Georges Lautner (24 January 1926 – 22 November 2013) was a French film director and screenwriter, known primarily for his comedies created in collaboration with screenwriter Michel Audiard.
He has appeared in both films and television series.
Though he owned slaves, Benton came to oppose the institution of slavery after the Mexican–American War, and he opposed the Compromise of 1850 as too favorable to pro-slavery interests.
He wrote ten historical books, a book of poetry and numerous articles.
Jamrao Junction railway station is located in Pakistan.
Other films include" A Stolen Life"( 1946) and" Sirocco"( 1951).
Lee Mantle( December 13, 1851 November 18, 1934) was a United States Senator from Montana.
Crime and Punishment is a 2002 American-Russian-Polish drama film written and directed by Menahem Golan and starring Crispin Glover and Vanessa Redgrave.
When Nur ad- Din died in 1174, King Amalric I of Jerusalem took advantage of the situation and besieged the city of Banias.
The Government of India recognized his services towards society by releasing a postal mark in his honour on 25 December 2011.
The Tamluk Junction railway station in the Indian state of West Bengal, serves Tamluk, India in Purba Medinipur district.
He has been nominated for a César Award for Best Director and Best Picture for his films and.
Also in the cast were Ann Sothern as one of their friends, and Vincent Price as a peripheral member of the former Russian aristocracy.
To respond to these challenges, writes Bruce, Bakaffa was "silent, secret, and unfathomable in his designs, surrounded by soldiers who were his own slaves, and by new men of his own creation.
He is an experimental low temperature physicist.
He also chaired the supervisory council of Forsikringsselskapet Viking and Nedre Glommen salgsforening, and was a supervisory council member of Filharmonisk Selskap.
Robert made Lochmaben the centre of his lordship and constructed a new" caput" there.
She was blessed with five kids namely Collins Kipchumba, Christine Chebet, Lee kipngetich,ieelyn Chepchirchir and Rosemary Cheptanui.
Here and Now( originally titled Blue Night) is a 2018 American romantic drama film directed by Fabien Constant, starring Sarah Jessica Parker and Simon Baker.
The Phullu movie was released in theaters on 16 June 2017, in which film Sharib Hashmi is the lead role.
Ghost Story or Ghost Stories may refer to:
Princess Adelaide was the Princess consort of Solms- Baruth through her marriage to Friedrich, 3rd Prince of Solms- Baruth.
Chah -e Ali Pangi( also Romanized as Chāh- e ʿ Alī Palangī) is a village in Dalgan Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.
Her husband Ferdinand Charles Gonzaga was the last Gonzaga Duke of Mantua.
He also wrote for 26 films between 1918 and 1958.
The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come is a lost 1928 silent film drama directed by Alfred Santell and starring Richard Barthelmess.
Valmond Maurice Guest( 11 December 1911 – 10 May 2006) was an English film director and screenwriter.
There were no known children from this marriage.
Roscoe Word( born July 24, 1952) is a retired American football cornerback who played in the National Football League( NFL) for the New York Jets, Buffalo Bills, New York Giants, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
In 1994, after signing a development deal with Warner Bros. Records, she was asked by veteran producer Quincy Jones to appear on his album "Q's Jook Joint" (1995), earning her Grammy Award nominations for their collaboration on "You Put a Move on My Heart" and "Slow Jams."
A. B. Raj was the Second Unit Assistant Director of The Bridge on the River Kwai by David Lean
Ya'qubi further reports that under al- Wathiq, he was appointed to the governorships of Khurasan, al- Sind, and the sub-provinces of the Tigris River.
It was written by Adele and Dan Wilson for her second studio album, "21".
Wood and his film were posthumously given two Golden Turkey Awards for Worst Director Ever and Worst Film.
William Calow( died 1487) was an English justice.
The couple had two sons:
She graduated with the cand.oecon. degree in 1946, and was eventually hired as a research fellow at the Norwegian Institute for Social Research, which was established in 1950.
Dierdre Claire Smart( born 9 July 1966) is an Australian actress, model, singer, dancer and painter.
By the end of 1995, James Cameron was interested in directing a third" Terminator" film.
John Patrick Ryan (July 30, 1936 – March 20, 2007) was an American actor, best known for his role as Warden Ranken in the 1985 film "Runaway Train".
She was the sixth child and fourth daughter of Frederick V, Landgrave of Hesse- Homburg and his wife Landgravine Caroline of Hesse- Darmstadt, in turn daughter of Louis IX, Landgrave of Hesse- Darmstadt.
Henry Paget, 2nd Marquess of Anglesey,( 6 July 1797 – 7 February 1869), styled Lord Paget 1812 and 1815 and Earl of Uxbridge from 1815 to 1854, was a British peer and Whig politician.
For US citizens born abroad who under the US Constitution acquire US citizenship at the time of birth, the nationality at birth will be USA( American), while the place of birth would be the country in which the actual birth takes place.
Duckett was the son of John Duckett, of Hartham House, Corsham, Wiltshire, a Royalist gentleman, and his wife, Jane Winter or Wintour.
Franz de Paula Joachim Joseph")
Day was born in Sheen, England.
Sally MacKenzie is a" USA Today" bestselling romance novelist who has currently published eight books," The Naked Duke"( 2005)," The Naked Marquis"( 2006)," The Naked Earl"( 2007)," The Naked Gentleman"( 2008)," The Naked Baron"( 2009)," The Naked Viscount"( 2010)," The Naked King"( 2011), and" Bedding Lord Ned"( 2012).
He is married to classical singer Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar, who is a 2-time National Film Award winner.
The Women's Suffrage Journal was a magazine founded by Lydia Becker and Jessie Boucherett in 1870.
Jeffrey Beall is an American librarian, best known for drawing attention to" predatory open access publishing", a term he coined, and for creating what is now widely known as Beall's list, a list of potentially predatory open-access publishers.
Nowadays he has revamped his acting style as a comedy actor and is involved in directing action choreography for some productions.
He was also the founder and editor of the" Laramie Boomerang".
Van Rensselaer married twice and had at least eleven children.
The title means" Goodbye Friend" in English.
Eastwood received considerable critical praise in France for several films, including some that were not well received in the United States.
St John died at the age of 41 at Nice but was buried at Bletsoe.
Jack Roberts Dulmage( 1918 or 1918 – August 2, 1998) was a Canadian sports journalist for the" Windsor Star".
Searley is best remembered for directing the Thomas Edison version of "Frankenstein" in 1910.
Cristiano Ruiu( born February 19, 1979 in Milan, Italy) is an Italian sports journalist and TV presenter of Qui studio a voi stadio.
She also had a long career in theater and was a cabaret artist.
He currently plays for Al- Ittihad, and is a member of the Libya national football team.
Chah -e Ali Sarbazi( also Romanized as Chāh- e ʿ Alī Sarbāzī) is a village in Esfandar Rural District, Bahman District, Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.
It was directed by J. Searle Dawley.
John St John, 11th Baron St John of Bletso( died 24 June 1757) was an English peer.
The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival, and was one of the first mainland Chinese films to be commercially screened in the United States.
Later this was hyphenated as Grenfell- Baines: Grenfell being his mother's maiden name.
Bertha of Lorraine( or Bertha of Swabia)( b.c. 1123/30 – d. 1194/ 5) was a member of the Hohenstaufen dynasty.
Caspar Babypants is the stage name of children's music artist Chris Ballew, who is also widely known as the singer of The Presidents of the United States of America.
Her siblings included Elisabeth of Bohemia and Wenceslaus III of Bohemia.
Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark (26 June 1914 – 24 November 2001) was the fourth child and youngest daughter of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg.
Mann has composed for circus, dance, theatre and television, including for The Paper Cinema, Mimbre, Ockham's Razor and Rambert amongst others.
Years later, Steve Niles showed IDW Publishing the idea and it took off.
Zaigham Imam (Born 10 December 1982) is an Indian film Director, writer, and producer known for his critically acclaimed films Nakkash, Dozakh in Search of Heaven, and Alif (2016 film), He has written two books 'Main Mohabbat" and "Dozakh" published by Rajkamal Prakashan.
On one occasion he escaped the wrath of parliamentary forces by escaping in a hearse.
He was a friend of cyclist Wouter Weylandt, who died two years after Nolf, in a racing accident in May 2011.
Henry Grey, 4th Earl of Kent( c. 1495 – 24 September 1562) was Earl of Kent from 1524 to his death.
He retired in 1874.
This Land Is Your Land", has inspired several generations both politically and musically.
He also directed 16 films between 1924 and 1949.
He received an OBE in 1960 and was knighted in 1978.
Carlos Alberto Reyes Jr.( born April 4, 1969) was a former professional baseball pitcher.
Amedeo Escobar( 1888–1973) was an Italian composer of film scores.
He served as Chairman of UNICEF from 1980 to 1981.
The House in Dragon Street( German: Das Haus in der Dragonerstrasse) is a 1921 German silent crime film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Edmund Löwe, Werner Krauss and Lilly Flohr.
Johannes Antonius Bernardus" John" or" Johnny" Metgod( born 27 February 1958 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a retired Dutch footballer.
After giving up on being a dancer, she rose to prominence portraying Lucinda Croft in the popular soap opera" Home and Away" from 1991 to 1992.
The ambitious Gerhard claimed a part of his father's territories for himself.
Cristóvão de Mendonça married D. Maria de Vilhena, daughter of Sancho de Tovar, but there was no issue of this marriage.
His second marriage, on 22 July 1624, at Harefield, Middlesex, was to the former Lady Anne Stanley (1580–1647), elder daughter and co-heiress of Ferdinando Stanley, 5th Earl of Derby (by his wife, Alice Spencer), and widow of Grey Brydges, 5th Baron Chandos.
Friedrich I of Nuremberg( before 1139 – after 1 October 1200), the first Burgrave of Nuremberg from the House of Hohenzollern.
Petra is the Nabataean kingdom capital's archeological site, carved in the desert rock of (Trans)Jordan.
Petra, PETRA or Petria may also refer to :
He is known for composing many melodies for Malayalam cinema .
Those papers were sent to London and were found to be partial plans for the new magnetic mines being used by the German Navy.
Between 1847 and 1859 he also served as Lord-Lieutenant of Buteshire.
Second Wife is a 1936 film directed by Edward Killy and starring Gertrude Michael and Walter Abel.
(" If You Talk In Your Sleep" reached No. 17 on the Billboard Hot 100, also during the summer of 1974.)
Some administrative forms may request the applicant's" country of birth".
It is based on an original screenplay by James Russo and a rewrite by David Grovic and Paul Conway and an inspiration of" The Cat: A Tale of Feminine Redemption" by Marie- Louise von Franz.
Mfantsiman Girls' Secondary School is an all girls second cycle institution in Saltpond in the Central Region of Ghana which was founded in 1960 by Kwame Nkrumah as Saltpond Girls' Secondary School.
She began her career in a starring role on the NBC comedy series" Boston Common"( 1996 – 97), and she later appeared in numerous movies and television series.
Upon Herod's death, the Romans divided his kingdom among three of his sons and his sister—Archelaus became ethnarch of Judea, Samaria, and Idumea,
The son of William Wright and Elizabeth Hooper, he married Mima Owen, the daughter of Sir Hugh Owen and Ann Wade, on 25 September 1867.
He was a subject of the Hollywood blacklist in the McCarthy era, and subsequently moved to France, where he revived his career.
In 2002, Lennon was voted eighth in a BBC poll of the 100 Greatest Britons, and in 2008, "Rolling Stone" ranked him the fifth-greatest singer of all time.
Until 1651 his mother had been Regent of his behalf; from 1651 to 1659, his older brother John Louis had been regent.
Titles included" The Sweet Sins of Sexy Susan"( 1967)," Sexy Susan Sins Again"( 1968)," Wild, Willing& Sexy"( 1969) and" Do n't Tell Daddy"( aka" Naughty Nymphs" in the U.S.A.)( 1972).
He died in Los Angeles, California in 1980.
The following year he was returned to Parliament for Cardiff, succeeding his uncle Lord Evelyn Stuart, a seat he held until 1820 and again from 1826 to 1832.
He was the cousin of Johann II, Prince of Liechtenstein.
He is noted for his elegant and emotionally charged films that often delve into the complexities of emotions and the human condition.
Nero (15 December 37 – 9 June 68 AD) was the last Roman emperor of the Julio-Claudian dynasty.
Muchachas que estudian is a Argentine comedy film directed and written by Manuel Romero.
LRPA operates of switching line at the Port of Little Rock Industrial Park, and interchanges with Union Pacific Railroad and BNSF Railway near the Little Rock National Airport.
Khanzada Begum (1478 – 1545) was a Timurid princess and the eldest daughter of Umar Shaikh Mirza II, the "amir" of Ferghana.
Ackbar had just 14 lines of dialogue in" Return of the Jedi", and his total screen time across all three film appearances totaled only three minutes and 30 seconds.
Diary of a Nudist, also known as Diary of a Girl Reporter, Diary of a Naturist, Girl Reporter Diary, Nature Camp Confidential, Nature Camp Diary or Nudist Confidential, is an American 1961 nudist film produced and directed by Doris Wishman.
He has directed and edited the documentary as well as the upcoming David Ellefson produced horror film" Dwellers" which Fortier also wrote and stars in.
The "Annals of Innisfallen" records an event under the year 665 in which the Connachta fought a battle with the Munstermen at Loch Fén
To Walk with Lions is a 1999 film directed by Carl Schultz and starring Richard Harris as George Adamson and John Michie as Tony Fitzjohn.
One of the earliest and most prominent members of al- Mu'tasim's Turkish guard, he rose to become one of the leading figures of the empire under al- Mu'tasim, serving as a commander in the Amorium campaign, and playing a leading role in the purge of the old Abbasid elites that followed.
The Budapest Business Journal or" BBJ" is an English- language biweekly magazine published in Hungary.
" Irony of Fate" earned$ 55,000,000 in total from its gross box- office release, with$ 49,000,000 coming from the Russian box- office alone.
Prints held at George Eastman House and Filmoteca Espanola( Madrid).
Initially titled the" Manchester National Society for Women's Suffrage Journal" within a year its title was changed reflecting Becker's desire to extend its influence beyond" Manchester's radical liberal elite".
At the time of her birth she was seventh in line of succession to the British throne and is currently 24th.
Filming for" King Kong" took place in New Zealand from September 2004 to March 2005.
Either Clovis and his mayor of the palace, Erchinoald, captured and executed him in 657 or Chlothar III annexed Austrasia in 661, deposing the young usurper and executing them both the next year.
His father had acquired the County of Cleves in 1368 and reserved this title for his eldest son Adolph to succeed him after his death.
Later he worked as a script clerk for directors
He eventually signed with Warner Bros., where he proved adept at directing in a wide variety of genres.
Love Yoou Soniye is a 2013 Punjabi language Indian romantic comedy film directed by Sahil Kohli.
Hombres de esta tierra is a 1922 Chilean silent film, the debut film of Carlos F. Borcosque.
Marleen Gorris( born 9 December 1948) is a Dutch writer and director.
Frederick of Nassau, Lord of Zuylestein( 1624–1672) was an illegitimate son of Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange, by Margaretha Catharina Bruyns,
He is most noted for his career in IFK Göteborg, where he was highly successful.
Olav Aaraas( born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director.
The film was listed at number 11 on "Entertainment Weekly"s Top 50 Cult Films list.
After the death of al- Muntasir, the Turkish chiefs assembled in a council to select his successor.
He started his television career in 1999.
She then became co-head of state with her only son, Norodom Sihanouk, from 1960 to 1970.
Goldfrank received her bachelor's degree from Barnard College in 1918 and graduated from Columbia University in 1937.
These songs have gained widespread popularity in Russia.
His eldest son, John William Spencer Brownlow Egerton- Cust, succeeded his grandfather in the earldom of Brownlow in 1853.
The SyFy channel announced on October 22, 2018 that it was in talks to purchase the rights to the film in order to produce a sequel.
Dahlquist (14 September 1910 in Örgryte (grew also up in Lidingö) – died 14 October 1979 on Brännö, Gothenburg archipelago due to laryngeal cancer) was a Swedish composer, singer and actor.
Consenting Adults is a 1992 American mystery crime-thriller film directed by Alan J. Pakula, and stars Kevin Kline, Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Kevin Spacey and Rebecca Miller.
Sophia of Masovia( 1497/1498- before 11 March 1543) was a Princess of Masovia, daughter of Konrad III Rudy, Duke of Masovia and his wife Anna Radziwiłł.
He is best known for" The Runner" and" Vegas: Based on a True Story".
This book is part of an examination of Canadian cinema, in a series for the University of Toronto press.
Rucker began his career on the daytime soap operas" As the World Turns" and" All My Children", before roles in Tyler Perry's films
Ana de Mendonça, niece of Bartolomeu Perestrelo, took over the post of" Comendadeira"( Mother Superior) in the All Saints Monastery belonging to the Order of Saint James of the Sword on July 8, 1508, a position she held until her death in 1542.
For his contribution to the motion picture industry, Norman Taurog has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 1600 Vine Street.
The film will not be released in theaters as a distribution deal was not able to be successfully negotiated spurring contention with Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, residents as $500,000 in tax payer funds was used to finance the film.
She was the youngest daughter of Sancho VI of Navarre and Sancha of Castile, who died in 1179, about two years after Blanche's birth.
Henry arrested Beatrice and her young son Frederick and imprisoned her in Germany, separate from either husband or son, who died within days.
By May 944 Sancho was in Burgos.
After  is a 2014 Hong Kong satirical horror comedy film directed by Fruit Chan and starring Wong You-nam, Janice Man, Simon Yam, Kara Hui, Lam Suet, Chui Tien-you, Cheuk Wan-chi, Lee Sheung-ching, Sam Lee and Jan Curious.
She married a cousin, Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia, with whom she had seven children.
He was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council.
She was known as Princess of Bavaria until 1918.
Her husband, Ralph, is the 12th Duke of Northumberland.
Most historians in the generation following Chamberlain's death held similar views, led by Churchill in "The Gathering Storm".
During his career, he gained five international caps for Wales.
Their children were:
As the grandson of Louise Elisabeth of Courland, he hoped in vain to succeed his cousin Ferdinand Kettler as Duke of Courland.
It is a fantasy- comedy and is noted for how it avoids politics of its time.
In October 2012, Mill announced the launch of his own label imprint, Dream Chasers Records, named after his mixtape series.
She also used her married name Rona Shambrook and the pseudonym of Virginia Standage.
Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, the film stars Mae Murray, John Gilbert, Roy D'Arcy, and Tully Marshall, with pre-fame uncredited appearances by Joan Crawford and Clark Gable.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani (17 January 1881 – 8 April 1971)
Following this she spent 14 years singing with the Ontario group Moxie Whitney, and sang with The National Press and Allied Jazz.
Dat Whoopty Woop is the debut album from Long Beach, California producer and rapper Soopafly.
He was head astrologer to King John II of Aragon, father of King Ferdinand of Aragon.
He studied at the University of Giessen and was sent by his father to Russia in 1723.
After separating from Mottola, Carey adopted a new image and incorporated more elements of hip hop into her music with the release of "Butterfly" (1997).
' of Russia.
Ja'far ibn al- Mu'tamid, better known by his regnal name of al- Mufawwid ila-llah(" Deferring to God"), was a son of the Abbasid caliph al- Mu'tamid and heir- apparent of the Caliphate from 875 until his sidelining by his cousin al- Mu'tadid in 891.
Born in Bitola, Macedonia, Makedonski studied music composition at the Zagreb Conservatory in Croatia.
Damon Albarn (born 23 March 1968) is an English musician, singer, songwriter, and record producer, best known as the lead singer of the rock band Blur and as the co-founder, lead vocalist, instrumentalist, and principal songwriter of the virtual band Gorillaz.
The film is directed by Peyton Reed and written by the writing teams of Chris McKenna and Erik Sommers, and Paul Rudd, Andrew Barrer and Gabriel Ferrari.
He was the second son of Bernhard III, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg, by his first wife Agnes, daughter of Rudolf I, Duke of Saxe- Wittenberg.
Charles Edward Augustus Maximilian Stuart, Baron Korff, Count Roehenstart (– 28 October 1854) was the natural son of Prince Ferdinand of Rohan (1738–1813), Roman Catholic Archbishop of Cambrai, by Charlotte Stuart, Duchess of Albany, herself the natural but legitimised daughter of Charles Edward Stuart, "The Young Pretender" or "Bonnie Prince Charlie".
The Earth Cries Out( also known as" Exodus") is a 1948 Italian action- drama film directed by Duilio Coletti.
The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks, with Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, and Nathalie Baye in supporting roles.
Polygondwanaland is the twelfth studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band King Gizzard& the Lizard Wizard.
Zombie directed the horror film" House of 1000 Corpses" in 2000, though the controversial project was not released until 2003.
Noel Mason Smith (May 22, 1895 – September 20, 1955) was an American film director and writer.
The film's storyline concerns extraterrestrials who seek to stop humanity from creating a doomsday weapon that could destroy the universe.
It was produced by Detail and Choppa Boi.
She was the daughter of Henry Paget, 1st Earl of Uxbridge, and sister of Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey, and his wife, the former Jane Champagné.
Under the pirivena's leadership, several schools were started in the region; one is Sri Dharmaloka College, one of the national schools in the region.
It is based on the actions taken by the guerrillas under the command of the general Martin Güemes against the royalist army, loyal to the Spanish monarchy.
He received his conditional pardon in April 1886, and the following month was elected treasurer of the York Mechanics' Institute.
The legislation protected abolitionists, and he used his position to intervene in cases of freed black people who were enslaved in the South.
Brad Paisley recorded a cover of the song on his debut album" Who Needs Pictures"( 1999).
He is the son of actor Paul Sorvino, and the brother of actress Mira Sorvino.
It is the last film featuring the trio of the" Coward"( Georgy Vitsin), the" Fool"( Yuri Nikulin), and the" Pro"( Yevgeny Morgunov), a group of bumbling antiheroes similar in some ways to the Three Stooges.
After the Second World War, he is best known as a writer of films about great figures of Christian charity, hence his reputation in the profession of official Catholic filmmaker.
She was a sister of Dukes Janusz III of Masovia and Stanislaus of Masovia, and Sophia, who married Stephen VII Báthory.
During the war years, Margaret was considered too young to perform any official duties and instead continued her education.
The Girl from Leningrad, is a 1941 Soviet adventure film directed by Viktor Eisymont.
Scullin would remain party leader for four more years but the party split would not be healed until after Scullin's return to the backbenches in 1935.
Princess Guda of Waldeck and Pyrmont( born 22 August 1939) is the youngest daughter of Josias, Hereditary Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont, head of the House of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1946 to 1967 and first wife of Frederick William, Prince of Wied.
It was released in 1995.
While writing the shooting script, Lucas, Kasdan, Marquand, and producer Howard Kazanjian spent two weeks in conference discussing ideas to construct it.
Currently, the Black Sea water level is relatively high; thus, water is being exchanged with the Mediterranean.
It's Not What You Say ... It's How You Say
Live!The Ellen DeGeneres Show", and
(1 August 1821 in Torquay, Devon – 22 March 1886 Norfolk House, St James's Square, London), who was commonly known by her middle name, "Minna", was the younger daughter of Edmund Lyons, 1st Baron Lyons by his wife Augusta Louisa (née Rogers).
In 1912, Wenrich and Madden had another hit with "Moonlight Bay.
The exact events of this "Lin Biao incident" have been a source of speculation ever since.
He was the younger son of Béla III of Hungary, who entrusted him with the administration of the newly conquered Principality of Halych in 1188.
In 1956 he directed "Graciela", based on Carmen Laforet's novel "Nada", winner of Nadal Literary Prize 1944.
The aliens implement" Plan 9", a scheme to resurrect the Earth's dead, referred to as" ghouls".
Hugh Percy, 1st Duke of Northumberland,( c. 17146 June 1786), was an English peer, landowner, and art patron.
In January 2019, he collaped while playing in a local cricket tournament, and died later in hospital.
It was Korda's most famous Hungarian film, better known than his literary adaptions.
" All About My Mother" deals with complex issues such as AIDS, homosexuality, transsexualism, faith, and existentialism.
A butler goes on vacation, where he is wrongly supposed to be a wealthy man.
Edwards was married to actress Chrissie White, who co-starred in a number of his films.
Manila in the Claws of Light( Filipino: Maynila, sa mga Kuko ng Liwanag) is a 1975 Filipino drama film directed by Lino Brocka based on the novel" In the Claws of Brightness" by Edgardo M. Reyes.
Brignone was born in Milan, Italy.
Vidyalankara Pirivena is one of the largest Buddhist pirivenas in Sri Lanka.
It is based on the story written by eminent writer U. R. Ananthamurthy.
The cinematography was by Douglas Slocombe.
Friedrich Christian Anton" Fritz" Lang( December 5, 1890 – August 2, 1976) was an Austrian- German- American filmmaker, screenwriter, and occasional film producer and actor.
Grages best results in World Cup was the 7th fastest time over all on the 5,000 m.
Arthur Cory- Wright became Chairman on the death of his father in 1909.
He is most notable for his 1977 song" Harriet Tubman", which has been recorded by folk musicians such as Holly Near, John McCutcheon, and others.
John performed fealty to King Edward I of England at Berwick on 28 August 1296.
She was the daughter of Godfrey III, Duke of Lower Lorraine and his wife Doda.
Hemenway served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1890 and 1891.
Amman Kovil Thiruvizha is a 1990 Tamil Indian feature film directed by Murugan Kalainjanam.
Madeleine Beauséjour is a film editor and director from Réunion.
Most roles were interpreted by real Gypsies; this was their movie.
My Dear Secretary is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Charles Martin, starring Laraine Day and Kirk Douglas.
Partner Jerry Lee go on one last adventure before they retire and start to enjoy the good life.
They fled to England, and after arriving in London they moved to Manchester.
Anton Aleksandrovich Utkine( Russian:) is a Russian writer and director of documentary film born on March 24, 1967 in Moscow.
The rise of the Turks would eventually result in the troubles of the "Anarchy at Samarra" and lead to the collapse of Abbasid power in the mid-10th century, but the "ghulām"-based system inaugurated by al-Mu'tasim would be widely adopted throughout the Muslim world.
He was nominated in 1956 for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film along with Gyula Trebitsch for their film" The Captain of Kopenick".
In 1639, Gray succeeded his childless second cousin once removed Henry Grey, 8th Earl of Kent.
Murphy directed several Hollywood features during the 1990s, before returning to New Zealand as second- unit director on" The Lord of the Rings" film trilogy.
Lee Stafford( born 17 October 1966) is an award- winning celebrity hairdresser.
Countess Louise of Stolberg- Wernigerode( 24 November 1771 at Wernigerode Castle – 8 June 1856 in Groß Krauschen) was abbess of Drübeck Abbey.
The following year he was awarded the third prize in a competition for a new Rhodesian Parliament; the prize money, £ 250, was enough to enable him to start his own practice.
In 1538 he was appointed Sheriff of Flint, and in July that year he became attorney to the King.
An educationist and revivalist of Sri Lankan Buddhism, he was reputed for his knowledge of Pali, Sanskrit and Buddhist Philosophy.
At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 10 families.
There he became so large that he could not have left, even if the door had remained open—hence his appellation" The Fat".
Based on the 1987 novel of the same name by Thomas Cobb, the film centers around a down- and- out country music singer- songwriter( Jeff Bridges) who tries to turn his life around after beginning a relationship with a young journalist( Maggie Gyllenhaal).
Robert married ca.
The film was released on June 5, 1946, by Universal Pictures.
In exile, he settled in France where he married Princess Irina Pavlovna Paley, his distant cousin.
Richard Timothy Jones( born January 16, 1972) is an American actor.
Theobald responded in 1218, retaking Rosheim and ravaging Alsace.
He married Lucy Manners, daughter of John Manners, 2nd Duke of Rutland on 28 October 1742.
" Goodbye to You" is a single by American rock band Scandal.
All the songs in the film were composed by Ilaiyaraaja and were massive hits.
His works include "Alice in Wonderland" (1903), the first film adaptation of Lewis Carroll's children's book "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".
Don Juan de Santo Domingo de Mendoza Tlacaeleltzin Chichimeca teuctli( died 1563) was the tlatoani( ruler) of Itztlacozauhcan in Amaquemecan, Chalco from 1548 to 1563.
Jerzy Skolimowski (born 5 May 1938) is a Polish film director, screenwriter, dramatist and actor.
Patrick Ruthven, 1st Earl of Forth and 1st Earl of Brentford( c. 1573 – 2 February 1651) was a Scottish nobleman, general, and diplomat.
He is a founding member of the heavy metal band White Zombie, releasing four studio albums with the band.
The film stars Priscilla Lane, Wayne Morris, Jane Bryan, Eddie Albert, Jane Wyman, and Ronald Reagan.
Luis Saslavsky( April 21, 1903 – March 20, 1995) was an Argentine film director, screenwriter and film producer, and one of the influential directors in the Cinema of Argentina of the classic era.
Casa Blanca is a house museum located in Old San Juan within the historic colonial section of the capital of Puerto Rico.
The Festivites Western de Saint- Victor( literally, Saint- Victor Western Festival) are held in Saint- Victor, Quebec, Canada, in July of each year since 1978.
She was buried in the Jamaa' al- Jadid in Damascus.
He won for Best Visual Effects at the 57th Academy Awards for his work on the film" Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom".
Since his debut as a poet in 1963, he has written poetry, novels, stage plays, and some thirty children's books (often collaborating with his wife, artist and writer Anna-Clara Tidholm).
(1607, Santisteban del Puerto, Jaén, Spain – ca.
The Black Sea drains into the Mediterranean Sea, via the Aegean Sea and various straits, and is navigable to the Atlantic Ocean.
William and his brother Richard were executed by the Lancastrians, now led by Warwick, after the Battle of Edgecote Moor, near Banbury.
He was the brother of count Henry III of Nassau- Breda and the father of William I of Orange.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Wolf Englert and Ernst Richter.
I was the son of Henry XIV, Duke of Lower Bavaria, and Margaret of Bohemia.
Louis de Bourbon( 1473 – 1520) styled as the" Prince of La Roche- sur- Yon" was born in 1473.
On 18 July 1966 he was honoured by the Caballero Gran Cruz de la Orden del Mérito Civil.
Pictures release chronicles his short life and career through black- and- white still photographs, interviews with the aunt and uncle who raised him, his paternal grandparents, a New York City cabdriver friend, and the owner of his favorite Los Angeles restaurant, and outtakes from" East of Eden", footage of the opening night of" Giant", and Dean's ironic public service announcement for safe driving from" Warner Bros. Presents".
BioMed Central describes itself as the first and largest open access science publisher.
Hugh Le Despenser, chief justiciar of England, first played an important part in 1258, when he was prominent on the baronial side in the Mad Parliament of Oxford.
It earned a Grammy Hall of Fame Award and an induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll.
Ismat offered him a bribe to lift the siege, but, hoping for a larger offer, Amalric continued the siege for two weeks, until finally accepting the money along with the release of twenty Christian prisoners.
Just ಮಾತ್ ಮಾತಲ್ಲಿ, English translation: "Just your chatter") is a 2010 Indian Kannada romantic feel good film, written & directed by Sudeep starring himself, Ramya and Rajesh.
Among many prizes, Gittoes has twice been awarded the Blake Prize for Religious Art.
" American Hustle" had its nationwide release in the United States on December 13, 2013.
Satyajit Ray( 2 May 1921 – 23 April 1992) was an Indian filmmaker, screenwriter, music composer, graphic artist, lyricist and author, widely regarded as one of the greatest filmmakers of all time.
Scott Fox is a pornographic film director who is a member of the AVN Hall of Fame.
Elan Atias( born September 21, 1975) is an American singer/ songwriter, reggae singer.
The translation of his relics is celebrated on July 25.
It is the largest, oldest and a leading publication in its category in the country.
He always paid attention to the human-interest aspect of every story, stating that the "human and fundamental problems of real people" were the basis of all good drama.
Bolko V the Hussite  (ca. 1400 – 29 May 1460) was a Duke of Opole between 1422–1424 (as a co-ruler with his father), ruler over Głogówek and Prudnik since 1424, Duke of Strzelce and Niemodlin from 1450 and ruler over Olesno since 1455.
He is heir apparent to the Earldom of Snowdon and 22nd in the line of succession to the British throne, after his father.
King Kong Escapes, released in Japan as, is a 1967 Japanese- American science- fiction" kaiju" film featuring King Kong, co-produced by Toho and Rankin/ Bass.
The previous Comendadeira had been her aunt, Violante Nogueira, Bartolomeu Perestrelo's sister- in- law, the former nanny of King Duarte's children, and aunt of Izeu Perestrelo, Filipa Moniz's half- sister.
He was educated at Trinity College, Dublin.
Big Four or Big 4 may refer to:
Directed by Rajiv Kapoor, the movie stars Rishi Kapoor and Madhuri Dixit and deals with the subject of rape.
Battle of the Nations is an alternative name for the Battle of Leipzig( 1813).
She later became queen consort of Syria as the wife of Antiochus IX Cyzicenus.
He directed 36 films between 1917 and 1938.
He was the father of Ernst II, Duke of Saxe- Altenburg.
He is best known as the host of the PBS and syndicated children's science show" Bill Nye the Science Guy"( 1993 – 1998), the Netflix show" Bill Nye Saves the World"( 2017–2018), and for his many subsequent appearances in popular media as a science educator.
It was released worldwide on 17 February 2012 to critical acclaim and was declared a hit.
Cisco A. McSorley is a Democratic member of the New Mexico Senate, representing the 16th District since 1997.
A similar scene films Ana and Marian as they visit their home, which is also outside Bucharest.
He held lands in England and Scotland.
She was known for her piety and for her charity to the poor.
Bhumibol Adulyadej (see full title below; 5 December 1927 – 13 October 2016), conferred with the title
The Lamberts' mother was Osage and their father was a Metis.
Priyadarshan has also directed many advertisement films.
Crime and Punishment is a 1983 film directed by Aki Kaurismäki.
Benavides received a Humanistic education with the Jesuits of the Colegio Imperial de Madrid.
While having started out with an exclusive focus on open access journals, it is now expanding its activities to include matters pertaining to open access books too.
Active mostly in the 1930s, she mostly played minor or uncredited roles as older women such as aunts, cooks, maids and neighbors.
The film premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in Canada on 11 September 2006 and was also shown at the Max Ophüls Festival in Germany, the Karlovy Vary Film Festival in the Czech Republic, the Copenhagen International Film Festival in Denmark and the Ourense International Film Festival in Spain.
He was archbishop of Toledo from 1319 until 1328.
He has since become a clear favorite of several of Italy's top directors, appearing in Tonino Cervi's" Ritratto di borghesia in nero"( 1977), Mauro Bolognini's" La Dame Aux Camelias"( 1981), with Isabelle Huppert, and Pupi Avati's" Storia di ragazzi e di ragazze"( 1989), to name only a few.
X- Men or X Men may also refer to:
In accepting the appointment, Chopin became one of only 39 ex-convict school teachers in Western Australia.
Dialogue is in French, with dubbed versions in other languages.
The architect was George Devey.
Joachim Ernest of Schleswig-Holstein- Sonderburg- Plön( 29 August 1595 – October 5, 1671), also" Joachim Ernest of Schleswig- Holstein- Plön", was the first Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Plön, which emerged from a division of the Duchy of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg.
It was a great success and he performed it many times thereafter.
As her husband advanced his political career, Coolidge avoided politics.
The film ’s original title was" Manure".
Louis I (murdered September 29, 1025), Count of Chiny (987-1025) and Count of Verdun (as Louis) (1024-1025), son of Otto I, Count of Chiny, and an unknown mother.
Upon Otto’s death, Louis became the second Count of Chiny.
He directed 67 films between 1915 and 1938.
In 2013, she was nominated for the British Academy Television Award for Best Actress for her performance in BBC Two's" Parade's End".
With the advent of talking pictures, he relocated to Hollywood.
She was the eldest daughter of Duke Victor Amadeus II of Savoy and of Anne Marie d'Orléans.
He had two sons, don Diego and don Pedro.
He succeeded his father in 1162 and continued the family ’s support of the Abbey of Orval.
In 1407, Reinald supported his brother-in-law, John of Arkel, against the Dutch and in 1409 received the city of Gorinchem from John.
Sudeep Sanjeev( born 2 September 1974), better known mononymously as Sudeep or as Kichcha Sudeep, is an Indian film actor, director, producer, screenwriter, television presenter and singer, who primarily works in Kannada language films, in addition to appearances in a handful of Telugu, Hindi and Tamil language films.
Julius Sang (September 19, 1948 – April 9, 2004) was a Kenyan runner.
The film was co-written by West from her play "Frisco Kate", which she wrote in 1921 and a story written by the duo Marion Morgan and George Brendan Dowell.
One Man may refer to:
Peter Solan( 25 April 1929 – 21 September 2013) was a Slovak film director and documentarian.
She is also known by her birth name and nickname as Khun Mai.
Grimoald, Childebert and Ansegisel (who had married the daughter of Pepin of Landen) were finally seized and turned over to the king of Neustria, Clovis II, who had them killed.
Cléo from 5 to 7 is a 1962 French Left Bank film by Agnès Varda.
He was born in Rockland, California, and died in Los Angeles, California.
In 1588 he was elected Member of Parliament for Bedfordshire.
Leon Ames( January 20, 1902 – October 12, 1993) was an American film and television actor.
The Evil Within( also known as" ′ Passport to Danger′") is a 1970 Indo- Filipino drama film directed by Lamberto V. Avellana and starring Dev Anand and Zeenat Aman.
She is best known for her supporting role as Molly in the 2012 film" What to Expect When You're Expecting".
Worked with Erich Mendelsohn on the De la Warr Pavilion, Bexhill- on- Sea( 1936), the British Pavilion for the Brussels World ’s Fair( 1958) and on various parts of the Festival of Britain.
He died four years later and was buried on Mount Herzl, Jerusalem.
The James Dean Story is a 1957 American documentary.
When Pathé in 1908 launched a "prestige" production unit, the Société des Auteurs et des Gens de Lettres (SCAGL), Capellani became its first artistic director.
Noah Beery Jr. McGavin would go on to have a prolific career in television, appearing in numerous guest-starring roles throughout the 1960s and 1970s, before being cast in the title role of the television horror series  (1974–1975).
It was written and directed by Perry, who also played three characters, including Madea.
Michael, who had been previously molested by his father, tries to protect his brother from their dad.
She was the daughter of Peter I of Portugal and his wife Inês de Castro.
Breckinridge is regarded as an effective military commander.
Her eldest brother, Sancho VII of Navarre, succeeded their father as King of Navarre and was the last male descendant of the first dynasty of Kings of Navarre, the Pamplona dynasty, dying childless.
Attack of Life: The Bang Tango Movie is a 2015 documentary film about American hard rock band Bang Tango.
He was a specialist in the study of Hellenistic Judaism.
David Carnegie, 4th Earl of Northesk( 1675 – 14 January 1729) was a Scottish peer and politician.
Duilio Coletti( 28 December 1906 – 22 May 1999) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.
It chronicles the life of Joan of Arc.
Philip was the son of Alan Basset of High Wycombe in Buckinghamshire and his wife, Aline Degai.
Bregman made his MLB debut in July 2016.
He won the Amelia Frances Howard- Gibbon Illustrator's Award in 1981 for illustrating" The Trouble with Princesses", written by Christie Harris.
Upon his death in 1931, it was said of him: "In the various interests ... thrust upon him he never failed to do his full share in attending to the work at hand."
Judy Clark is an actress.
Emperor Go-Daigo (後醍醐天皇 "Go-Daigo-tennō")
However, unlike the Kannada version, the film couldn't get a theatrical release, and was shown on Doordarshan.
He was born in Prague, Bohemia, Austria- Hungary( now Czech Republic).
The origins and content of the film are linked to a particular moment in Argentine history in which there was an intense debate over whether the country should take the side of either the Axis or the Allies during World War II, or maintain its neutrality during the war.
" Last Night" is a song by English musician Lucy Spraggan, from her self- released album" Top Room at the Zoo"( 2011).
He is a great- grandson of King George VI through the king's younger daughter, Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon.
Rupert John Hopkins (5 April 1900 – 6 April 1973) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
However, critical opinion has improved since 1984, citing the film's intensity and imagination.
It is the sixth of the seven films in the" Doctor" series.
The literary distinctiveness of Ballard's fiction has given rise to the adjective "Ballardian", defined by the "Collins English Dictionary" as "resembling or suggestive of the conditions described in J. G. Ballard's novels and stories, especially dystopian modernity, bleak man-made landscapes and the psychological effects of technological, social or environmental developments".
The county of Sancerre, previously held by her brother, Louis Henri I, Prince of Condé, also became her property in 1740 at his death.
Ruut Veenhoven( born 1942) is a Dutch sociologist and a pioneer and world authority on the scientific study of happiness, in the sense of subjective enjoyment of life.
He appeared as himself in the 1948 comedy" Film Without a Title".
Boritzer was first published in 1963 at the age of 13 when he wrote an essay in his English class at Wade Junior High School in the Bronx, New York on the assassination of John F. Kennedy.
Princess Marie of Waldeck and Pyrmont (Georgine Henriette Marie; 23 May 1857 – 30 April 1882) was the third daughter of George Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and his wife, Princess Helena of Nassau, younger half-sister of Adolphe, Grand Duke of Luxembourg.
The film won four National Film Awards: Best Film, Best Actor, Best Cinematography and Best Background Score, and four Kerala State Film Awards for Best Film, Best Actor, Best Screenplay and Best Background Music.
Ivan Iovych Kuchuhura- Kucherenko( July 7, 1878 – November 24, 1937) was a Ukrainian minstrel( kobzar) and one of the most influential kobzars of the early 20th century.
The Tailor from Ulm is a 1978 West German drama film directed by Edgar Reitz, of" Heimat" fame.
The film stars Robert Frazer, Josef Swickard, Martha Mattox, Clara Bow, Alyce Mills and Gene Stratton.
He died from illness on a travel in Berlin.
John Donatich is the Director of Yale University Press.
The next recorded Duke of Lower Lorraine is Charles, who began his rule in 977.
Homelessness is all too familiar to many inhabitants in the world's wealthiest cities, but rarely has the situation seemed so hopeless, or its victims so desperate.
She was from Kolhatkar family of Pen and was married to Sadashivrao Bhau after the death of his first wife Umabai and hence became a member of the Peshwa family.
The film premiered at the Locarno Film Festival in August 2015, and had its Canadian premiere at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.
He formed the Drifting Cowboys backup band, which was managed by his mother, and dropped out of school to devote his time to his career.
It is constrained by the Pontic Mountains to the south, Caucasus Mountains to the east, Crimean Mountains to the north, Strandzha to the southwest, Balkan Mountains to the west, Dobrogea Plateau to the northwest, and features a wide shelf to the northwest.
Following his debut, Evans was cast in such action and thriller films as" Immortals"( 2011)," The Raven"( 2012), and the re-imagined" The Three Musketeers"( 2011).
She was married twice; her first husband was Gilbert de Clare, 7th Earl of Gloucester, one of the most powerful nobles in her father's kingdom; her second husband was Ralph de Monthermer, a squire in her household whom she married in secret.
M88, M- 88 or M/ 88 may refer to:
Detective K: Secret of the Lost Island( lit." Joseon Detective: The Disappearance of the Laborer's Daughter") is a 2015 South Korean period comedy adventure film directed by Kim Sok- yun.
It is another collection of hardcore rap from the underground.
Isobel may also refer to:
I, Duke of Cieszyn, and regent of the Duchy of Cieszyn during the minority of her sons from 1431.
The Intended is 2002 English- language period drama film directed by Kristian Levring and starring Janet McTeer( who also co-wrote the screenplay), JJ Feild, Olympia Dukakis, Tony Maudsley and Brenda Fricker.
The cinematography was handled by Madhu Ambat.
She was the daughter of Ramon Berenguer III, Count of Barcelona, and Douce I, Countess of Provence.
He was appointed by President Rodrigo Duterte replacing Associate Justice Bienvenido L. Reyes.
His remains are buried at Chapel of the Pines Crematory.
He directed the film "Ánimas Trujano" (1961) for which he was nominated for an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film.
Home games are played April – June at North Kansas City High School Stadium in nearby North Kansas City.
Widowed, he married secondly, in 1269, Isabelle de Conde (d. after 1280), daughter of Jacques, Seigneur of Conde and Bailleul, and his wife Agnes of Rœulx.
John A. Russo( born February 2, 1939), sometimes credited as Jack Russo or John Russo, is an American screenwriter and film director most commonly associated with the 1968 horror classic film" Night of the Living Dead".
Apollonius is also believed to have written a biography of Crassus.
Cons- la- Grandville was a commune of Meurthe- et- Moselle in what is now northeastern France on the river Chiers.
Through her marriage to Prince Eugenio of Savoy, 5th Duke of Genoa, Lucia was Duchess of Ancona and Duchess of Genoa.
Near by educational institutions are St Mary's High School, and St. Paul's High School.
Through her eldest daughter, Mary of Guise, she was the maternal grandmother of Mary, Queen of Scots.
He was born on January 25, 1851 in Tennessee to William Gideon Geers and Emily Woolard.
In 1057, Godfrey was exiled to Tuscany, where he joined Beatrice and co-governed with her.
The Surgeon's Knife( 1957) is a British crime film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Donald Houston, Adrienne Corri and Lyndon Brook.
The film is directed and edited by Drew Fortier, and features interviews with band members, fans, producers, and musical contemporaries such as Howard Benson, Riki Rachtman, Andrew Wilkow, Mandy Lion, Chip Z'nuff, as well as an opening narration by Twisted Sister frontman Dee Snider.
He lives and works in Berlin, Germany.
James Bruce describes Bakaffa as faced with the increasing enfeeblement of the Ethiopian Empire as well as growing intrigue and conspiracies.
The film" Keeper of the Bees" was released in theaters on July 10, 1947, but the film seems to have been lost since then.
She was nicknamed' La bella Boschetta'( the beautiful Boschetta).
Qin chancellor Gan Mao defected to Wei and the invading forces were withdrawn.
Born in Spokane, Washington, McGavin claimed to have been a child runaway who spent his later childhood squatting in Tacoma.
Lost in the Dark (Italian:Sperduti nel buio) is a 1914 Italian silent drama film directed by Nino Martoglio and starring Giovanni Grasso Sr., Maria Carmi and Virginia Balestrieri.
In 1903, he resigned from the Cabinet to campaign for tariff reform (i.e. taxes on imports as opposed to the existing policy of free trade with no tariffs).
She has won the 2010 Polar Music Prize from the Royal Swedish Academy of Music in recognition of her "deeply personal music and lyrics, her precise arrangements, and her unique voice.
This strengthened the position of the Turks and their principal leaders, Ashinas, Wasif, Itakh, and Bugha.
It s use in government funded schools has been the most controversial, as critics contend that a government- sanctioned endorsement of religion violates the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.
Leon Duray" Jigger" Sirois( born April 16, 1935) is an American former racing driver from the small town of Shelby in northern Indiana.
While in this role his older brother William Brereton, also a Groom of the Privy Chamber, was executed along with other conspirators for high treason and adultery with Ann Boleyn.
( internationally released as The Police Serve the Citizens?) is a 1973 Italian giallo- poliziottesco film directed by Romolo Guerrieri.
The Last Ride is a 1944 American crime film directed by D. Ross Lederman.
He started his political activity as town councilor in Rome, for the Christian Democracy party( DC).
He is not to be confused with another Hebrew lexicographer, Judah Even Shemuel, who also had the German- Yiddish surname Kaufmann, and whose English- Hebrew dictionary was known as the" Kaufmann Dictionary".
Seward was born in 1801 in the village of Florida, in Orange County, New York State, where his father was a farmer and owned slaves.
In November 2017, he was sentenced to two to four years in prison for violating parole and served five months at the State Correctional Institution – Chester in Chester, Pennsylvania, before being released while his trial continues.
Rozstanie( English title:" Goodbye to the Past") is a Polish psychological melodrama film released in 1961, directed by Wojciech Jerzy Has.
Records, Doggystyle Records.
According to one count, he spoke 29 European, Asian and African languages.
Eldar Alexandrovich Ryazanov( 18 November 1927 – 30 November 2015) was a Soviet and Russian film director and screenwriter whose popular comedies, satirizing the daily life of the Soviet Union and Russia, are celebrated throughout the former Soviet Union.
It is the third installment in the original" Star Wars" trilogy, the third film to be produced, and sixth film in the" Skywalker saga".
His only legitimate child, Ada Lovelace, is regarded as a foundational figure in the field of computer programming based on her notes for Charles Babbage's Analytical Engine.
The merger was approved in September 2017, with Sprint becoming the majority shareholder.
Her forename is sometimes spelled "Tecla".
Eddie Murphy, who also produced and stars in the film, wrote the film's script, alongside Vernon Lynch and Murphy's older brother Charles Q. Murphy.
His father was previously married to Anne Woodville, a daughter of Richard Woodville, 1st Earl Rivers and Jacquetta of Luxembourg.
Tonight You Look Like a Spider", was released in June 2013 on Joyful Noise Records.
Nero's mother, Agrippina the Younger, was likely implicated in Claudius' death and Nero's nomination as emperor.
He was born the only son of Charles Grey, 7th Earl of Kent and his wife Susan Cotton and educated at Trinity College, Cambridge.
Most of Fregonese's American films were Westerns and crime melodramas, like" Man in the Attic"( 1953)" and Black Tuesday"( 1954).
Edward F. Reilly( March 7, 1856 in New York City – September 28, 1890 in New York City) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Les Grands Ducs
She was the first wife of Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland, and the grandmother of the 2nd Earl.
Lu Kang( born May 1968) is a Chinese diplomat who currently serves as the Director of the Department of North American and Oceanian Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China.
She also received nominations for Best Editing at the IF Awards, Best Film, Best Direction and Best Original Screenplay at the AFI Awards, and for Best Director, Best Film and Best Screenplay at the FCCA awards She followed up The Jammed with 2012's 10Terrorists.
It was released in February 1989 as the second single from their album "Solid as a Rock".
Houghton claims her success as an independent artist to be because of" Team Tiff," her army of loyal fans turned into friends both in and out of the music industry.
The show was produced by Jupiter Entertainment.
Thieves  is a 1996 French drama film directed by André Téchiné, starring Daniel Auteuil, Catherine Deneuve and Laurence Côte.
He died in 1473, unmarried, and was succeeded by his nephew, René II, Duke of Lorraine.
Blush ("Barash") is a 2015 Israeli drama film about teenage lesbian girls.
Born c. 1285 at Carrick, Ayrshire, Scotland he was the fourth son of Robert de Brus, 6th Lord of Annandale and Margaret, Countess Of Carrick.
Ethnic Notions is a 1987 documentary film directed by Marlon Riggs.
Composed in E-flat minor, Mingus wrote it as an elegy for saxophonist Lester Young, who had died two months prior to the recording session, and was known to wear a pork pie hat.
Paget was the second son of Field Marshal Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey, by his first wife Lady Caroline Elizabeth, daughter of George Villiers, 4th Earl of Jersey, and Frances Villiers, Countess of Jersey.
Hafsa Hatun was the wife of Sultan Bayezid I of the Ottoman Empire.
GO Air Express operated briefly from November 2002 to April 2003 with flights to Toronto.
Grage stopped speed skating in 2011 and started competing in cycling.
Between 1892 and 1894 he was arrested three times on charges of attempting to procure abortions.
John Mackay( 1656–1754), known as( The Blind Piper), was a Scottish Gaelic poet and composer, and the grandfather of William Ross.
Veit Amerbach( also Vitus Amerpachius)( born in 1503 in Wemding, Germany- died on September 13, 1557 in Ingolstadt, Germany), was a German Lutheran theologian, scholar and humanist, who converted to Catholicism.
Beginning in the late 1980s he was one of the most prolific working film directors and made an average of one film per year past the age of 100.
He was born in the House of Nassau as Count of Nassau-Dillenburg.
Twelfth Night( transliteration" Dvenadtsataya noch") is a 1955 Soviet comedy film by Lenfilm based on Shakespeare's play" Twelfth Night, or What You Will".
Bergman directed over sixty films and documentaries for cinematic release and for television screenings, most of which he also wrote.
In 2004, Ray was ranked number 13 in BBC's poll of the Greatest Bengali of all time.
It subsequently screened at fourteen film festivals and won" Best Documentary" awards at the Landlocked Film Festival and the Illinois International Film Festival.
He worked as an assistant to Géza von Bolváry.
The film premiered at the San Diego Black Film Festival in January 2013 and in 2015, Zuberi published a companion book through Rowman& Littlefield.
His writings included "Epigramas latinos del humanista giennense D. Diego de Benavides y de la Cueva" (Latin epigrams) and "Horae succisiuae siue Elucubrationes".
Ansur's only known daughter, Teresa, married Ramiro II's son Sancho I and was the mother of Ramiro III.
Edward, Duke of Guelders (12 March 1336 – 24 August 1371), Duke of Guelders and Count of Zutphen (1361–1371) was the youngest son of Rainald II of Guelders and his second wife, Eleanor of Woodstock, daughter of Edward II of England.
He worked as a Supreme Court barrister from 1905, district stipendiary magistrate(" sorenskriver") from 1912 to 1927 and acting professor of jurisprudence from 1931 to 1932.
As a fan of rock music, he has directed several documentaries on the subject, including" The Last Waltz"( 1978)," No Direction Home"( 2005)," Shine a Light"( 2008),( 2011), and( 2019).
Antonia's Line( Original title: Antonia) is a 1995 Dutch feminist film written and directed by Marleen Gorris.
Dance of Death, also called" Danse Macabre", is a late- medieval allegory of the universality of death.
He died on March 20, 1990, at his home in Bordeaux after a long illness.
In December 2011, she won a silver medal on the 3 km in a time of 3.49 at the Danish Championships in track cycling.
She died in Oakland, California.
Bing Crosby sang the song in" The Big Broadcast of 1936".
It can also refer to:
But in 1986 he travelled to Nicaragua, and since then the focus of Gittoes ’ work has been largely international.
Fans of his previous work will probably enjoy this just fine, while new listeners can at least get a glimpse into the underground West Coast scene."
Marisa Tayui( 田結 万里紗) is a Japanese American actress.
The film was produced in 1944, towards the end of the Second World War, but was not given a release until DEFA in the Soviet Zone distributed it four years later.
The final edition contained this note:
After his appointment, Fulco appears in sources only once.
The school is a mission school partially owned by the government.
Transatlantic Review was a literary journal founded and edited by Joseph F. McCrindle in 1959, and published at first in Rome, then London and New York.
("Mohammed bin Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani"), is the son of Sheikh Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani.
Cherry FM radio station, owned by Zay Zin Latt, was pressured to suspend its operation after her father in law Shwe Mann was purged from USDP Chairman post in August 2015.
It was directed by Henry Koster and produced by Charles Brackett from a screenplay by Ivan Moffat and Harry Brown, based on the novel," The Sixth of June" by Lionel Shapiro.
He began his career with short films featuring the Sex Pistols, and has continued with various off- beat projects, including" The Great Rock' n' Roll SwindleAbsolute Beginners" and a documentary film about" Glastonbury".
Dmitri Nikolayevich Varfolomeyev( born 15 March 1978 in Leningrad) is a former Russian football player.
(the Serbs had established themselves there under Dušan), Stephen, a son of Simeon Uroš.
Wang Xiaoshuai (born May 22, 1966) is a Chinese film director, screenwriter and occasional actor.
Diary of a Wimpy
Marlowe worked with Frank Parker(" Moonlight and Roses") and was married to the television producer Larry Puck.
Located in Peliyagoda, it is nearly 150 years old.
However, Turner Classic Movies airing the film over Christmas has led to it becoming a minor holiday classic.
His art and his story have become well known throughout Canada.
Her other popular recordings include" All of Me( Boy Oh Boy) My ChicoLike a Yo- YoGringoSiamo donne" and" Call Me".
Following the Dissolution of the Monasteries, the King granted Brereton the assets of Newnham Priory and Chester Priory.
It was the fourth of five albums released by the band in 2017.
Adam has also performed with such artists as Kenny Chesney, Clint Black, Vince Gill, Dolly Parton, The Dixie Chicks, James Taylor, Rhonda Vincent, Ronnie Bowman, Jim Mills, and others.
Frederick IV Charles Louis William of Hesse- Homburg( 15 April 1724 in Braunfels – 7 February 1751 in Bad Homburg), was Landgrave of Hesse- Homburg.
Erzincan Airport is an airport located in Erzincan, Turkey.
Jeremy Gordon Norman is a British journalist.
The album came out on August 17, 2018 ..
Marsha Dietlein( born 1965) is an American actress best known for her role as Lucy Wilson in the 1988 zombie horror film" Return of the Living Dead Part II".
Before ill health forced him to resign, he was an important member of Churchill's war cabinet as Lord President of the Council, heading the Cabinet in the new premier's absence.
Very attractive, she had a turbulent love life and was frequently part of scandals during the reign of her father Louis XIV.
His populist and authoritarian reforms angered the elites, who began to conspire against him.
One and Five is a 1969 short film from Egypt.
Waleran I of Luxembourg( died 5 June 1288 in the Battle of Worringen) was since 1281 Lord of Ligny and La Roche.
In 1913, he assumed the additional surname of Armstrong, which had been the maiden name of his wife's mother, Jane Armstrong Roberts, because he wanted to distinguish himself from another prominent Robert Jones of the time.
The film's cast includes Erik Berg, Eliza Bronte, Avery Medina, Myles Taylor and Anna Valencia.
Happy Mother's Day, Love George (also known Run Stranger, Run) is a 1973 American mystery film produced and directed by Darren McGavin.
Ernst I, Duke of Saxe- Altenburg( German: Ernst I. Friedrich Paul Georg Nikolaus von Sachsen- Altenburg)( 16 September 1826 in Hildburghausen – 7 February 1908 in Altenburg), was a duke of Saxe- Altenburg.
Florence Jaugey (born 22 June 1959) is a French movie director, actress, producer, and screenwriter who lives in Nicaragua.
His regular position was as a forward.
Costumes are by Pierre Balmain.
Tendayi Jembere aka TJ
He was general manager of the Bank of Montreal.
Hope was admitted to the Royal Institute of British Architects as a licentiate in July 1911 after being proposed by his partner John Bradshaw Gass and Paul Ogden.
Capellani returned to France in 1923, where he floated several new film projects but was unable to bring any to fruition.
On 26 July 1901, he was made a Deputy Lieutenant of Bedfordshire.
He was smothered in a downy robe( or, as others say, frozen in a bed of ice); and the body was then exposed before the Court, as if, being without mark of violence, he had died a natural death,( a transparent subterfuge).
In 2016, Minaj was included on the annual "Time" 100 list of the most influential people in the world.
Richard Samuel Attenborough, Baron Attenborough (29 August 1923 – 24 August 2014) was an English actor, filmmaker, entrepreneur, and politician.
Véra Norman is a retired French film actress.
He was the son of Duke John I of Lorraine and younger brother of Charles II.
Marie Elisabeth Luise Amalie Elvire Blanche Eleonore; 31 August 1863 – 26 February 1924) was the third child and eldest daughter of Prince Adalbert of Bavaria and his wife Infanta Amalia of Spain.
The main content on the Open Access channels were old films, broadcast under the" Hollywood Classics Network" brand, which appeared to be a separate operation with a postal address in Brixworth, Northamptonshire.
It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
He is buried in the Kloster Graefenthal.
Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern  (30 August 1891 in Heiligendamm, Mecklenburg-Schwerin – 6 February 1965 in Krauchenwies, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was the eldest son of William, Prince of Hohenzollern and Princess Maria Teresa of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
He started a military campaign which eventually forced the duchess to renounce her marriage.
He has also directed two Tamil movies.
Allen worked mainly in the United States, working on Broadway and directing 18 feature films between 1944 and 1959.
It was chosen by the National Board of Review as one of the top ten films of 2011, while DiCaprio earned a nomination for a Golden Globe Award and both he and Hammer earned Screen Actors Guild Award nods.
He died without heirs, and she married secondly Roger Wentworth of Nettlestead, Esq.( d.1452), son of John Wentworth of North Elmsall.
Eleanor died in 1404.
Bernhard VI, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg( died 2 February 1468) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the Principality of Anhalt- Bernburg.
Among other honors, he was Knight of Santiago and Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic.
He represents Hordaland in the Norwegian Parliament, where he meets in the place of Anne- Grete Strøm- Erichsen, who was appointed to a government position.
Some of the Chinese community in Cebu demanded that it be removed from jukeboxes but according to Villame, a plan to bring the case to court failed because the complainants could not find a single Chinese word in the song.
The live performances of the song were heavily praised by music critics and fans.
Douglas Tait is a Canadian children's book illustrator.
Frank Powell (born Francis William Powell, May 8, 1877) was a Canadian-born stage and silent film actor, director, producer, and screenwriter who worked predominantly in the United States.
On his death, the barony of Strange fell into abeyance while the barony of Percy was passed on to his kinsman Hugh Percy, 10th Duke of Northumberland.
Saturday Night Live, Derrick Comedy, BriTANicK, and Good Neighbor.
Ambesser's father was Alexander Constantin von Oesterreich.
When he died in 1461, Cardinal d'Albret was buried at Santa Maria in Aracoeli in Rome on a tomb by Andrea Bregno.
Nur ad- Din's general Saladin had meanwhile gained control over Egypt, and claimed Damascus as his successor; he legitimized this claim by marrying Ismat at- Din in 1176.
Stockholmsnatt( English:" Stockholm Night" or" The King of Kungsan") is a Swedish drama film which was released to cinemas in Sweden on 23 January 1987, directed by Staffan Hildebrand.
Anne Isabella Noel Byron, 11th Baroness Wentworth and Baroness Byron
Miguel Pedrorena, Sr. or Miguel de Pedrorena, Sr.( c. 1808–1850) was an early settler of San Diego, California.
Sir Richard Francis Burton (19 March 1821 – 20 October 1890) was a British explorer, geographer, translator, writer, soldier, orientalist, cartographer, ethnologist, spy, linguist, poet, fencer and diplomat.
The film was released on video on demand on May 19, 2015, before a limited release on June 26, 2015.
The Song of the Nations( German: Das Lied der Nationen) is a 1931 German musical film directed by Rudolf Meinert and starring Camilla Horn, Igo Sym and Betty Amann.
Reagan was just starting out his film career and commented later that during that period, he was a B movie "Errol Flynn".
She was playing for Coorparoo in the AFL Queensland Women's League when she was drafted by with the 61st pick in the 2018 AFL Women's draft.
Hugh and Alice had at least nine children:
It is on the Panskura- Haldia line.
The film received positive reviews.
Linda Miller( born 1961) is an American civil engineer who works for Bechtel.
Elen ferch Llywelyn, daughter of Llywelyn the Great, in about 1222.
It is directed by Maurice Carvajal, Anton Juan& Frank Rivera.
City Confidential is an American documentary television show, originally transmitted on the A&E Network, which singled out a community during each episode and investigated a crime that had occurred there.
It was made in Hamburg in the British Zone of Occupation.
He was student of the Inner Temple in 1642.
Flirting with Anthony is a 2005 released film written and directed by Christian Calson.
A separate French- language version" La chanson des nations" was also produced.
With Ximen Bao installed as magistrate of Ye( in modern- day Hebei Province), Běimén Kě in control of Suanzao and Zhai Huang as Senior Minister, Wei underwent political reforms and constructed irrigation systems.
The film, written by Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski, spans about 35 years of Flynt's life, from his impoverished upbringing in Kentucky to his court battle with Reverend Jerry Falwell, and is based in part on the U.S. Supreme Court case" Hustler Magazine v. Falwell".
The Cannibals  is a 1988 Portuguese drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira.
Ludwig Philipp Maria Friedrich Joseph Maximilian Antonius Ignatius Lamoral, Prinz von Thurn und Taxis", also "Louis Philippe" (2 February 1901, Regensburg, Kingdom of Bavaria – 22 April 1933, Schloss Niederaichbach, Niederaichbach, Bavaria, Germany) was a member of the House of Thurn and Taxis and a Prince of Thurn and Taxis by birth.
Albert Frederick Broomham( 1885–1948) was a pioneer Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1900s and 1910s.
James Dean:
It was shot in 1982 but not released until 1986.
Mostar is a monthly magazine of culture and actuality.
Today it remains a highly popular New Year's Eve classic in Russia and the post -Soviet space.
He was the nephew of King Frederick I of Prussia.
Caesar's adopted heir Octavian, later known as Augustus, rose to sole power after defeating his opponents in the civil war.
It also reached No. 1 on the Canadian AC chart.
Liborius of Le Mans( c. 348–397) was the second Bishop of Le Mans.
The Trouble With You is a 2018 French film directed by Pierre Salvadori.
Lin joined the People's Liberation Army Air Force in 1967 and was promoted to the deputy director of the Office of the Air Force Command in 1969.
"Playtime Is Over" (2007), "Sucka Free" (2008), and "Beam Me
" The Phantom" also stars Treat Williams, Kristy Swanson, Catherine Zeta- Jones, James Remar and Patrick McGoohan.
Kenton and Edward Ludwig were the principal directors of the 1958-1960 CBS television series,
Prince Aloys of Liechtenstein( Aloys Gonzaga Maria Adolf; 17 June 1869 in Hollenegg – 16 March 1955 in Vaduz) was the son of Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein( 1842–1907) and Princess Henriette of Liechtenstein( 1843 – 1931), daughter of Alois II of Liechtenstein.
He has been described as" the godfather of happiness studies", and" a leading authority on worldwide levels of happiness from country to country", whose work" earned him international acclaim".
Missoffe was Ambassador to Japan from 1964 to 1966.
Seward was elected to the New York State Senate in 1830 as an Anti-Mason.
Don Antonio de Benavides y Fernández de Navarrete (Baeza, Spain, 20 June 1807 – Madrid, Spain, 23 January 1884) was a Spanish noble, historian and politician who served as Minister of State between 1864 and 1865, in the reign of Queen Isabella II of Spain.
The film opens in the Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico in the summer of 2015.
She was the main playback singer for the Sham Benegal's film, "Sardari Begum".
Charles Herbert Hudson( 1872 – 1955) was an English professional footballer who played as a full- back.
Plan 10 from Outer Space is a 1994 low budget science fiction film starring Karen Black and written and directed by Trent Harris.
Goodbye to You may refer to:
After Scullin had won a landslide election in 1929, events took a dramatic change with the crisis on Wall Street and the rapid onset of the Great Depression around the world, which hit heavily indebted Australia hard.
Christiane Susanne Kubrick (née Harlan; born 10 May 1932) is a German actress, dancer, painter, and singer.
Nayelly Hernández( born 23 February 1986) is a former Mexican female professional squash player.
He also served as Lord Lieutenant of Buckinghamshire following his father's death in 1686 but was dismissed after his first period in office by King James II for refusing to produce a list of Roman Catholics to serve as officers of the militia.
The film's sets were designed by the art director José Rodríguez Granada.
Burton L. King( August 25, 1877 – May 4, 1944) was an American film actor and director.
Arthur Neville Chamberlain (18 March 18699 November 1940) was a British Conservative statesman who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from May 1937 to May 1940.
She was the daughter of Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor and Anna of Bohemia and Hungary.
This was Croatia's debut as an independent nation in the Eurovision Song Contest.
En varg söker sin flock" (1989; "A Wolf in Search of his Pack")
Secret of Treasure Mountain is a 1956 American Western film directed by Seymour Friedman and written by David Lang.
The film was produced on a budget of$ 30 million and grossed over$ 75 million at the box office during its six- week run starting on October 19, 2007.
She inherited, and her son through her, the county of Monzón after the death of Ansur's eldest son and successor, Fernando, in 978.
Zombie returned to music with the release of his fourth studio album," Hellbilly Deluxe 2"( 2010).
Dodo was known to have been at the siege of Nicaea in 1097.
He is married to classical singer Arati Ankalikar- Tikekar, who is a 2- time National Film Award winner.
After the death of her son Calvin in 1924, she won the sympathy of the country.
It is the second installment in the" Indiana Jones" franchise and a prequel to the 1981 film" Raiders of the Lost Ark", featuring Harrison Ford reprising his role as the title character.
Prince Julius of Schleswig-Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg( 14 October 1824, Gottorp, Schleswig, Duchy of Schleswig – 1 June 1903, Itzehoe, Schleswig- Holstein, Germany) was the eighth of the ten children of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg and Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse- Kassel.
Sidney Gilliat directed the film from a screenplay by Bryan Forbes.
He starred in the film" Struggle for Eagle Peak", which was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
He crossed the Yangtze River in 1949, decisively defeated the Kuomintang and took control of the coastal provinces in Southeast China.
Their attempts to amass power as "Populares" were opposed by the "Optimates" within the Roman Senate,
Anne Yelverton( 1628–1698) was Countess of Manchester and Countess of Halifax.
He was a nephew of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia.
As of 2018, Someone Like You has sold over 17 million copies worldwide making it one of the best-selling digital single of all-time.
King Gizzard& the Lizard Wizard is an Australian rock band formed in 2010 in Melbourne, Victoria.
Anne Russell, Duchess of Bedford( c.1705 – 16 June 1762), formerly Lady Anne Egerton, was the wife of Wriothesley Russell, 3rd Duke of Bedford, and, following his death, of William Villiers, 3rd Earl of Jersey.
It is available in Hindi and Tibetan( with English subtitles).
Imagen y Poesía"  was published in 2006 by the newspaper "La Nación" and the Aguilar editorial house.
He implemented sweeping economic policies in Portugal to regulate commercial activity and standardise quality throughout the country, and was instrumental in weakening the grip of the Inquisition.
Palissery Narayanankutty Menon alias P. N. Menon( 1928 – 9 September 2008) was an Indian film director and art director in Malayalam cinema.
Evans also portrayed the vampire Dracula in the character's film origin story," Dracula Untold".
He was the leading opponent of the Jesuits across Europe.
His brother was Thomas Nugent, 1st Baron Nugent of Riverston.
The location now lies within the present- day Kankakee River State Park, close to the mouth of Rock Creek on Kankakee River.
Three Girls About Town is a 1941 Columbia comedy film directed by Leigh Jason and starring Joan Blondell, Binnie Barnes and Janet Blair( in her film debut).
Flirting with Love is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by John Francis Dillon and starring Colleen Moore, Conway Tearle and Winifred Bryson.
Project Moonbase (a.k.a. Project Moon Base) is a 1953 independently made black-and-white science fiction film, produced by Jack Seaman, directed by Richard Talmadge, and starring Ross Ford, Donna Martell, Hayden Rorke.
Jutta Wachowiak( born 13 December 1940) is a German actress.
Charles Louis, Count of Nassau- Saarbrücken
She is also often known simply as Jesse Wardlaw.
Marie Louise Coidavid( 1778 – March 11, 1851), was the Queen of the Kingdom of Haiti 1811 – 20 as the spouse of Henri I of Haiti.
Ginevra degli Almieri is a 1935 Italian historical drama film directed by Guido Brignone and starring Elsa Merlini, Amedeo Nazzari and Uberto Palmarini.
Nazzari went on to be a leading star of Italian cinema.
He is a younger brother of Denis Shunto, who is a founder and former president of Krumkachy Minsk.
Has the World Gone Mad!
( 5 November 1904 – 9 July 1958) was an Argentine film actress and tango performer of the 1930s and 1940s.
The film stars James Marsden, Thomas Jane, Billy Bob Thornton, Piper Perabo and Scott Glenn.
Disgraced!
Neferneferure (14th century BCE) was an Ancient Egyptian princess of the 18th dynasty.
Evil Brain from Outer Space is a 1964 film edited together for American television from films# 7,# 8 and# 9 of the 1957/1958 Japanese Super Giant film series.
From December 2008 to 2014, he was married to Mexican singer and actress Lisset.
Regina Cassandra is an Indian film actress, active primarily in Tamil and Telugu films.
James Stewart (or Stuart), 2nd Lord Doune and 2nd Earl of Moray (c. 1565 – 7 February 1591/2) was a Scottish nobleman, the son of James Stewart, 1st Lord Doune and Margaret Campbell.
Fruit Chan Gor (born 15 April 1959) is a Hong Kong Second Wave screenwriter, filmmaker and producer, who is best known for his style of film reflecting the everyday life of Hong Kong people.
Investment (Marathi) is a 2013 Marathi film written and directed by Ratnakar Matkari and produced by Pratibha Matkari for Mahadwar Productions.
She is known for her albums "Tejomay NadbrahmRaag-Rang", and, playback for the movies "AntarnaadDe dhakkaSavlee", and the hit "Sardari BegumEk Hazarachi Note".
Jean- Pierre Sylvestre de Grateloup( 31 December 1782 – 25 August 1862) was a French physician and naturalist.
When his second cousin, Count George August Samuel of Nassau- Idstein, died in 1721, he took up government in Nassau- Idstein- Wiesbaden, jointly with his cousin Frederick Louis of Nassau- Ottweiler.
The position of Duke of Lower Lorraine remained vacant between Richar's death and Charles' ascent.
Przecław of Pogarell( 5 May 1310 – 6 April 1376) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Bishop of Wrocław from 1342- 1376.
She was an older sister of Henry of Stolberg- Wernigerode.
Sir Thomas de Brus( c. 1284 – 9 February 1307) was a younger brother and supporter of King Robert I of Scotland, in the struggle against the English conquest.
Anderson's role of an African princess won her a NAACP Image Award for Best Actress in 1973.
From 1706 to 1712 he was Count of Waldeck and Pyrmont.
Caroline of Stolberg- Gedern( 27 June 1732 in Gedern – 28 May 1796 in Langenburg) was a Princess of Stolberg- Gerdern by birth and by marriage a princess of Hohenlohe- Langenburg.
(November 26, 1288 – September 19, 1339) was the 96th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.
Through her maternal grandmother, Margaret Pole, 8th Countess of Salisbury, Dorothy had a claim to the English throne.
Born in Vienna,
He was Earl of Hereford and Hereditary Constable of England from 1199 to 1220.
Kar Gaye( translation:" You Made Me Crazy") is a 2006 Indian Hindi romantic drama film directed by Raj Kanwar, produced by Raj Kanwar, Bhushan Kumar& Krishan Kumar and starring Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif in the lead roles.
" Det var en gång en fågel" is the debut single by Swedish band Laser Inc, which was released in 2007 by Warner Music Sweden.
George Mather Richards( 1880- 1958) was an illustrator and painter in the 1900s.
Before his attendance at the Toronto screening of Bond of Strangers, he told the Toronto Sun, "the discussion of the war and Canada always ends up with Normandy.
It is unrelated to the French erotic drama" Le journal intime d' une nymphomane
Antel would recount an anecdote about himself describing how, in order to live up to his reputation as a womanizer, he used to carry a pair of high heels in his luggage which he then would occasionally place in the corridor in front of his hotel room – especially when he was travelling alone.
He was succeeded by Winston Churchill but remained very well regarded in Parliament, especially among Conservatives.
Denise Boutte is an American actress and model, who has appeared in the films" Why Did I Get Married?" as Trina,, as Mandy," Sister's Keeper" and" Noah's Arc".
Mi madrecita(" My Dear Mother") is a 1940 Mexican film.
In 1969, he started the Plastic Ono Band with his second wife, Yoko Ono.
And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?", as well as the theatrical animated feature" Twice Upon a Time".
He was the stepfather of film director Anthony Harvey.
The film stars Bob Baker, Marjorie Reynolds, Wally Wales, Jack Rockwell, Forrest Taylor and Glenn Strange.
She is iconic to 1940s and 50s Spanish cinema.
The film had musical score by G. Devarajan.
Peter Greenaway, (born 5 April 1942 in Newport, Wales) is a British film director, screenwriter, and artist.
He was a regular in Punjabi films of the 1980s.
Joan of Acre (April 1272 – 23 April 1307) was an English princess, a daughter of King Edward I of England and Queen Eleanor of Castile.
He founded the House of Vaudémont, a junior branch of the House of Lorraine.
He never actually reigned, because the country was occupied by French revolutionary troops from 1793 until after his death.
Colcord died on June 6, 1952 in Los Angeles at the age of 78.
Roy Rogers and Dale Evans recorded the song with vocal quartet and orchestra on March 3, 1950.
He appeared as a stage actor in the Hamburg Kammerspiele, and went on to play in the Stadttheater Augsburg, the Münchner Kammerspiele, from 1937 the Deutsche Theater Berlin, from 1942 the Staatstheater Berlin, and the Theater in der Josefstadt in Vienna.
Süleyman Çelebi died in 1410 and his successor, Musa Çelebi, renewed the war on Bodonitsa almost immediately.
His production company is called Rebel Film.
In 1336 he visited Bologna to study.
Jedi are the fictional adherents of the warrior discipline in" Star Wars" films.
He directed 63 films between 1920 and 1958.
Now Where Did the 7th Company Get To? is a 1973 French- Italian comedy war film directed by Robert Lamoureux.
Dorothy (Dorelia) McNeill (19 December 1881 – 23 July 1969) was best known as a model for the Welsh artists Gwen John and Augustus John, was the common-law wife of the latter, and has been credited for inspiring "his first unequivocally personal work".
James Love( born 20 October 1987) is an English rugby union player who currently plays for London Scottish.
Jeffrey Todd Garlin( born June 5, 1962) is an American comedian and actor.
He is also a film publicist.
Willie Nelson recorded the song on his 1976 gospel album" The Troublemaker".
Mary Frances Moore( March 6, 1922 – July 12, 1962) was a pitcher who played in the All- American Girls Professional Baseball League.
Several rising actors and actresses (including Vivien Leigh) made their film debuts in some of his films before they rose to prominence.
He married Adelaide( Alix)( 1068- 1124), daughter of Albert III, Count of Namur and Ida of Saxony( widow of Frederick of Lower Lorraine), who gave birth to: Ida( also known as Ida of Namur) and Godfrey( also known as Godfrey the Bearded, not to be confused with the uncle of his father Henry II, Godfrey) were parents of Adeliza of Louvain, wife of Henry I, King of England.
Costigan left Scott Free to work full- time as a film producer.
A Regular Officer, on 29 August 1914 he was promoted to Temporary Lieutenant.
Anna, Stephen and Klara; however, other sources claim that Klara was the couple's only child.
At the time of his birth in 1961, he was fifth.
She was the sister of Elena Bozán.
He is the father- in- law of actor and TV presenter Warwick Davis.
Lin Biao (December 5, 1907 – September 13, 1971) was a Marshal of the People's Republic of China who was pivotal in the Communist victory in the Chinese Civil War, especially in Northeast China.
He was the second son of Bolko I the Strict, Duke of Jawor- Lwówek- Świdnica- Ziębice, by his wife Beatrix, daughter of Otto V the Long, Margrave of Brandenburg- Salzwedel.
He directed the movies with popular heroes of today including N.T.R, Chiranjeevi, Krishna( Telugu actor), Shoban Babu, Chandra Mohan, Murali Mohan.
In 1940, in the southern zone, he participated with Paul Legros( general director) and Pierre Gérin( deputy director), at the founding of the artistic and technical center of the young people of the cinema of which he ensures the artistic direction.
Two Sicilies – 23 August 1874, Pau, Armagnac, France) was the youngest daughter of King Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies and his wife Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria.
In 1951, he was invited to design a pavilion for the Festival of Britain.
One of his best- known productions was" The Lost Battalion"( 1919).
William Henry Wilkins wrote: "So far as I can gather from all I have learned, the chief value of Burton’s version of "The Scented Garden" lay not so much in his translation of the text, though that of course was admirably done, as in the copious notes and explanations which he had gathered together for the purpose of annotating the book.
John Farrell is the director of YouTube in Latin America.
He was martyred near Mechelen by two men, whom he had denounced for their evil ways.
Dominique You or Youx (born Frederic You or Youx, c. 1775 – November 15, 1830) was a privateer, soldier, and politician.
Petanqui (original title: Pétanqui (Le droit à la vie)
His daughter Elizabeth married John Egerton, 3rd Earl of Bridgewater.
Bossa nova historian Ruy Castro relates a story of how Jobim and Duran wrote the song: "The two of them had met by chance at Rádio Nacional, and Jobim had shown her the song, which didn't yet have any lyrics--
He entered the Third Crusade alongside Emperor Frederick I Barbarossa, dying in transit in Belgrade.
The most reliable account of his end is that of the first century historian Josephus, who wrote that AntiochusX marched east to fight off the Parthians who were attacking a queen called Laodice; the identity of this queen and who her people were continues to be debated.
Founded Albion Productions, a film production company, in 1922.
Captain Cory- Wright was killed in action on 26 June 1944, aged 27, at Saint- Manvieu, Normandy in France, when Richard was only six months old.
Sharp also directed the sequel" The Brides of Fu Manchu"( 1966).
With this in mind, there are no save game functions, but the player's position is automatically bookmarked and restored when the game is restarted.
Sancha of Portugal( 1180 in Coimbra – 13 March 1229 in Celas Monastery), was a Portuguese" infanta", second daughter of King Sancho I of Portugal and Dulce of Aragon.
Anna Amalia of Baden- Durlach( born: 9 July 1595; died: 18 November 1651 in Saarbrücken) was a Countess of Nassau- Saarbrücken by marriage to William Louis, Count of Nassau- Saarbrücken, and regent of Nassau- Saarbrücken during the minority of her son from 1640.
" Secret of the Tomb" grossed over$ 363 million at the box office.
kjønnsroller og sosial struktur" in 1974.
He is buried with third wife, German actress Margarete Schön, at the Friedhof Heerstraße cemetery in Berlin-Westend.
The couple divorced in 1936.
Gerhard died in 1461 without children and the County of Mark and Duchy of Cleves were reunited again in a personal union under John I.
The song earned the singer a Grammy Award for Best Gospel Performance/ Song.
Wenceslaus I, Duke of Legnica( ca. 1318 – 2 June 1364) was a Duke of Namysłów from 1338 and of Legnica- Brieg from 1342 until his death, but with further divisions with his brother Louis I.
He was Jewish.
His debut was the 1926 film serial "Fighting with Buffalo Bill".
Near Sarkadkeresztúr it joins the" Hosszúfok- Határér- Kölesér" canal, which discharges into the Körös north of Békés.
He was born to the style of a Serene Highness and Prince of Liechtenstein, and is additionally a Count of Rietberg.
The Last Word is a 1979 film starring Richard Harris.
The Mark of Cain is a 2000 documentary film on Russian criminal tattoos directed by Alix Lambert.
The marriage was not a success, and the couple were childless.
It was the twenty-first sound serial released by Universal, of the sixty-nine they released in total (it was the eighty-ninth serial if Universal's silent serials are considered as well, of a total of 137 serials).
She was the daughter of Prince Bohemond IV of Antioch and his second wife Melisende de Lusignan.
Hadvide accompanied her husband on the First Crusade.
Following its critically heralded New York premiere," Christine Jorgensen Reveals" played to great acclaim in Edinburgh, Scotland, at the Festival Fringe; in Boston, Massachusetts, at the Boston Center for the Arts; and in Dublin, Ireland, at The Project Arts Centre.
It was praised for its special effects, performances, sense of spectacle and comparison to the 1933 original while some criticised its 3- hour run time.
St John married Helen Charlotte Thornton in 1869 and had a very large family.
The film is a loose adaptation of the Rankin/ Bass Productions Saturday morning cartoon series" The King Kong Show" and was the second and final Toho- produced film featuring King Kong.
Ferdinando Arborio Gattinara di Breme( or François de Brême, or François Gattineau de Brême, or Ferdinando Arborio di Gattinara), Duc de Sartirana Lomellina, marquis de Breme( 30 April 1807 in Milan – 23 January 1869 in Florence) was an Italian naturalist and entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera and Diptera.
Osmondagi bolalar is a 2002 Uzbek comedy film.
Friedrich Anton Ulrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont( 27 November 16761 January 1728) was the first reigning Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1712 to 1728.
Princess Thyra of Denmark and Iceland (Thyra Louise Caroline
In 1967 he graduated from the National Film School in Łódź.
( EYD: Lolo Sutoro;; 2 January 1935 – 2 March 1987), also known as Lolo Soetoro Mangunharjo or Mangundikardjo, of Indonesia was the stepfather of Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States.
Cry, Onion!( lit." Onion Colt", also known as" The Smell of Onion") is a 1975 Spaghetti Western comedy film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.
Karl Wilhelm, also Carl Wilhelm( 5 September 1815, Schmalkalden – 26 August 1873, Schmalkalden) was a German choral director.
and then Leader of the Opposition in 1928.
What is True?,
Vasili Vladimirovich Pichul( 15 June 1961 – 26 July 2015) was a Soviet and Russian film director, best known for his film" Little Vera"( Маленькая Вера," Malenkaya Vera" in Russian), released in 1988.
Philip E. Rosen( May 8, 1888 – October 22, 1951) was an American film director and cinematographer.
He made his breakthrough portraying Siva, a hopeless college romantic, in Balaji Mohan's bilingual film," Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi"( 2012), winning critical acclaim for his portrayal.
Warren has written nine number-one songs and 32 top 10 songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.
Philip French referred to Bergman as "one of the greatest artists of the 20th century ...
He was the eldest son of Casimir II, Duke of Cieszyn, by his wife Johanna, daughter of Wiktoryn of Poděbrady, Duke of Opawa.
He died on 9 September 1891 at age 47.
Lord Rosehill, as he then was, was commissioned into the 1st Dragoons in 1862, but transferred to the Scots Fusilier Guards as a Lieutenant later the same year.
They operated the business through and after the Revolution, becoming quite prosperous until they died, Peter in 1786 and Curtis in 1789.
Virtually nothing is known about his rule in Chiny.
Grenfell- Baines's work for the Air Ministry during World War II brought him to the attention of Anthony Chitty and the London Modernists.
Zvi Hermann Schapira( 1840- 1898), or Hermann Hirsch Schapira, was a Russian mathematician and Zionist.
Claude of France (13 October 1499 – 20 July 1524) was a queen consort of France by marriage to Francis I.
Her party was called the" Bronckhorsters" and was led by Gijsbert V van Bronckhorst( 1328- 1356).
Albert Gordon MacRae( March 12, 1921 – January 24, 1986) was an American actor, singer and radio/ television host, who appeared in the film versions of two Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals," Oklahoma!"( 1955) and" Carousel"( 1956), and played the leading man of Doris Day in" On Moonlight Bay"( 1951) and sequel" By The Light of the Silvery Moon"( 1953).
He was succeeded in the dukedom of Atholl and in other Scottish titles by a distant relative, Iain Murray, 10th Duke of Atholl, his fourth cousin twice removed, who was descended from George Murray, Bishop of St David's, second son of the eighteenth century 3rd Duke.
He is a professor emeritus of mathematics at McGill University.
Papianilla was a Roman noblewoman
She was the daughter of Frederick II, Duke of Swabia and, through marriage to Matthias I duke of Lorraine, she was duchess of Lorraine( c.1138-1176).
He was born in London, England and he died in Hollywood, California.
Enraged by this predicament, the jealous Caliph had his brother, al- Mu'ayyad, being next heir to the throne, imprisoned along with another brother, Abu Ahmad, who had bravely led the troops in the late struggle on his side.
Kardam was born after the abolition of the Bulgarian monarchy.
Nefertiti and her husband were known for a religious revolution, in which they worshipped one god only, Aten, or the sun disc.
He played most of his career with Salamanca in Spain, appearing in nine La Liga seasons and more than 300 official games with the club.
Adam Purple( born David Lloyd Wilkie; November 10, 1930 – September 14, 2015) was an activist and urban Edenist or" Guerrilla Gardener" famous in New York City for his" Garden of Eden".
The second son of Mervyn Tuchet, 2nd Earl of Castlehaven, by his marriage to Elizabeth Barnham, and a younger brother of James Tuchet, 3rd Earl of Castlehaven, Touchet began life as George Tuchet in Stalbridge, Dorset.
Harry L. Franklin( September 5, 1880 – July 3, 1927) was a director of silent films in the United States.
Gold of the Amazon Women is a 1979 American TV film directed by Mark L. Lester.
He then became president at Scott Free Productions from 2005 to 2012.
Over one hundred Universities and colleges as well as some high schools use the pledge to some extent.
Since 1970, she lives at a small farm in Arbrå.
Reginald was overcome in Tiel and was imprisoned in the castle of Nijenbeek.
As a businessman, Rockefeller was president and later chair of Rockefeller Center, Inc., and he formed the International Basic Economy Corporation in 1947.
That's the Girl!"
In 2019, Del Rey also released the singles "Doin' Time" and "Don't Call Me Angel", the latter being a trio with Ariana Grande and Miley Cyrus.
In the same year, St. Mary ’s Residential Public School was founded by the brother of the late Chev.T.Thomas, the founder of St. Mary ’s group of Schools and colleges in Chennai.
He founded a theatre company in Catania in the early part of the 20th century.
His production company is WingNut Films, and his most regular collaborators are co-writers and producers Walsh and Philippa Boyens.
Giovanni Francesco Fara, after analysing the documents, placed the reign of one unnamed judge earlier than that of Marianus, and dated his to around 1050.
Original music for the film was composed by T Bone Burnett, Stephen Bruton, Ryan Bingham and others.
Gary Scott Winick( March 31, 1961 February 27, 2011) was an American filmmaker whose movies as a director include" Tadpole"( 2002) and" 13 Going on 30"( 2004), and who also produced such films as" Pieces of April"( 2003) and" November"( 2004) through his New York City- based independent film production company InDigEnt.
King for a Night is a 1933 American Pre- Code crime film directed by Kurt Neumann starring Chester Morris and Helen Twelvetrees.
Paul Anthony Sorvino (born April 13, 1939) is an American actor, opera singer, businessman, writer, and sculptor.
Prem Granth (English: "Scripture of Love") is a Hindi film which was released in India on 22 May 1996.
It was released on 7 March 2014 on Flightless.
She was a daughter of Mieszko III the Old, Duke of Greater Poland and from 1173 High Duke of Poland, by his first wife, Elisabeth, daughter of King Béla II of Hungary.
The film was released in 1984 by Essex Films.
Brian Burns—a young custodian who traveled to South Sudan in order to effect change there — supplies the arc in the film, and links the various stories together.
Ligia Grozav married Bara( born 26 January 1994) is a Romanian female high jumper, who won an individual gold medal at the Youth World Championships.
Pujut National Secondary School is a public secondary school in Miri, a city in the Malaysian state of Sarawak.
He was the son of King Hui of Wei.
Jay Roecker is an American record producer from Texas.
Rockefeller was chairman of the board of directors of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in 2010.
He was buried along with his wife, Iyneferti, and family in a tomb in the village necropolis.
Hope was a traditionalist, favouring a severe classical style derived from the later Georgian architects, with a strong dislike of Modernism; under his direction Bradshaw Gass& Hope continued to produce neo-Georgian designs until the 1960s.
The series received two Genie Award nominations at the 10th Genie Awards in 1989, for Best Original Screenplay (Fournier, Michel Cournot and Marie-José Raymond) and Best Costume Design (Christine Cost, Michèle Hamel).
This song is notable for exiting the" Billboard" Top 40 the week after it peaked, falling from No. 6 to No. 42 in September 1982.
Kelly is known for songs including
The film also gave a posthumous award to Rolando Tinio for Best story at the FAMAS Awards.
Eduard Karl Wilhelm Christian of Saxe- Altenburg( Hildburghausen, 3 July 1804 – Munich, 16 May 1852), was a German prince of the ducal house of Saxe- Hildburghausen( of Saxe- Altenburg from 1826).
Nutarariaq was nominated for Best Actor, and Anna Lambe was nominated for Best Supporting Actress.
Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark( born 11 May 1942) is the youngest child and second daughter of King Paul of Greece and his wife Princess Frederika of Hanover.
He was Count of Harcourt and Count of Aumale, as well as Baron of Elbeuf.
He was a “ sénateur ” of the Société entomologique de France and president of that society in 1844.
Captain Lord William Paget (1 March 1803 – 17 May 1873) was a British naval commander and Whig politician.
It followed" Boys( Summertime Love)" and" Hot Girl" into the Top 10 or Top 20 in practically every country in the European continent, and made the Top 30 in the UK.
At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 8 families.
He died childless.
The film had a lukewarm box office of $23.4 million against its $18 million budget.
He continued making short films, including "Le Coup de Berger", which is often cited as the first New Wave film.
which in 1361 in a battle at Tiel defeated the Heekeren (aristocratic) faction, led by Edward's incapable brother who was captured and imprisoned.
Candida, Millionairess  is a 1941 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera, who adapted the Pedro E. Pico play.
Their children were: Upon his death, his son Louis assumed the role of Count of Chiny.
Daphne Mabel Maugham or Daphne Maugham- Casorati( 1897–1982) was a British painter, who emigrated to Turin, Italy.
Chan is known for the experimental discovery of evidence for a new supersolid quantum state of matter, predicted theoretically in 1969 by Alexander Andreev and Ilya Liftshitz, and its subsequent refutation.
She has released two solo albums," My Sister Boudicca"( 2009) and" The Quick of the Heart"( 2017).
He has a long and distinguished career that places him among the most accomplished post-New Wave French film directors.
The film was entered into the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival, where it won the Silver Bear Award.
He was awarded Padma Shri in 1975.
De Giac was soon afterwards executed by drowning.
He is the son of Prince Philip Erasmus of Liechtenstein and Isabelle de L'Arbre de Malander.
John II of Châtillon( died 1381, in Valenciennes), second son of Louis I of Châtillon and Jeanne of Avesnes, was count of Blois and lord of Avesnes from 1372 to 1381.
He is also Chair of the Board of Crossref and was President of the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association( OASPA) from 2013 to 2019.
He retired after completing "Around a Small Mountain" (2009), and it was revealed three years later that he had Alzheimer's disease.
She joined the Trinity College in 2008 as the first Mexican female to join a US college for squash and graduated in 2010.
This school has branches in Old Rajendra Nagar and Mayur Vihar III in New Delhi and in Sector 15 in Gurugram.
Edgar was consecrated possibly in 693.
Bennett staged a comeback in the late 1980s and 1990s, putting out gold record albums again and expanding his reach to the MTV generation while keeping his musical style intact.
Norby's filmography includes Rob Zombie's horror film" The Devil's Rejects".
In 1260 the barons chose him to succeed Hugh Bigod as Justiciar, and in 1263 the king was further compelled to put the Tower of London in his hands.
He was captured by the MacDoualls at Loch Ryan, Galloway, Scotland and later executed by the English.
Elisabeth of Hohenzollern( 1 May/ 29 September 1403 – 31 October 1449), was a German princess member of the House of Hohenzollern and by her two marriages Duchess of Brzeg- Legnica and Cieszyn.
He was a writer, cinematographer, editor, and eventually, producer/ director of low- budget exploitation movies.
It was the second film released; although" National Lampoon Goes To The Movies" was filmed in 1981, it was delayed and not released until 1983.
Zombie's first solo effort was a 1996 song titled" Hands of Death( Burn Baby Burn)", written and performed with Alice Cooper, which went on to receive a nomination for Best Metal Performance at the 39th Annual Grammy Awards.
Written by Dustin Lance Black, the film focuses on the career of FBI director J. Edgar Hoover from the Palmer Raids onward.
Lambert I of Louvain nicknamed" The Bearded"( born in Louvain, Duchy of Lotharingia, East Francia c. 950, died in Florennes, County of Namur, Duchy of Lower Lorraine, Holy Roman Empire on 12 September 1015) was the first Count of Louvain in 1003.
" A New Leaf" is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that published in July 1931 in" The Saturday Evening Post".
Karolina Světlá (born Johana Rottová) (24 February 1830 in Prague – 7 September 1899 in Prague) was a Czech female author of the 19th century.
Stephen Alan Fletcher Pownall( born 30 December 1986) is an English singer- songwriter and the husband of actress Gabriella Wilde.
The film won an Oscar for Best Score and a Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture Musical.
He was the son in law of Frederick Falkiner Goold, Archdeacon of Raphoe and brother in law of Bishop Hamilton Verschoyle
Although he directed the occasional drama or comedy, his specialty was the Western, which make up 28 of his 38 filmography entries.
In America, the production also received a GLAAD Media Award nomination for Best Off- Broadway Play, in addition to awards and nominations in Dublin and Boston.
Princess Elisabeth of Luxembourg (Elisabeth Marie Wilhelmine; 7 March 1901 – 2 August 1950) was the daughter of William IV, Grand Duke of Luxembourg, and his wife, Infanta Marie Anne of Portugal.
Some of his more popular films were "Lambhardarni, Balbiro Bhabhi" and "Dushmani Dee Agg," which was released after his death.
Principal photography took place between August and December 2014 in San Francisco and Metro Atlanta.
William Henry, Prince of Nassau- Saarbrücken( 6 March 1718 – 24 July 1768), was Prince of Nassau- Saarbrücken from 1741 until his death.
Her feast day is July 26.
The film won for Mercado all the Best Supporting Actress Awards given by the four annual award- giving bodies in the Philippines that time.
In December 2014, Jackson was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
So Much
After operations in Eastern Poland in 1734-1735, he again fought against the Crimean Tatars and the Turks in 1736-1737, but now under command of von Münnich.
He graduated from the Prague Film Academy of Performing Arts in 1953.
The Sailor's Song is an East German black- and- white film directed by Kurt Maetzig and Günter Reisch.
Jane Georgiana Seymour, Duchess of Somerset( née Sheridan; 5 November 1809 – 14 December 1884), was the wife of Edward, Duke of Somerset.
Born Wèi Jī, he was the son of the former ruler Marquess Wen of Wei.
Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines( also known as T3) is a 2003 science fiction action film directed by Jonathan Mostow and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Nick Stahl, Claire Danes, and Kristanna Loken.
Maria died, childless, in Castello de Canosa, Apulia, after 10 December 1307.
George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron (22 January 1788 – 19 April 1824), known simply as Lord Byron, was an English poet, peer, and politician who became a revolutionary in the Greek War of Independence, and is considered one of the historical leading figures of the Romantic movement of his era.
It also was honored as the best film in France that year.
However, following her highly publicized physical and emotional breakdown, as well as the critical and commercial failure of her film "Glitter" (2001) and its accompanying soundtrack, her contract was bought out for $50 million by Virgin and she signed with Island Records the next year.
Owen Paterson is an Australian production designer, who was chiefly responsible for the design and look of The Matrix series of movies.
Wallace Fox( March 9, 1895 – June 30, 1958) was an American film director.
From 1958 to 1959, he played the title character in the 1950s television series "Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer", and subsequently starred in the NBC Western series "Riverboat", first with Burt Reynolds and then with
Wittekind Adolf Heinrich Georg- Wilhelm, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont( born 9 March 1936) has been since 1967 the head of the House of Waldeck and Pyrmont.
He often portrays authority figures on both sides of the law, and is possibly best known for his roles as Paulie Cicero (based on Paul Vario) in the 1990 gangster film "Goodfellas", and NYPD Sergeant Phil Cerreta on the TV series "Law & Order".
Another successful film included "Take My Tip", in which he directed Jack Hulbert whose "dances [were] beautifully staged."
She also finished 13th in the K- 1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Ana María Arroyo Mariscal( 31 July 1923 – 28 March 1995) better known as Ana Mariscal was a classic Spanish film actress, director, screenwriter and film producer.
The song peaked at# 55 at the Hot R&B/ Hip- Hop Singles& Tracks.
In 1960, she recorded the first version in French as "Gardez Moi Pour Toujours."
He has also received three Academy Award nominations: Best Actor for" The People vs. Larry Flynt"( 1996) and Best Supporting Actor for" The Messenger"( 2009), and" Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri"( 2017).
His epitaph at Saint-Pierre-le-Vif has been published.
Roger Dorchy( born 5 September 1944) is a French former racing driver.
The latter( original title" Skupljaci perja") was the first movie that presented the existence of Gypsies in society and everyday life; it was also the first full- feature film where Gypsies spoke their own language, Roma.
He was born in Manchester.
William Neville (15 July 1497 – c. 1545) of Penwyn and Wyke Sapie, Worcestershire, was the son of Richard Neville, 2nd Baron Latimer, and the author of "The Castell of Pleasure".
My Dear Angel(" Anđele moj dragi") is a Croatian film directed by Tomislav Radić.
The Brides of Fu Manchu is a 1966 British/ West German Constantin Film co-production adventure crime film based on the fictional Chinese villain Dr. Fu Manchu, created by Sax Rohmer.
The project received a more positive reception than its predecessor.
3faltig is a German comedy film directed by Harald Sicheritz.
He was the son of Hugh le Despenser and was summoned to Parliament by Simon de Montfort.
Marie Aglaé, Princess of Liechtenstein( born a" Countess Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau",,; April 14, 1940) is the wife of Prince Hans Adam II of Liechtenstein.
They had two sons, Ernest and Louis Christian, and one daughter, Anna Eleonore, who married Emmanuel, Prince of Anhalt- Köthen in Ilsenburg on 23 March 1670.
Mariner or Mariners may also refer to:
His 1956 film "Der Hauptmann von Köpenick" was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 29th Academy Awards.
She is a Music teacher of Bagabag Central School and resident of Bagabag, Nueva Vizcaya.
Sir Cory Francis Cory- Wright, 1st Baronet( 11 August 1838 – 30 May 1909) was a British businessman.
La Parisienne (original French title: "Une parisienne") is a 1957 Technicolor French comedy film starring Brigitte Bardot, Charles Boyer and Henri Vidal, directed by Michel Boisrond.
Dozakh in Search of Heaven is an Indian Hindi- Urdu film written and directed by Zaigham Imam, which premiered at the Kolkata International Film Festival on 12 November 2013.
Imani is a 2010 film.
Paris-based sales agents
The Château de Monte- Cristo is a writer's house museum located in the country home of the writer Alexandre Dumas," père".
The Cracău is a left tributary of the river Bistrița in Romania.
Princess and Margravine Anna Elisabeth Louise of Brandenburg-Schwedt (22 April 1738 – 10 February 1820) was a Prussian princess.
Zoran Švonja( born 4 October 1995) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Bulgarian club Lokomotiv Sofia.
In 2008 it was restored and shown as part of a retrospective" Questi fantasmi: Cinema italiano ritrovato" at the 65th Venice International Film Festival.
She is the stepmother of Sunkanmi Omobolanle who is also an actor.
Françoise de Chalus( bap. Chalus, 24 February
From 1930, Korda was active in the British film industry, and soon became one of its leading figures.
Charles (953–993) was the Duke of Lower Lorraine from 977 until his death.
Jim McBride( born September 16, 1941) is an American television and film director, film producer and screenwriter.
The film was a critical and commercial success, receiving praise for its levity, humor and performances, particularly those of Rudd and Lilly, and grossed over$ 622 million worldwide.
He was born in Memphis, Tennessee and died in North Bay, Ontario, Canada.
He administered the presidential oath of office to his son at their family homestead on the early morning of August 3, 1923, following the death of President Warren G. Harding.
Since 1967, Eastwood's Malpaso Productions has produced all but four of his American films.
Hanro Smitsman, born in 1967 in Breda( Netherlands), is a writer and director of film and television.
Her husband, she, and her sons would all die at the hands of the warlord Zhu Quanzhong, who would eventually take over the Tang throne and establish his own Later Liang.
Bauersfeld voiced the character in" Return of the Jedi" and" The Force Awakens", but died before the filming of" The Last Jedi", in which he was replaced by Tom Kane, who had voiced Ackbar in other works of" Star Wars" media.
In 1993 she was nominated for a Juno Award for Most Promising Artist.
Upon arriving in Utah Territory and facing evidence that Mormon men were practicing polygamy, Mantle's mother came to believe that she had been deceived by the Mormon missionaries and she and her children renounced the LDS Church.
Lafayette or La Fayette may refer to:
Thirty Day Princess is a 1934 pre-Code comedy film directed by Marion Gering and starring Sylvia Sidney, Cary Grant and Edward Arnold.
Guaire Aidne mac Colmáin (died 663) was a king of Connacht.
After the death of Stephen in 1530, Sophia was married to Croatian magnate Louis Pekry.
He died in California on 27 October 1945.
The film was made in Mexico in 1959, which led to actor Lon Chaney Jr. traveling there to perform his role in the film.
Lady Gouyi (113–88 BC), also known as Zhao Jieyu (Consort Zhao), was a consort of Emperor Wu of the Chinese Han dynasty, and the mother of Emperor Zhao of Han.
This is the final film to feature actor Matthew McGrory before his death the same year( although McGrory did have an uncredited posthumous cameo in 2017's" The Evil Within", which was filmed in 2002).
The Black Sea is also connected, to the north, to the Sea of Azov by the Kerch Strait.
Hits is the first greatest hits compilation from hip hop artist LL Cool J, released on November 5, 1996, by Def Jam.
She married Emperor Go-Daigo, whose grandfather was her grandfathers paternal uncle.
He quickly sidelined his cousin and heir- apparent al- Mufawwid; when al- Mu'tamid died in October 892, he succeeded to the throne.
Dr. Anil Sapkal( born December 13, 1966) is an academician, creative writer in Marathi and a film maker.
It was one of Boris Karloff's early film appearances.
William was an older brother of Ferdinand of Romania.
http://www.haaretz.com/print-edition/real-estate/where-did-the-millions-go-1.302730
Richard Talmadge (Sylvester Metzetti, Ricardo Metzetti, or Sylvester Ricardo Metzetti, Munich, Germany, December 3, 1892 – January 25, 1981) was a German-born actor, stuntman and film director.
He has been a professor at Penn State's University Park Campus since 1979.
He plays for FC Murom and also acts as the team's assistant coach.
A French production, the dialogue is mostly in French and German, with a few English language sequences.
When Calvin Coolidge was elected Governor of Massachusetts in 1919, she remained at home in Northampton with their children.
James, Jim, Jimmy and Jamie Bell may refer to:
Michael Dark( born September 17, 1963) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman.
On 5 June 1837, he married his cousin Lady Jean( or Jane) Graham Drummond Ogilvy( born Midlothian 27 February 1818; died 4 March 1902), eldest daughter of David Ogilvy, 9th Earl of Airlie at Cortachy Castle, Angus.
It stars Fernandel,( with whom Duvivier had made two successful Don Camillo films earlier in the 1950s), and Bernard Blier.
In May 1851 his will was probated.
It was the last of the silent film series featuring the character, although Balfour returned to play her in the 1935 sound film" Squibs".
The film stars Charles Ray, Jane Novak, Robert McKim, Dorcas Matthews, Melbourne MacDowell, and Mollie McConnell.
Muirchertach Nár mac Guairi (died 668) was a possible King of Connacht from the Ui Fiachrach Aidhne branch of the Connachta.
From 1889 to 1904 he published a weekly magazine called "D'Artagnan".
The last of five children born to the Sewards, she was their only daughter to survive to adulthood.
Herrera was born in Bilbao, Spain.
Albert Capellani (23 August 1874 – 26 September 1931) was a French film director and screenwriter of the silent era.
Chae made her acting debut in 2002 with" Champion", and has since played leading roles in horror film" The Wig" and the indies" Loner"( 2008)," Vegetarian"( 2010)," Sookhee"( 2014) and" Young Mother: What's Wrong with My Age?"( 2015).
In 1790, he was elected Member of Parliament for Cardiff, a seat he held until his death.
A Nice Neighbor is a 1979 Hungarian drama film directed by Zsolt Kézdi-Kovács.
St John died at the age of 47 after a long illness.
Women played a critical role in the organization, counting for half of its officers and serving as leaders of most of the local chapters.
Kimberly Jean-Pierre is the Assembly member for the 11th District of the New York Assembly, which includes portions of the town of Babylon in Suffolk County.
It is an adaptation of Fyodor Dostoevsky's 1866 novel" Crime and Punishment", with the setting updated to a contemporary Mexico City.
The Rio Alamo enters the Rio Grande( Rio Bravo del Norte in Mexico) at Rio Grande river kilometer, about downriver from Falcon Dam.
The plot, however, was leaked to the king and had to be abandoned.
He served as Vice- Admiral of the Coast, North Wales and Carmarthenshire, and was an Honorable Colonel of the 2nd Volunteer Battalion of Royal Welsh Fusiliers.
The current editor is writer Susanne Paola Antonetta.
Instead Henry threatened to appoint a younger son, Gothelo, as Duke in Lower Lorraine.
The Man with the Iron Fists 2 is a 2015 American direct-to-video martial arts action film directed by Roel Reiné and written by RZA and John Jarrell.
Despite his successes, including singlehandedly forging a new aristocracy from practically nothing, he has still garnered criticism from various historians.
Glen and Randa is a 1971 American post -apocalypse film directed by Jim McBride.
She was the daughter of Ferdinand I of Aragon and Eleanor of Alburquerque.
"Ett gammalt fult och elakt troll det var en gång" known also for the shorter title "Det var en gång" (meaning "Once upon a time") is a traditional Swedish children's song, with music and lyrics by Felix Körling.
Liu Kan( 1906 – March 3, 1948) was a KMT general from Hunan.
Oklahoma Blues is a 1948 American Western film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by Bennett Cohen.
Guy travelled with Hugh I of Troyes on his pilgrimage to the Holy Land in 1125.
William was born in Dillenburg as the younger son of Count John V of Nassau- Dillenburg and Landgravine Elisabeth, daughter of Landgrave Henry III of Hesse- Marburg and Anna of Katzenelnbogen.
He ruled from 977/75 BC until his death twenty years later.
He became a Freemason in Lodge St. John, No. 14( now the United Lodge of Dunkeld) at the same time as his elder brother George in 1914.
George was the apparently only son of Anthony Gray of Brancepeth, a son of George Grey, 2nd Earl of Kent, by his second wife Katherine (or Katharine or Catherine), daughter of William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke.
In 1925 he, his wife and two sons left the UK for America, where they all remained for the rest of their lives.
During the early 70's he worked with a number of aboriginal film makers as part of the NFB efforts to help people tell their own stories.
Duchess Elisabeth of Württemberg( born 2 February 1933) is a member of the House of Württemberg and a Duchess of Württemberg by birth and through her marriage to Prince Antoine of Bourbon- Two Sicilies, a member of the House of Bourbon- Two Sicilies and a Princess of Bourbon- Two Sicilies.
Gould, cast over Paul Newman and Robert Redford, believed Bergman's screenplay was semi-autobiographical.
Hellen Stirk or Helene Stirk or Helen Stark( died 27 January 1544) was one of the Perth Martyrs, a group of Scots executed for their Protestant beliefs in Perth in the period immediately before the Scottish Reformation.
Prior to SRI, he was the director of the Armour Research Foundation.
About the Suicide is a 1987 Australian comedy about a writer and his man servant who try to convince the world that the writer has gone mad.
The installation of a Cistercian community in Orval in 1131 marked his last appearance in any proceedings.
Beatrice of Portugal was Countess of Alburquerque as the wife of Sancho Alfonso of Alburquerque.
Princess Irina Alexandrovna of Russia (15 July
The film's art director was Robert Neppach.
The music video for the track was released on February 14, 2014.
In 1984, it received two Jussi Awards: for best début film and best script.
Little Rock Village was a Native American village of the Potawatomi people located on the north bank of the Kankakee River, at a site close to the current boundary between Kankakee and Will counties of the state of Illinois in the United States.
The song has been used in a great many television shows and motion pictures.
Taku Iwasa( born November 15, 1977) is a Japanese professional wrestler best known for his work in Dragon Gate.
It is an adaptation of the French comic series" Bécassine".
Acclaimed as one of the most internationally successful Spanish filmmakers, Almodóvar and his films have gained worldwide interest and developed a cult following.
Basset served as the Justiciar of England between the two terms served by his son-in- law, Hugh le Despencer, 1st Baron le Despencer.
Her brothers were Henry III of Nassau-Breda, John of Nassau-Vianden-Dietz, Ernest of Nassau and William the Rich.
"The Texan", starring Rory Calhoun as Bill Longley, a "Robin Hood of the West", who drifts through the region helping persons in need.
William I, Count of Nassau- Dillenburg( nicknamed" William the Rich",; 10 April
Henry is welcomed back by the townsfolk, all of whom are aware of his sexuality and are highly accepting and even supportive towards him( the film's plot and dialogue is notably devoid of homophobic content).
He joined Buchanan in supporting the pro-slavery Lecompton Constitution for Kansas, which led to a split in the Democratic Party.
Streisand is one of the best-selling recording artists of all time, with more than 68.5 million albums in the U.S. and with a total of 150 million records sold worldwide making her the best-selling female artist among top-selling artists recognized by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Benton won election to the United States House of Representatives in 1852 but was defeated for re-election in 1854 after he opposed the Kansas–Nebraska Act.
He won the bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics held in Montreal.
The film's title is a reference to the 88:88 that displays on a digital clock after a power interruption.
He is best known for creating "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1984) and "Scream" (1996), featuring the characters of Freddy Krueger, Nancy Thompson, Ghostface, and Sidney Prescott.
They had no children.
More recently, he was a librarian at Auraria Library in Denver until March 2018.
Dalton Day( born August 2, 1991) is an American actor and singer.
He was born on June 13th, 1922 in The Hague, Netherlands, and died on May 8th, 2008 in the same country.
The song is set to the melody of "Wildwood Flower", an antebellum tune by Joseph Philbrick Webster.
The magazine was headquartered in New York City.
His 1937 film" Should Wives Work?" was also nominated for an Academy Award in the same category.
Miguel Ángel Mostto Fernández- Prada, or Miguel Mostto( born 11 January 1977 in Ica, Peru) is a retired Peruvian footballer.
She rose to prominence in 1983, and has since written songs for and co-written songs with multiple singers, as well as for several films.
Cryan became the lead newsreader for WPRI in 1965 and was paired throughout his 30 years there with partners like Doug White, Mike Gorman, Janice Glynn or Karen Adams.
The song was originally recorded in C major, but has since been sung in E major( Day) and A major( Jimmy Bowen).
He is the patron saint of Mechelen, where St. Rumbold's Cathedral possesses an elaborate golden shrine on its high altar, containing relics attributed to the saint.
Admiral George Carnegie, 6th Earl of Northesk( 1716–1792) was born the son of David Carnegie, 4th Earl of Northesk and Lady Margaret Wemyss on 2 August 1716.
It was directed by Peter Yates, based on a novel by Max Catto.
He shared his Oscar with George Gibbs, Michael J. McAlister and Dennis Muren.
Blue Hill may refer to:
Girls About Town is a 1931 American pre-Code romantic comedy film directed by George Cukor and starring Kay Francis and Joel McCrea.
Beauty No. 1 is a 1965 film by Andy Warhol starring Edie Sedgwick, Kip Stagg
Is YouFantasyAlways
It received a generally positive reception and was listed as one of the best films of the year on several critics lists.
When Dietrich fell in battle in 1398, he was succeeded by his elder brother Adolph, who had become Count of Cleves in 1394.
The production team relied on Lucas' storyboards during pre-production.
He competed in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
He was the youngest son of Duke Janusz I of Warsaw and Danutė of Lithuania, a daughter of Kęstutis.
He died on 5 December 1921 at age 56.
Verona Barnes( born December 29, 1946) is an American actress who appeared in multiple New York City theater plays.
Doillon was born in Paris.
The film tells the story of an affair between a married woman and an impetuous foreigner.
He was the brother- in- law of King Christian VIII and nephew of King Frederik VI.
John of Lorraine- Vaudémont( died 1473) was a younger son of Antoine of Lorraine, Count of Vaudémont and Marie of Harcourt.
She was also featured on the 1919 US" Vogue" cover in a photograph taken by photographer Adolph de Meyer.
Her work includes co-writing the screenplay for" Bringing Up Baby"( for which she had also written the original story, published in the mass- market magazine" Collier's Weekly"), starring Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant, and was directed by Howard Hawks, and the screenplay for" I Was a Male War Bride", also starring Cary Grant and again directed by Howard Hawks as well as co-wrote" The Unseen She died in 1971, penniless and bitter, at the Motion Picture Country Home."
Samuel George Herbert Mason (1891 – 20 May 1960), known as Herbert Mason, was a British film director, producer, stage actor, army officer, presenter of some revues, stage manager, stage director, choreographer, production manager and playwright.
In 1966, Lewin published a novel, "The Unaltered Cat".
He appeared in 81 films between 1915 and 1952.
St John married Susanne Louise Simond, the daughter of Peter Simond, a wealthy French Huguenot merchant in London.
After eleven consecutive years charting a U.S. number-one single, Carey parted ways with Columbia in 2000 and signed a $100 million recording contract with Virgin Records.
The film was selected as the Nicaraguan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards, but did not make the final shortlist.
He is associated with the 1980s Second British Invasion of the US.
Mill's debut album, "Dreams and Nightmares", was released in 2012 under MMG and Warner Bros. Records.
24 Hour Psycho is the title of an art installation created by artist Douglas Gordon in 1993.
The film stars Jacqueline Andere as the titular character, along with Jorge Lavat.
When I Was Young may refer to:
Alonso Mudarra( c. 1510 – April 1, 1580) was a Spanish composer of the Renaissance, and also played the vihuela, a guitar- shaped string instrument.
Edmonds spent two seasons at Brisbane, playing 17 games before his retirement at the end of the 1988 VFL season.
Eleanor of England( also called Eleanor Plantagenet and Eleanor of Leicester)( 1215 – 13 April 1275) was the youngest child of John, King of England and Isabella of Angoulême.
Director Jean Bach acquired an original home movie showing the 1958 photo shoot from musician Milt Hinton.
The film also has a strong feminine viewpoint belonging to French feminism and raises questions about how women are perceived, especially in French society.
Jim Edmond( born 3 September 1958 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a former Australian rules footballer.
Charles Frederick Williams( 4 May 1838 – 9 February 1904), was a Scottish- Irish writer, journalist, and war correspondent.
Payne had a major influence on Williams' later musical style, along with Roy Acuff and Ernest Tubb.
He became both Swedish and German Champion, with Göteborg and Bayern Munich respectively.
Dame Gracie Fields, (born Grace Stansfield; 9 January 189827 September 1979) was an English actress, singer and comedienne and star of both cinema and music hall.
Most of his films were set in Sweden, and many films from "Through a Glass Darkly" (1961)
In the age of absolutism in Europe, Louis XIV's France was a leader in the growing centralisation of power.
He married Elizabeth Drax, daughter of Henry Drax and Elizabeth Ernle, on 7 May 1744.
Nate Shannon is a Democratic member of the Michigan House of Representatives.
A Missionary( French: Un missionnaire) is a 1955 French drama film directed by Maurice Cloche and starring Yves Massard, Marie- France Planeze and René Blancard.
North of Nevada is a 1924 American silent western film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Fred Thomson, Hazel Keener and Josef Swickard.
It received positive reviews from critics, who praised Robinson's direction and the performances of its stars.
The film follows the members of the Zimbabwean band Liyana, a group of eight musicians with physical disabilities who navigate a country where many of their neighbors consider them to be cursed.
In 2014, he won his first award- a Metro FM award for Best Compilation Album for his album, For The Love of House Volume 5.
The film stars Jake Lacy, Beck Bennett, Jay Pharoah, Nikki Reed, Kate McKinnon, DC Pierson, Nick Kocher, Brian McElhaney, Nick Rutherford and Gabriel Luna, and focuses on a group of college seniors that decide to form an intramural football team before graduating.
Herod Antipas became tetrarch of Galilee and Peraea, Philip became tetrarch of territories north and east of the Jordan, and Salome I was given a toparchy including the cities of Jabneh, Ashdod, and Phasaelis.
He was from the Egerton family.
In 2016, he began starring as Jacob Greenleaf in the Oprah Winfrey Network drama series," Greenleaf".
When this regent died in July 1149, Mujir ad- Din took his place as the rightful heir of Damascus.
Louis V (1235-1299), Count of Chiny (1268-1299), the youngest son of Arnold IV, Count of Looz and Chiny, and Jeanne, Countess of Chiny.
Fitting Master is a 2009 Indian Telugu- language action film directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana, featuring his son Allari Naresh in the lead titular role of Fitting Master, along with Madalsa Sharma, Sayaji Shinde, Ali, Srinivas Reddy and Amit Kumar Tiwari in the lead roles.
Located on 250 acres, the UA Little Rock campus encompasses more than 56 buildings, including the Center for Nanotechnology Integrative Sciences, the Emerging Analytics Center, the Sequoyah Research Center, and the Ottenheimer Library Additionally, UA Little Rock houses special learning facilities that include a learning resource center, art galleries, KUAR public radio station, University Television, and a campus- wide wireless network.
He declined a junior ministerial position, remaining a backbencher until 1922.
In 1989, shortly before his death, Stevens was robbed and beaten in his rented Westport, Connecticut home where he had retired to in 1987.
The film stars William Gargan, Claire Dodd and Douglas Fowley.
He was the second but only surviving son of Wenceslaus III Adam, Duke of Cieszyn, by his second wife Sidonia Katharina, daughter of Francis I, Duke of Saxe- Lauenburg.
I Was a Male War Bride is a 1949 comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and starring Cary Grant and Ann Sheridan.
McAboy won the Leo Award for Best Direction in a Youth or Children's Program or Series and Best Youth or Children's Program or Series for" Splitting Adam" on June 4, 2016.
He painted numerous members of the royal family of the Netherlands, and was known for his work in history painting as well.
He himself was nominated five times and won twice, once for Best Short Subject for "Sons of Liberty" and once as Best Director for "Casablanca".
Umar Shaikh Mirza II (1456–1494 C.E.) was the ruler of the Fergana Valley.
It was produced and released by First National Pictures and was based on the play, entitled" Cousin Kate", written by Hubert Henry Davies.
He was the father of Antony Armstrong- Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon, and father- in- law of Princess Margaret, younger daughter of George VI.
Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, (Margaret Rose Windsor; 21 August 1930 – 9 February 2002) was the younger daughter of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth and the only sibling of Queen Elizabeth II.
What starts off as a simple missing person case soon takes Petra deep into the seedy underbelly of the Emerald City's criminal underground and beyond.
Woody Guthrie had started to write a song including each name on the casualty list of the sinking.
He subsequently starred in several other peplum films, including" The Witch's Curse" by Riccardo Freda.
The couple divorced in 1998
John Calvin Coolidge Sr.( March 31, 1845 – March 18, 1926) was an American politician and businessman from Vermont, and the father of J. Calvin Coolidge Jr., the 30th President of the United States.
Anna Isabella Gonzaga( 12 February 1655 – 11 August 1703), was a Duchess consort of Mantua and Montferrat and heir of the Duchy of Guastalla, including Luzzara and Reggiolo; married in 1671 to Ferdinando Carlo Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua and Montferrat.
He is best known as the director, writer, and producer of the" Lord of the Rings" trilogy( 2001 – 03) and the" Hobbit" trilogy( 2012 – 14), both of which are adapted from the novels of the same name by J. R. R. Tolkien.
As his eldest son, Robert, predeceased him, he was succeeded by his second son William.
Many occasions are described where she intervened during political difficulties between her relatives and more specifically her nephews.
Tum Hi Ho" from the 2013 Bollywood romantic film "Aashiqui 2".
Le masque de la Méduse is a 2009 fantasy horror film directed by Jean Rollin.
Everything changed for Catherine in 1477, when Charles the Bold was killed in the Battle of Nancy.
James Stuart, 2nd Earl of Bute( before 1696 – 28 January 1723) was the son of James Stuart, 1st Earl of Bute and Agnes Mackenzie.
These included Godfrey's brothers and their cousin Baldwin of Le Bourg, Baldwin II, Count of Hainaut, Rainald( or Reinhard), Count of Toul, Warner, Count of Grez, Baldwin of Stavelot, Peter of Stenay, and the brothers Henry and Godfrey of Esch.
Mason was the Assistant director for "I Was a Spy", which was very successful in the box office and voted best film of the year.
The documentary includes exclusive live performance footage and music videos.
Riccardo
Prince Eugenio was the sixth and youngest child of Prince Thomas of Savoy, 2nd Duke of Genoa and his wife Princess Isabella of Bavaria.
He was active into the 1960s.
This Land Is Your Land".
This is the last film directed by Arthur Hiller before his death in 2016.
( German original:" Ich wollte die Leute im Kino immer gut unterhalten.
The film premiered June 25, 2015.
P. T. Kunju Muhammed (Malayalam: പി. ടി. കുഞ്ഞുമുഹമ്മദ്) is a noted director and producer in Malayalam parallel film industry.
The Marquette Journal is an entirely student-produced magazine, run by student media, Marquette University in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Princess" Adelaide" Louise of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg( 19 October 1889 – 11 June 1964) was a daughter of Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig- Holstein and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Augustenburg.
Tiffany Crystal Houghton( born December 6, 1993) is an American singer- songwriter from Dallas, TX.
The film opened the 2016 Edinburgh International Film Festival on 15 June 2016.
Prodolzheniye") is a 2007 Russian romantic comedy film directed by Timur Bekmambetov based on a screenplay by Aleksey Slapovsky produced by Channel One and released by Mosfilm.
The Velvet da Vinci gallery in San Francisco showed some of her works in" The De Patta Project: New Jewelry Made With Old Stones Acquired from the Estate of Margaret De Patta( 1903- 1964)."
Queen consort of Frederick I of Austria.
The purpose of both is partly to warn people about the threat of Communist subversion of American society.
During the Thirty Years' War (1618–1648), the family fled to Metz, where his father died in 1640.
Foureira signed a solo contract with Universal Music Greece and released her self- titled debut album in 2010, which received a platinum certification in Greece.
He was the father of King Norodom Sihanouk and the grandfather of Cambodia's current king, Norodom Sihamoni.
Antiochus XI, Philip I and Demetrius III.
He was reconfirmed minister in Berlusconi III Cabinet.
Mills of Drum railway station was opened in September 1853 by the Deeside Railway and served the rural area around Park House and Crathes estates at the Mills of Drum or Drum Mills, corn mills, that lay close to the River Dee.
He worked with many young film makers in British Columbia.
Smith has appeared in films include" The Whole Ten Yards"( 2004)," Daddy's Little Girls"( 2007)," The Longshots"( 2008)," Couples Retreat"( 2009), and" Jumping the Broom"( 2011).
After the death of her husband in 4 BC, her second son inherited some of his father’s dominion and ruled as a Roman client king until his death in 34.
Return of the Jedi( also known as Star Wars: Episode VI – Return of the Jedi is a 1983 American epic space- opera film directed by Richard Marquand.
Minaj's third studio album, "The Pinkprint", was released in 2014.
Rolf Thiele( 7 March 1918 – 9 October 1994) was a German film director, producer and screenwriter.
According to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), she is the second-best-selling female artist in the United States, with 66.5 million certified albums.
In 2005 he married the makeup artist and fashion model Jemma Kidd.
Patriarch Thomas held a firm Orthodox theological position and opposed the iconoclasts and the filioque.
He was the third ruling Prince of Hohenzollern- Sigmaringen; he ruled from 1681 until his death.
A combination of punk, noise and experimental rock, they released their first full-length album "Baby Kisses" in 2003.
Breckinridge fled behind Confederate lines.
George Waggner( September 7, 1894 – December 11, 1984) was an actor, director, producer and writer.
The emperor claimed the marriage had been contracted without his consent and was invalid.
In that year, Baldwin made peace and did homage to the new King.
He was commissioned Cornet in the 6th Dragoons in 1825 and purchased the ranks of Lieutenant in 1826 and Captain in 1830.
At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.
Godard edited a 2 D version of the film before he and Aragno perfected the 3 D cut with color correction and surround sound.
Admiral was a career naval officer in the Imperial Japanese Navy during Meiji and Taishō periods.
Wei itself was attacked by Qi in 310 BC, and King Xiang met King Wu of Qin at Linjin (modern day part of Linyi County, Yuncheng, Shanxi Province).
Lautner's ventures into other genres were less successful though the thriller Le Professionnel starring Jean-Paul Belmondo was a big commercial hit in France in 1981.
He had major responsibility for causing the Second Boer War (1899–1902) in South Africa and was the government minister most responsible for the war effort.
Burton's best-known achievements include: a well-documented journey to Mecca in disguise, at a time when Europeans were forbidden access on pain of death; an unexpurgated translation of "One Thousand and One Nights" (commonly called "The Arabian Nights" in English after early translations of Antoine Galland's French version); the publication of the "Kama Sutra" in English; a translation of "The Perfumed Garden", the Arab Kama Sutra; and a journey with John Hanning Speke as the first Europeans to visit the Great Lakes of Africa in search of the source of the Nile.
His brothers were Christopher and Humphrey de Seton.
Born and raised in Astoria to an Italian-American family, Bennett began singing at an early age.
John of Aragon (1304–1334, Pobo, Saragossa) was a prince of Aragon.
Three years later, his film "
Less than eight months after the sinking, he became the first adult survivor to die.
Mike Leeder( born 5 August 1968, in Croydon, England) is a casting director, producer and actor based in Hong Kong.
Some of the events in the trilogy are retold from a different perspective in" I, Jedi" by Michael A. Stackpole.
Demers was defeated in the 1958 election by Rodrigue Bourdages of the Progressive Conservative party.
Only three years later Egerton died intestate, aged only 20, from a fever and was buried in Little Gaddesden in Hertfordshire on 4 March 1748.
It chronicles the rise of pornographic magazine publisher and editor Larry Flynt and his subsequent clash with religious institutions and the law.
Through her father, Marie Louise was a great- great- granddaughter of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg- Strelitz.
Through the years, Chan's work has spanned many diverse topics.
She was the third daughter of William the Silent and his third spouse Charlotte of Bourbon.
The song title was announced to the public (although not confirmed by CyBC) on 25 January 2018, and was composed by Greek-Swedish producer and songwriter Alex P.
Life Is What You Make
It required an investment far beyond other productions of the period but the commercial success of the film allowed it to recover the cost in the first- run theaters, where it remained for nineteen weeks.
Alexander David Frederick Lloyd, 2nd Baron Lloyd (30 September 1912 – 5 November 1985), was a British Conservative politician.
Fredric Hope( January 22, 1900 – April 20, 1937) was an American art director.
It serves the southern Newcastle suburb of Adamstown, and was opened on 15 August 1887.
She also appeared in a" Dixon of Dock Green" episode" The Avenger", in 1965.
Earlier he was a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1984 through 1996.
It was written by Irene Kuhn, Edgar Allan Woolf and John Willard based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Sax Rohmer.
He was born in Saarbrücken, but was brought up by Wolfgang Julius of Hohenlohe- Neuenstein the brother of his mother, and continued his studies in Tübingen and Paris.
He is the former spouse of the group's current leader, Maryam Rajavi, whom he divorced so that she could become the spouse of Massoud Rajavi.
He won three César Awards in 2004 for "The Barbarian Invasions": Best Director, Best Original Screenplay and Best Film, being the only Canadian director to have accomplished this.
The song was written by Glo Macari and Roger Ferris, produced by Mickie Most and released 1979 on the RAK Records label.
Mark Day( born October 4, 1978) is a Canadian actor and producer.
He was the eldest child and only son of Bolesław II, Duke of Cieszyn, by his wife Anna, daughter of Ivan Vladimirovich, Prince of Bielsk.
She was a daughter of Margrave Frederick William of Brandenburg-Schwedt and his wife, Princess Sophia Dorothea of Prussia.
Born into a wealthy and traditional senatorial family, Gallienus was the son of Valerian and Mariniana.
In June 2006, he released his debut album," Together as One", produced by No Doubt bassist Tony Kanal, and featuring contributions from Stefani, Tami Chynn, Sly& Robbie, and Cutty Ranks, which reached number seven on the" Billboard" Top Reggae Albums chart.
She acted in" Praner Cheye Priyo" which film is considered as turning point of the career of Riaz.
The Madonna's Secret is a 1946 American film noir crime film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Francis Lederer, Gail Patrick, Ann Rutherford and Edward Ashley.
Albert III (born 1027; died 29 July 1102) was the Count of Namur from 1063 until his death.
The album was released in May 1974 by Festival Records.
John Adolphus of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Plön( or" Hans Adolf"; 8 April 1634, Ahrensbök – 2 July 1704 Ruhleben) was the second Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Plön, which had been created by a division of the Duchy of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg.
He built in Braga the Sete Fontes a water supply system.
He loaned a 16 mm camera to Quentin Tarantino so he could make" My Best Friend's Birthday".
John Rawlins( June 9, 1902 – May 20, 1997) was an American film editor and film director.
Big or BIG may refer to:
John Manners, 4th Earl of Rutland( c. 1559 – 24 February 1588) was the son of Henry Manners, 2nd Earl of Rutland, and Lady Margaret Neville, daughter of Ralph Neville, 4th Earl of Westmorland.
He married Richardis of Bavaria in 1184.
But that was until she found herself in a moral dilemma after accidentally finding a bag containing P5 million in cash that could bring an end to her family's problems.
Heng Kim Song( born 1963) is a Singaporean editorial cartoonist.
The Last Word (or Der letzte Schrei) is a 1975 West German comedy drama film written and directed by Robert van Ackeren, and starring Delphine Seyrig, Barry Foster, Peter Hall, Kirstie Pooley and Udo Kier.
(pl: "
Jean Renoir called him, a" great technician,[ a] rigorist, a poet".
After the fall of Richmond, Breckinridge ensured the preservation of Confederate records.
In 2015, Altrad was named World Entrepreneur of the Year by Ernst& Young.
Since 1978, he has devoted his time exclusively to writing and production/direction of movies and plays.
Suetonius tells that many Romans believed that the Great Fire of Rome was instigated by Nero to clear the way for his planned palatial complex, the Domus Aurea.
He is best known for receiving an executive producer credit on" Catch Me If You Can" and" I, Robot" along with his business partner Anthony Romano.
26 December 1323), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg.
In 1284, Andronikos II, a widower by his first marriage with Anna of Hungary, married Yolanda (who was renamed Eirene as Empress).
Lieutenant- General Sir William Brereton( 29 December 1789 – 27 July 1864) was a British Army officer of the nineteenth century who served as colonel- commandant of the 4th Brigade, Royal Horse Artillery in the 1860s.
He is the younger son of former U.S. Vice President Nelson A. Rockefeller (1908–1979) and Happy Rockefeller (1926–2015).
Mario Costa( Rome, 30 May 1904 – Rome, 22 October 1995) was an Italian actor, director and screenwriter, active from 1934 to 1971.
He had also appeared for the Swedish national team, and participated in the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy, as well as Euro 1992 in Sweden.
It shares the Fort Albany 67 Indian Reserve with the Kashechewan First Nation.
It was originally rumored to be put in production in a press release, dedicated to the original movie's 30th anniversary in 2005.
Queen's Park Secondary School was a secondary school in Glasgow, Scotland.
She was the second eldest daughter of Count Christian Frederick of Stolberg- Wernigerode and his wife Auguste Eleonore of Stolberg- Stolberg.
Detective K: Secret of the Living Dead is a 2018 South Korean action adventure comedy film directed by Kim Sok- yun, starring Kim Myung- min, Oh Dal- su, Kim Ji-won and Kim Bum.
The film was also top- grosser of the first CineFilipino Film Festival.
Lemon Grove Kids Meet
Ricardo Becher (1930–2011) was an Argentine film director, screenwriter and journalist.
The Surgeon is a TV medical drama.
Described by "The Guardian" as "the best British novel about the Second World War", the story was adapted into a 1987 film by Steven Spielberg starring Christian Bale.
She starred in the critically acclaimed "Funny Girl", for which she won the Academy Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actress.
Grenfell- Baines was survived by his second wife, Milena Fleischmann, whom he married in 1954, their son and daughter, and the two daughters of his first marriage, to Dorothy Hodson.
Shaikh Hamad bin Jassim bin Hamad bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani( born 1959)
Festival in Cannes is a 2001 film directed by Henry Jaglom.
His alleged daughter, called" la Beltraneja", was deprived of the crown of Castile because of the uncertainty regarding her parentage.
He directed some 40 different Argentine feature films and in the last few years of his career in the early 1950s he worked on Cuban production with films such as "A La Habana me voy" in 1951.
She published on Pueblo religion, Cochiti sociology and Isleta drawings.
Released in 1981," Goodbye Pork Pie" became the first New Zealand- made film to recoup its original budget solely from domestic NZ box office sales.
Philip and Salome had no children.
He married Lady Anne Gordon, daughter of George Gordon, 1st Marquess of Huntly and Lady Henrietta Stuart, on 2 October 1607 (contract).
The film was shot on location in the Upper Volga region, including Kostroma.
Afterward, he developed his singing technique, signed with Columbia Records and had his first number-one popular song with "Because of You" in 1951.
It starred Christopher Lee as Dr. Fu Manchu, Richard Greene as Scotland Yard detective Nayland Smith, and Howard Marion- Crawford as Dr. Petrie.
" Hellbilly Deluxe" went on to sell over three million copies worldwide and spawned three singles.
He was the second and last Prussian duke of the Ansbach branch of the Hohenzollern family.
It grossed more than$ 519 million worldwide and received positive reviews from critics, who generally welcomed the film's smaller stakes than preceding MCU installments, as well as its cast( particularly Rudd, Peña, Lilly and Douglas), humor and CGI sequences.
David Scotus was a Gaelic chronicler who died in 1139.
In this modest film, directed and produced by Don Hartman, Mitchum moved into a different genre, briefly departing from his typical roles in film noir, Western films and war films.
She was a member of the Capetian House of Anjou, she is also known as "Blanche of Naples".
Catherine died in 1497 and was buried in the church of Geldern, where her grave can still be seen.
UPraw Magazine was a national UK student magazine distributed through various university- related sites, student unions and selected Blackwell bookstores from 2001- 2002.
Princess Charlotte Agnes of Saxe- Altenburg( 4 March 189916 February 1989) was the eldest child of Ernst II, the last reigning duke of Saxe- Altenburg.
We Belong Together", became the U.S. best-performing single of the 2000s.
Skylan Brooks and Ethan Dizon star in the title roles as Mister and Pete, respectively.
It is one of the few Romero films that does not deal with a zombie apocalypse or supernatural horror themes.
He competed in the team time trial at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
( It was a lovely time) was the Danish entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1960, performed in Danish by Katy Bødtger.
In 1724 a controversy arose over the distribution of property in her will, causing her daughter Elizabeth to instigate a court case.
Born in Güstrow, she was the sixth of eleven children born from the marriage of Gustav Adolph, Duke of Mecklenburg-Güstrow and Magdalene Sibylle of Holstein-Gottorp.
The company structure is quite complicated, although not unusually so.
Norman ... Is That You? is a 1976 American comedy film directed by George Schlatter and starring Redd Foxx and Pearl Bailey.
By Crophull's second marriage to Sir John Parr, Anne was a cousin to the Parr family which included Sir Thomas Parr; father of King Henry VIII's last queen consort, Catherine Parr.
During the five years between "Temple of Doom" and "Last Crusade", he and executive producer Lucas reviewed several scripts before accepting Jeffrey Boam's.
i
St. Mary ’s Educational and cultural society, a charitable organization, was registered in 1974, with a view to render service in educational and social service.
Karl Geary wrote the film and Tanya Ryno was the film's producer.
James L. Schoppe is an American production designer and art director.
John Andrew Crossan( born 29 November 1938), commonly known as Jobby or Johnny Crossan, is a Northern Irish author, radio sports analyst, entrepreneur, and former footballer.
[ or Hermann Frasch]( December 25, 1851 in Oberrot bei Gaildorf, Württemberg – May 1, 1914 in Paris) was a chemist, mining engineer and inventor known for his work with petroleum and sulphur.
Over his career he worked on close to 200 films in various capacities.
Costigan graduated from Brown University in 1990.
While most students are pursuing undergraduate degrees, the university has over 68 doctoral and master's degree programs, a law school, a dental school (only one in the state), and 22 graduate certificate programs.
The Idiot Returns  is a 1999 Czech film directed by Saša Gedeon.
Under al- Mu'tasim's successor al- Wathiq, his powers were extended further into a virtual viceroyalty over all western provinces of the caliphate.
Miguel Antonio de Benavides y Piedrola (1643 – February 1713) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Cartagena (1681–1713).
During the 1970s he made a living in advertising and publicity.
Although written in 1958 it was banned for six years.
As the eldest daughter of Prince Moritz of Saxe- Altenburg and his wife Princess Augusta of Saxe- Meiningen, and a sister of Ernest II, Duke of Saxe- Altenburg, Marie Anne was a member of the Ducal House of Saxe- Altenburg.
She left her own children with her mother, and became her father's carer and companion in the last years of his life, before dying less than two years after him.
Elisabeth gained six half- siblings from the marriage: Anna, Queen of England, Sigismund, Holy Roman Emperor, Margaret" the younger" of Bohemia, John of Görlitz, Charles, and Henry.
He inherited his father's titles in 1900 at the age of six, and was one of the trainbearers to Mary of Teck at her coronation in 1911.
Sons of New Mexico is a 1949 American Western film directed by John English and written by Paul Gangelin.
Aloysius Vincent( 14 June 1928 – 25 February 2015) was an Indian cinematographer and director known for his works in Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Hindi language films.
Riders of the Range is a 1949 Western film directed by Lesley Selander.
He directed his first film," Trapped by Boston Blackie", in 1948.
He has published three novels –" America's Children"( 1984)," Ahab's Daughter"( 1989), and" The Book of Kings"( 1999).
In August 2019, a documentary series about his battle with the criminal justice system, "Free Meek", was released on Amazon's Prime Video.
Oil was also discovered for the first time during his rule.
In 1445, he married his cousin Yolande of Anjou (1428–1483), daughter of René I of Anjou, (King of Naples, Duke of Anjou, of Bar and of Lorraine, Count of Provence), and of Isabelle, Duchess of Lorraine.
For theatrical showings, the movie was interrupted by the mummy from the movie going into the audience.
Alexander Stewart was a Canadian politician, who was the mayor of Victoria, British Columbia from 1914 to 1916.
He-Man and She-Ra, Secret of the Sword Comic Book was published in 1985 by Mattel Toys as part of their "The Secret of the Sword Sweepstakes.
" Pokolenie"( English title" A Generation") 1954 an Andrzej Wadja film
The name of Richar's wife is unknown.
He made his first- class debut on 1 April 2018 for Oxford MCCU against Kent as part of the Marylebone Cricket Club University fixtures.
Eleanor of Aragon( 2 May 1402 – 19 February 1445) was queen consort of Portugal as the spouse of Edward I of Portugal and the regent of Portugal as the guardian of her son.
It chronicles the situation in Sudan from independence in 1956, through civil war and the current crisis in Darfur.
After shooting more than half- a- dozen short films, he directed his first full- length bilingual film romantic comedy" Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi"( Tamil) based on one of his own short films.
Tumurbaatar Enkhtungalag is a Mongolian actress.
He last played for Correcaminos UAT in the Ascenso MX.
At the time, Chamberlain was notable for his attacks on the Conservative leader Lord Salisbury, and in the 1885 general election he proposed the "Unauthorised Programme", which was not enacted, of benefits for newly enfranchised agricultural labourers, including the slogan promising "three acres and a cow".
Jacob Hoefnagel himself became a court painter to Rudolf II and to the Swedish court.<ref name
Hubba bint Hulail was the grandmother of Hashim ibn' Abd Manaf, thus the great- great- great- grandmother of the Islamic" Nabī"( Prophet) Muhammad ibn Abdullah.
In 1482, she was forced to conclude peace with Maximilian and to retire from politics.
One of the children director Belzberg follows is Cristina Ionescu.
Control of the whole empire passed to Gallienus.
His sister, Elizabeth, was the mother of Henry VIII's second wife, Anne Boleyn, and he was the father of the king's fifth wife, Catherine Howard.
James Tuchet, 7th Earl of Castlehaven( 15 April 1723 – 6 May 1769) was the son of James Tuchet, 6th Earl of Castlehaven and his wife, née Elizabeth Arundell.
He was the director of the Toledo Museum of Art in Ohio from 2010 to 2019.
As a junior the following year he batted .678, while setting a New Mexico season record with 19 home runs.
Onyx" Bacdafucup" and LL Cool J" Mr. Smith".
The Bellingham Review is an American literary magazine published by Western Washington University.
In October 2018, Justice Valihura dissented when the majority found that the business judgment rule protected a controlling shareholder even though he did not offer minority shareholder protections until after his initial squeeze- out bid.
MGM produced a Spanish language version of this film," Love in Every Port", starring Jose Crespo and Conchita Montenegro.
John Nicolas Rea, 3rd Baron Rea (born 6 June 1928), commonly known as Nicolas Rea, is a British peer, doctor and politician.
The film stars Ramarajan, Sangita, Manivannan and Senthil in lead roles.
Coolidge did not speak out on political issues of the day, including women's rights.
The song's verses use a rap/ sing vocal style while the chorus is sung; throughout the song the use of Auto- Tune is prominent.
Clothes Make the Man  is a 1940 German historical comedy film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Heinz Rühmann, Hertha Feiler and Hilde Sessak.
Jesús Alejandro Palacios Olague( born 7 February 1983 in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico) is a retired footballer, who played for Club Universidad de Guadalajara in the Liga MX.
Mattia Sbragia( born April 17, 1952) is an Italian character actor.
Walo and Humberge had three children:
Landgravine" Auguste" Fredericka of Hesse- Homburg( full German name:" Auguste Friederike, Landgräfin von Hessen- Homburg"; 28 November 1776, Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Landgraviate of Hesse- Homburg, Holy Roman Empire – 1 April 1871, Ludwigslust, Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg- Schwerin), was a member of the House of Hesse and a Landgravine of Hesse- Homburg by birth.
After recording "Never Again" and "Honky Tonkin'" with Sterling Records, he signed a contract with MGM Records.
After the death of his father in 1140, Mujir ad- Din succeeded his father as governor in 1140.
Norman Rae Taurog( February 23, 1899 – April 7, 1981) was an American film director and screenwriter.
The story centers on three employees of a beauty parlor and their search for love and happiness.
It is inspired by the Antigone of Sophocles.
In the summer of 2018 all of the Open Mobile stores were changed to Boost Mobile Stores.
Harnack was from a family of scholars, artists and scientists, several of whom were active in the anti-Nazi Resistance and paid with their lives.
Erich Oswald Hans Carl Maria von Stroheim (born Erich Oswald Stroheim; September 22, 1885 – May 12, 1957) was an Austrian-American director, actor and producer, most noted as a film star and avant garde, visionary director of the silent era.
Some of the film's more elaborate shots have been called innovative techniques of the film vocabulary.
Sri Dharmaloka College in Kelaniya, Sri Lanka is named after him.
It offers classes from Transition up to Form 5.
Walter Robinson is an African American composer of the late 20th century.
Al- Abbas ibn al- Ma'mun( died 838 CE) was an Abbasid prince and general, the son of the Abbasid Caliph al- Ma'mun.
The Seven Madmen (also known as The Revolution of the Seven Madmen) is a 1973 Argentine drama film directed by Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and starring Alfredo Alcón, Norma Aleandro and Héctor Alterio.
By marriage, he was also Count of Harcourt, Count of Aumale, and Baron of Elbeuf from 1452 to 1458.
Charlotte Stuart, styled Duchess of Albany (29 October 1753 – 17 November 1789) was the illegitimate daughter of the Jacobite pretender Prince Charles Edward Stuart ('Bonnie Prince Charlie' or the 'Young Pretender') and his only child to survive infancy.
It started in Iowa City, Iowa in 1990, and published semimonthly for three years.
In 1931 he completed his first film "Douro, Faina Fluvial", a documentary about his home city Porto made in the city symphony genre.
She set her own court in the city and controlled her own finances and foreign policy until her death fourteen years later.
Location shooting took place in Mallorca and Valencia.
The best-known of his films as a director was "The Diamond from the Sky" (1915).
James Robert Morrison, known as Jim Bob, is a British musician and author.
He successfully overthrew the Kamakura shogunate in 1333 and established the short lived Kenmu Restoration to bring the Imperial House back into power.
Felix James Samuely( 3 February 1902 – 22 January 1959) was a Structural engineer.
He was serving as governor of Gojjam when his father Yohannes summoned him and made him heir at the age of 20.
Eddie Noack( born De Armand A. Noack, April 29, 1930 – February 5, 1978) was an American country and western singer, songwriter and music industry executive.
The property is owned by RailCorp, an ageiny of the Government of New South Wales.
On June 3, 1947, Lessey died on vacation in Westbrook, Connecticut, aged 67.
The song was also used in the short- lived Broadway show" Miss Innocence"( September 27- October 9, 1909) when it was sung by Frances Farr.
Nick Sidi( born 22 February 1966 in Manchester, England) is an English actor.
However, Cesare II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla and Emperor Ferdinand II rejected her claim to Mantua, leading to the War of Mantuan Succession( 1628 – 1631).
In 1150 Nur ad- Din recognized Mujir ad- Din as ruler of Damascus, but in 1151 Mujir ad- Din allied with the crusaders against Bosra, angering Nur ad- Din.
The 2nd Earl was murdered by George Gordon, Earl of Huntly, as the culmination of a vendetta.
The film covers a breadth of topics, with themes ranging from death and religion to sex, intimacy, lesbianism, friendship and love.
Following her mother's death in 1714, her father remarried, his second wife being Lady Rachel Russell, daughter of Wriothesley Russell, 2nd Duke of Bedford; Lady Rachel was about twenty years younger than her husband, and this second marriage produced seven children, who were Anne's half- siblings.
In 2016 Bhumibol suffered declining health and spent extended periods at Siriraj Hospital, where he died on 13 October 2016.
The Mountain is a 1951 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello.
Anup Sengupta is a Bengali film Director and Producer.
Machi (English: "Dude") is a 2004 Tamil action film directed by K. S. Vasantha Kumar.
His wife survived him by thirteen years and died in June 1872.
David Ogilvy, 9th Earl of Airlie( 16 December 1785 – 20 August 1849) was a British peer.
The Little Rock Trojans women's basketball team, formerly branded as Arkansas – Little Rock Trojans represents the University of Arkansas at Little Rock in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.
The house still stands and is a popular subject of artists on the island.
It is spun off from the TV series" Deli Yürek".
Sir William Talbot, 1st Baronet( died 16 March 1633), was an Irish lawyer and politician.
On 3 December 2004, he became Minister of the Public Function.
It is the second adaptation after Protazanov's and is the best known screen version of Alexander Ostrovsky's classic play" Without a Dowry"( 1878).
The Book of Burial( Chinese:,," Zàngshū") was an AD 4th- or 5 th- century work by the Taoist mystic Guo Pu.
It is under the jurisdiction of South Eastern Railway zone.
Godfrey rebelled and was imprisoned.
He then besieged and took the castle of Amance, where Theobald was taking refuge.
He was the third child and elder son of David Ogilvy, 10th Earl of Airlie, and The Hon.
Many songs were re-mixed, re-mastered and re-released after 1997.
Salem Bouhageb( born Bembla, 1824 or 1827- died La Marsa, July 14, 1924) was a Tunisian reformer, jurist, and poet.
King Kong Lives( released as King Kong 2 in some countries) is a 1986 American monster adventure film directed by John Guillermin.
The lyrics of "In 20-0-3" criticizes the decision of New York mayor Michael Bloomberg in the year 2003 to ban smoking in every bar and club in the city, stating that 'secondhand smoke' was killing 1,000 New Yorkers per year.
Efren Montes Reyes Jr.( born June 25, 1959) is a Filipino actor known for his last leading roles in" Tapos Na ang Lahi Mo, Hadji Djakiri" in 1990 and" Nestor Solis" in 1996.
In 828, Abu Ishaq took him along to Egypt and then appointed him to head the" diwan al- kharaj".
The CD version of the album was released by Mike Patton's Ipecac Recordings label on August 28, 2007.
Helen died in 1909 and Beauchamp married, secondly, in 1911, to Ethel Susan Lutley (died 1945), daughter of John H. Lutley of Brockhampton Park, Hereford.
However, on Maundy Thursday (26 March) 991, he was captured, through the perfidy of the Bishop Adalberon, and was imprisoned by Hugh in Orléans, where he died a short while later, in or before 993.
The Midnight
Through her marriage to George William, Prince of Schaumburg- Lippe, Ida was also a member of the House of Lippe and Princess consort of Schaumburg- Lippe.
Lyon Cohen( 1868–1937) was a Polish- born Canadian businessman and a philanthropist.
She died at Ebersdorf, Thuringia, on 22 April 1796, at age 68.
In 1923 he travelled to Europe with Luis Bayón Herrera.
She rose to fame in 1990 after signing to Columbia Records and releasing her eponymous debut album, which topped the U.S. "Billboard" 200 for eleven consecutive weeks.
He currently competes full- time in the ARCA Menards Series, driving the No. 15 Toyota for Venturini Motorsports.
He directed or produced the films" Subway"( 1985)," The Big Blue"( 1988), and" Nikita"( 1990).
In the following decades until his death in 2009, Ballard's work shifted toward the form of the traditional crime novel.
He was son of King Anxi of Wei.
Other Malayalam actors he frequently collaborated with are: Kuthiravattam Pappu, Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair, Sankaradi, M.G. Soman, Thilakan, Jagathy Sreekumar, Innocent, Nedumudi Venu, Sreenivasan, Sukumari, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Shobhana, KPAC Lalitha, Revathi, Lissy, Cochin Haneefa, Maniyanpilla Raju, Mukesh, Jagadeesh, C.I. Paul, Vineeth, Ganesh, Shankar, and Mammukoya.
The brief reign of his less able son and heir, al- Muktafi, still saw some major gains, notably the annexation of the Tulunid domains, but his later successors lacked his energy, and new enemies appeared in the form of the Qarmatians.
Charles Patrick Inigo Armstrong- Jones, Viscount Linley( born 1 July 1999) is the son of David Armstrong- Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon, and Serena Armstrong- Jones, Countess of Snowdon.
Aureolus, another usurper, proclaimed himself emperor in Mediolanum in 268 but was defeated outside the city by Gallienus and besieged inside.
Agnès Varda (30 May 1928 – 29 March 2019) was a Belgian-born French film director, photographer and artist.
It is unclear when Gilduin became abbot of St. Mary, but he was in this position when his cousin Baldwin II confirmed the privileges of the abbey, the chief Marian shrine in Jerusalem, on 31 January 1120.
It leaked online on August 9, 2012.
He married Hodierna of Gometz, daughter of William, lord of Gometz.
Confessions from the David Galaxy Affair( UK re-release title:" Star Sex") is a 1979 British sexploitation comedy film directed by Willy Roe and starring Alan Lake, Glynn Edwards, Mary Millington, Bernie Winters, Diana Dors and Antony Booth.
Janet Yang( born July 13, 1956) is a Hollywood producer.
He played a leading role in the 1914 film" Lost in the Dark", seen as a precursor to Italian neorealism.
His wife Queen Sisowath Kosamak remained Queen Mother after her husband's death.
It was Louise Élisabeth who presented Madame de Pompadour to the court of King Louis XV of France; she also built the Hôtel de Brienne, present seat of the French Ministry of Defence.
So QuietArmy of Me", and "Hyperballad".
Auguste-Pierre-Augustin Rigaud (29 March 1760 – 15 April 1835) was a French poet and fabulist.
With the ball he took 4 wickets at a bowling average of 68.50, with best figures of 2/100.
However, he fell out with Lord Warwick "the Kingmaker" in 1469, when Warwick turned against the King.
Killer Klowns from Outer Space is a 1988 American science fiction horror comedy film written, directed and produced by the Chiodo Brothers, and starring Grant Cramer, Suzanne Snyder, John Allen Nelson and John Vernon.
The Senior Secondary School has classes from L.K.G to X11.
The Countess lived as a widow till 1683, she maintained Moray House in Edinburgh and its gardens, and planted woods at Donibristle.
Admiral William Carnegie, 7th Earl of Northesk GCB( 19 April 1758 – 28 May 1831) was born at Bruntsfield in Edinburgh to Admiral George Carnegie, 6th Earl of Northesk and Anne Melville.
Louise Kink Pope( April 8, 1908 – August 25, 1992) was one of the last remaining survivors of the sinking of the" RMS Titanic" on April 15, 1912.
In 1631, his father was convicted and executed for various sexual crimes, including rape and sodomy.
Helen Ainsworth( October 10, 1901 – August 18, 1961), also known as Cupid Ainsworth, was a stage and motion picture actress.
He is, after the death of his father on 7 April 2015, first in line of succession to the defunct Bulgarian throne.
He was awarded with the rank of General-Feldzeugmeister and was appointed Governor of Astrachan and the Persian provinces.
She was born in Bodenham, the daughter of Sir Walter Devereux, the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, and his wife Elizabeth Merbury.
He was succeeded by his brother Lionel who became the 3rd Earl of Middlesex.
Frank Johnson( c. 1789 – 1871) was an American popular fiddle player and brass band leader based in North Carolina, near Wilmington, United States, for most of the nineteenth century.
Karen Theresa Like( born 14 October 1966 in Cinderford) is a British slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.
The Last Round is a 1976 Italian crime film directed by Stelvio Massi.
The Merry Widow is a 1925 American silent romantic drama/black comedy film directed and written by Erich von Stroheim.
It is based on a play of the same name which had previously been adapted into the 1944 Argentine film" Seven Women".
He is considered part of the Czech New Wave movement.
He fought in Africa and participated in the siege at La Goletta and the Conquest of Tunis in 1535.
Charles Claxton Jr.( born December 13, 1970) is an American former professional basketball player.
Believe It is a song by American rapper Meek Mill with a guest appearance from fellow rapper Rick Ross.
His older brothers having predeceased him, he succeeded his father as duke in 1745.
After Sigurd, his son Guthorm was earl for one year.
He was later nominated for Best Director for the film" Boys Town"( 1938).
It was the Czech Republic's submission to the 72nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted as a nominee.
He eventually forged a creative partnership with his cinematographers Gunnar Fischer and Sven Nykvist.
Lord Xinling( Chinese: 信陵君, d. 243 BC), born Wei Wuji( 魏無忌), was a prominent aristocrat, statesman and general of the Warring States period and one of the Four Lords of the Warring States.
He later became artistic director of the Scranton Public Theatre in Scranton, Pennsylvania, where "That Championship Season" was set.
Michel Jacques Boisrond (9 October 1921, Châteauneuf-en-Thymerais – 10 November 2002, La Celle-Saint-Cloud) was a French film director and screenwriter.
Why Did I Get Married Too?", and" Meet the Browns", and its television adaptation.
He is a grandchild of legendary Walt Disney
(half brother of King Richard II), by his wife, Elizabeth of Lancaster.
His brother-in-law Reinald died later in 1371 and as neither Reinald nor Edward left heirs, another fight for the succession of Guelders arose between William and his wife Maria (sister to Reinald and Edward) and Maria's sister Mathilde, wife of John II, Count of Blois.
His mother was Lady Elizabeth Penelope, daughter and heiress of Patrick McDouall-Crichton, 6th Earl of Dumfries, while John Crichton-Stuart, 2nd Marquess of Bute, was his elder brother.
Princess Marie of Liechtenstein(" née" Princess Marie Isabelle Marguerite Anne Geneviève of Orléans; born Boulogne- Billancourt, France on 3 January 1959) is the eldest daughter of Prince Henri, Count of Paris, Duke of France and his former wife Duchess Marie Thérèse of Württemberg.
Since then he has produced, written, and directed more than sixty feature- and documentary films, such as" Aguirre, the Wrath of God"( 1972)," Nosferatu the Vampyre"( 1978)," Fitzcarraldo"( 1982)," Lessons of Darkness"( 1992)," Little Dieter Needs to Fly"( 1997)," My Best Fiend"( 1999)," Invincible"( 2000)," Grizzly Man"( 2005)," Encounters at the End of the World"( 2007),( 2009), and" Cave of Forgotten Dreams"( 2010).
They were decisively defeated at Bouvines in July 1214, where Ferdinand was taken prisoner.
Sappho Darling is a 1968 film written by Albert Zugsmith.
William Duckett (bapt.
He was a sixth generation descendant of Charlemagne.
In 303 BC, Qin took advantage of Wei's alliance with Qi and Han against Chu to launch a second invasion.
Heiner Carow( 19 September 1929 – 1 February 1997) was a German film director and screenwriter.
Amman Kovil Vaasalile
Elizabeth Despenser( died 10 April/ 11 April 1408) was an English noblewoman of the late 14th century.
Long active in the militia, Van Rensselaer attained the rank of major general; he commanded troops on the New York- Canada border during the War of 1812, but resigned his commission after defeat at the Battle of Queenston Heights.
Guthrie was married three times and fathered eight children.
A June 18, 1958 recording by Perry Como was part of his album" When You Come to the End of the Day".
Martin Charles Scorsese( born November 17, 1942) is an American filmmaker and actor, whose career spans more than 50 years.
He gained the rank of Captain in the 3rd Battalion, East Kent Regiment.
Lundell was influenced by musicians such as Bob Dylan, Bruce Springsteen, Neil Young and writers such as Jack Kerouac, Allen Ginsberg and other beats.
Facing pressure from the public using the Mute R. Kelly hashtag, RCA Records dropped Kelly.
He was the younger son of Burgrave Frederick III from his second marriage with the Ascanian princess Helene, daughter of Duke Albert I of Saxony.
Maximilian I, Prince of Hohenzollern- Sigmaringen( 20 January 1636 – 13 August 1689 in Sigmaringen) was a German nobleman.
Paul Brooke( born 22 November 1944) is a retired English actor of film, television and radio.
To increase awareness about Delhi Metro, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation dedicated a pillar on Pusa Road to this school and for its children to do decoration work.
There are two differing accounts of his death, however.
It was made at the Babelsberg Studios in Berlin.
He also features in each segment, billed as Cash Flagg.
He had a well built physique despite doing no weight training.
He was succeeded by his brother, Francis.
It won three Academy Awards: Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing and Best Visual Effects.
Based on the success of" Yojimbo", Kurosawa's next film," Sanjuro"( 1962), was altered to incorporate the lead character of this film.
St Malachy asked Robert to pardon a thief, but Robert hanged him anyway, and for this the River Annan destroyed part of his castle and the de Brus line received a curse from the holy man.
Later he was Governor of Galicia.
Ben Cura( born 30 September 1988) is a British- Argentine actor and director of film, television and theatre.
The plot originates in Almodóvar's earlier film" The Flower of My Secret"( 1995) which shows student doctors being trained in how to persuade grieving relatives to allow organs to be used for transplant, focusing on the mother of a teenager killed in a road accident.
Sarre Anglo- Saxon cemetery is a place of burial that was used in the sixth and seventh centuries CE.
Rolling in Money is a 1934 British comedy film directed by Albert Parker and starring Isabel Jeans, Leslie Sarony and John Loder.
Between 1975 and 1978 he served as Israel's Permanent Representative to the United Nations, in which capacity he repudiated UN General Assembly Resolution 3379—the
John III, Count of Ligny( d. 1 July 1576) was the eldest son of Count Anthony II and his wife Margaret of Savoy.
He was a career officer in the United States Army, and attained the rank of brevet Colonel.
Despite his successes, al- Mu'tadid's reign was ultimately too short to effect a lasting reversal of the Caliphate's fortunes, and the revival that he spearheaded was too dependent on the presence of capable personalities at the helm of the state.
Edgar( or Eadgar) was a medieval Bishop of Lindsey.
William Brown( 1766–1835) was a Scottish clergyman.
Andrew pledged to respect the privileges of the clergymen and to dismiss his non-Christian officials in 1233, but he never fulfilled the latter promise.
It was shot in Almería.
Lin died on September 13, 1971, when a Hawker Siddeley Trident he was aboard crashed in Öndörkhaan in Mongolia.
Maximus of Tyre( fl. late 2nd century AD), also known as Cassius Maximus Tyrius, was a Greek rhetorician and philosopher who lived in the time of the Antonines and Commodus, and who belongs to the trend of the Second Sophistic.
They had the following children:
He is the husband of Holocaust survivor Eva Marks.
It is based on the play" Norman, Is That You?"
His best- known films include" The Devil and Daniel Webster The Story of Louis Pasteur"( 1936) and" The Hunchback of Notre Dame".
With Napoleon's invasion of Russia in 1812, Bibikov petitioned to serve in the army once more, and was appointed to command various militias, including those of St Petersburg and Novgorod.
Others felt the overtly religious reference infringed their rights.
Klondike Annie is a 1936 black-and-white comedy drama film starring Mae West and Victor McLaglen.
Almodóvar achieved international recognition for his black comedy- drama film" Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown"( 1988), which was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, and went on to more success with the dark romantic comedy film" Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!"( 1990), the melodrama" High Heels"( 1991) and the romantic drama thriller" Live Flesh"( 1997).
He was hanged, drawn, and beheaded on 9 February 1307 in Carlisle, Cumberland, England.
Impelled "by a mix of commerce, revenge, and pique"
Mysore Shrinivas Sathyu (born 6 July 1930) is a leading film director, stage designer and art director from India.
The film became Zombie's highest- grossing film to date, though was met with a generally negative critical reception.
Terence D. Robinson( date of birth and death unknown) was a male wrestler who competed for England.
She appeared in leading roles in several films of the 1930s such as" The Fortunate Fool".
Chapelle or La Chapelle may refer to:
Eleanor of Scotland (1433 – Innsbruck 20 November 1480) was an Archduchess of Austria by marriage to Sigismund, Archduke of Austria, a noted translator, and regent of Austria in 1455-58 and 1467.
He had married, in 1206, Gertrude, only child and heir of Albert II, count of Dagsburg and Metz.
He worked on such projects as" Fearless"( 2006)," The Raid 2"( 2014)," The Man with the Iron Fists"( 2012)," Man of Tai Chi"( 2013)," Ultimate Justice"( 2016),( 2016)," Chasing the Dragon"( 2017) and Donnie Yen's" Big Brother"( 2018).
Béla III willed property and money to Andrew, obliging him to lead a crusade to the Holy Land.
She was the mother of Louis, comte de Narbonne- Lara, possibly by king Louis XV of France.
Suzanne Henriette de Lorraine (1 February 1686 – 19 October 1710) was a member of the House of Lorraine and was the Duchess of Mantua by marriage.
Prior to getting into film he worked as a taxi driver, specialty welder and in aircraft factories mainly in BC and Ontario.
Kossamak died there in 1975.
Beltrán Alfonso Osorio y Díez de Rivera, 18th Duke of Alburquerque( 15 December 1918 – 8 February 1994), was a Grandee of Spain and an amateur jockey.
Johnny Ekström( born 5 March 1965 in Kallebäck) is a Swedish former footballer.
In 2008 her son Øystein Gullvåg Holter became Norway's first professor of men's studies, having been appointed at the University of Oslo.
Edward Ellsworth Annis (born February 2, 1980) is a Canadian professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Teddy Hart.
The song failed to chart.
Eric of Lorraine( 14 March 1576 – 27 April 1623), count of Vaudémont, was a Bishop of Verdun and half brother of Louise of Lorraine, Queen consort of France.
I of England.
Sjöström was Sweden's most prominent director in the "Golden Age of Silent Film" in Europe.
In terms of the Sicilian language, Martoglio is an important figure in the establishment of Sicilian as an acceptable literary language.
In 1564 his half- brother don Gregorio de los Angeles Tepoztlixayacatzin succeeded him as tlatoani.
Blue Hill Avenue station is a regional rail station on the MBTA Commuter Rail Fairmount Line located in the Mattapan neighborhood of Dochester, Boston, Massachusetts.
His films were rejected by critics and intellectuals as a result, but ordinary people liked his style because they knew him from radio of variety shows.
Archie Lee Bell( born September 1, 1944) is an African- American solo singer and former lead singer of Archie Bell& the Drells.
"Imagine" subsequently re-entered the UK Top 40, reaching number 18.
James or Jim Gordon may refer to:
John I married in 1297 with Agnes of Hesse (d. 1335).
After the band's breakup, Björk embarked on a solo career in 1993, coming to prominence as a solo artist with albums such as "Debut" (1993), "Post" (1995), and "Homogenic" (1997), while collaborating with a range of artists and exploring a variety of multimedia projects.
Chah Shirin( also Romanized as Chāh Shīrīn and Chah- i- Shirin) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.
Documents unearthed in the former state also show his title as King Shao( 卲王).
Vindex's revolt failed in its immediate aim, but Nero fled Rome when Rome's discontented civil and military authorities chose Galba as emperor.
Jaccard began his movie career in 1913 as an actor.
Is There Justice? is a 1931 American crime film directed by Stuart Paton and starring Rex Lease, Henry B. Walthall and Blanche Mehaffey.
James Seward( born 4 September 1997) is an English cricketer.
Jackson actively campaigned against smoking bans in both the United States and the United Kingdom.
About 35 minutes of the latter film is available on the DVD of" Heroes of the Alamo", all that remains of the silent film.
She retired as a professor in 1992, but continued working as a senior researcher.
As a musician, Jarmusch has composed music for his films and released two albums with Jozef van Wissem.
It was released in February 2011 through Universal Norway as the third and final single from Solli-Tangen's debut studio album "Guilty Pleasures" (2011).
Aside from her commercial accomplishments, Carey has won five Grammy Awards, nineteen World Music Awards, ten American Music Awards, and fifteen Billboard Music Awards.
He was the father of Obata Masamori.
In early spring, Bodonitsa was besieged, and Jacob resisted, for he "preferred, like the high-minded and true Christian that he was, to die rather than surrender the place."
Into the Grizzly Maze (originally titled Red Machine, then changed to Endangered and later to Grizzly), is an American action horror-thriller film directed by David Hackl and written by J.R. Reher.
It was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival in the year it was released.
Muzaffar Ahmed Chowdhury( 23 November 1922 – 17 January 1978) was a Bangladeshi academic.
He was named MVP of the 2018 MLB All- Star Game, and led the American League in doubles in 2018.
James Ogilvy, 1st Earl of Airlie( c. 1593 – 1666) was a Scottish royalist of the Wars of the Three Kingdoms.
The film stars Prem Nazir, Ambika, Mammootty, Ratheesh and Raveendran.
Its plot concerns a group of young men looking to start a squadron in their Legion Post.
He portrayed Romeo in the initial film version of" Romeo and Juliet", directed the first serial," What Happened to Mary", and played the first dual role in film as twins in" The Corsican Brothers."
From the late 1960s, encouraged by the new opportunities in the film industry brought about by the sexual revolution, Antel gradually switched his main interest to soft porn and ribaldry.
The film is based on the last two- thirds of the 1932 Bengali novel," Aparajito", by Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay.
Hedwig of Legnica( ca. 1351 – 1 August 1409) was a Polish princess and member of the Piast dynasty, in the Legnica branch.
Sandhja was born to an Indo- Guyanese mother and a Finnish father.
Berengaria of Barcelona (1116 – January 15, 1149), called in Spanish Berenguela de Barcelona, was Queen consort of Castile, León and Galicia.
Since the late 1970s Lin, and Mao's wife Jiang Qing (with her Gang of Four) have been labeled the two major "counter-revolutionary forces" of the Cultural Revolution, receiving official blame from the Chinese government.
The film is a contemporary fable loosely based on Fyodor Dostoyevsky's" Crime and Punishment".
Magfar Ahmed Chowdhury( Azad) was a freedom fighter during the Liberation war of Bangladesh.
Born and raised in Pittsburgh, Warhol initially pursued a successful career as a commercial illustrator.
Based on Lee Falk's comic strip" The Phantom" by King Features, the film stars Billy Zane as a seemingly immortal crimefighter and his battle against all forms of evil.
The Phantom is a 1943 Columbia Pictures 15 chapter black- and- white cliffhanger superhero serial, produced by Rudolph C. Flothow, directed B. Reeves Eason, and starring Tom Tyler in the title role.
Marquess Wen of Wei( Wèi Wén Hóu; died 396 BCE) was the first Marquess to rule the State of Wei during the Warring States period of Chinese history( 475 – 220 BCE).
Ministry of Fear is a 1944 American film noir crime film directed by Fritz Lang.
After Van Rensselaer's 1839 death, efforts by his sons to collect past due lease payments led to the Anti-Rent War, and the break up and sale of the manor.
He was the grandfather of Henry Bryant Bigelow.
His fidelity to the Aragonese crown was by then broken.
He is best known for his work with Bang Tango, Stephen Shareaux, and Zen From Mars; which he cofounded, and includes members of Kik Tracee, Enuff Z'Nuff, Flipp, and Fear Factory.
His tenure as Viceroy of New Spain is commemorated in the namesake of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Marquette is organized into 11 schools and colleges at its main Milwaukee campus, offering programs in the liberal arts, business, communications, education, engineering, law and various health sciences disciplines.
Philip John May( born 18 September 1957) is a British investment relationship manager and Conservative Party activist who is the husband of Theresa May, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
Dr. Petrie is absent from this film.
She had no children with either Nur ad- Din or Saladin.
whereupon she resumed her royal duties and position within the Thai court.
In 1136 David I of Scotland invaded England as far as Durham, which led Stephen of England to negotiate treaties that involved granting Ranulf's lands to Scotland.
During the papal reign of his brother and his brother's reforming successors, he played an important role in the politics of central and northern Italy, including Sardinia, where he interfered on behalf of Barisone I of Logudoro against the Republic of Pisa, indicating his authority over both.
Captain Cory- Wright was the oldest son of Sir Geoffrey Cory- Wright, the 3rd Baronet Baronet Cory- Wright.
Love& War is the debut studio album by Australian recording artist Daniel Merriweather, the album was released on 1 June 2009, on Marlin Records/ Universal( AUS), Allido/ Columbia/ RCA( UK).
His father, Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani, from the ruling al Thani family, was the ruler of Qatar.
A print of the film is in the Library of Congress.
Prince Dmitri Alexandrovich of Russia( 15 August 1901 – 7 July 1980) was the fourth son and fifth child of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia.
In all three films he was portrayed by puppeteer Timothy D. Rose, who originally played other characters, but requested to also play Ackbar after seeing his sculpt on a display stand.
The film was released with a Vitaphone soundtrack with a synchronised musical score and sound effects.
2009, Hôtel de Sully, National Gallery of the Jeu de Paume( collective exhibition).
Adolf of Nassau (Dillenburg, 11 July 1540 – Heiligerlee, 23 May 1568) was a count of Nassau, also known as Adolphus of Nassau.
He is also recognized nationally as an erudite speaker on" The Teachings of the Buddha."
Empress He (何皇后, personal name unknown) (
In the midst of all this, Emperor Zhaozong tried to salvage the dying dynasty.
Hannes speaks German, Spanish, English, French and Portuguese.
She was a member of the House of Aragon
The film came at the tail- end of a cycle of Latin American- themed films, through it did introduce a new star Rita Moreno.
It was the directorial debut of P. A. Backer, who won that year's awards for Best Director and Second Best Film at the Kerala State Film Awards.
He took as prisoner Ivo, Bishop of Chartres, and kept him confined for two years.
Kim Jung-man( born October 30, 1954) is a South Korean photographer.
He is currently the assistant coach of Nacional.
It was released on March 12, 2015 as the second single from his fifth studio album  (2015).
Roman Smishko is a retired Ukrainian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Theresa Ikoko is an award- winning British playwright of Nigerian descent.
On Saltholmen, at the terminal of the boats of Styrsjöbolaget, there is a place called "Lasse Dahlquists Plats".
He gained the rank of Flight Commander in the Royal Flying Corps.
The film starred Anna Bradley, Rodolfo López and Cihangir Gaffari as John Foster.
From 1967 he worked as cinematographer with, among others, Lina Wertmüller, Mario Monicelli, Salvatore Samperi, Massimo Troisi, Franco Rossi.
Countess Anna of Nassau (5 November 1563 – 13 June 1588) was a daughter of William the Silent and his second wife, Anna of Saxony.
See You in Jail is a 1927 silent film comedy directed by Joseph Henabery and starring Jack Mulhall.
Antiochus X Eusebes Philopator (–92 or 88 BC) was a Hellenistic Seleucid monarch who reigned as the King of Syria between 95 BC and 92 BC or 89/88 BC (224 SE (Seleucid year)).
It is the second single and final track on the album.
Set from the days of the Anschluss of 1938 until after the end of the war," Der Bockerer" is about a Viennese butcher named Karl Bockerer( Karl Merkatz) whose common sense rather than intellect tells him to oppose the Nazis and who dares to show resistance just because he is never fully aware of the possible fateful consequences of his actions.
He served as Member of the Parliament of England for Dorset in the Addled Parliament of 1614 and was a Justice of the Peace for the counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Wiltshire.
Ellen Rankin Copp( August 4, 1853 – August 8, 1901), also called Ellen or Helen Houser Rankin, was an American sculptor.
He was a Knight of the Order of Santiago and a gentleman of the king's bedchamber.
Arbuthnott was educated at Corpus Christi College, Oxford and matriculated on 28 June 1824.
When Charlotte eventually left France for Florence shortly after her son's birth, she entrusted the children into the care of her mother, Clementina Walkinshaw, and it appears that few, and certainly not her father, knew of their existence.
Duke Eugen of Württemberg( 21 November 1758 – 20 June 1822) was a German prince.
The song achieved commercial success by topping the charts in eleven countries.
The film was released on September 16, 1938, by Universal Pictures.
He won the Academy Award for Best Sound for the film" Out of Africa".
Christian was a great- great- grandson of George III of the United Kingdom( 1738 – 1820) and Charlotte of Mecklenburg- Strelitz( 1744 – 1818).
Charles Henry Gordon- Lennox, 10th Duke of Richmond, 10th Duke of Lennox, 10th Duke of Aubigny, 5th Duke of Gordon( 19 September 1929 – 1 September 2017), styled Lord Settrington until 1935 and Earl of March and Kinrara between 1935 and 1989, was an English peer and landowner.
He is the first member of this branch mentioned in the annals.
He started to work at the Lumitón cinema company, with Enrique Telémaco Susini .
The film was selected as the Polish entry for the Best Foreign Language Oscar at the 88th Academy Awards but it was not nominated.
Christian Hamburger( 19 February 1904 – 6 October 1992) was a Danish endocrinologist.
In 1449, at the breakdown of the Truce of Tours, he was sent as an ambassador to Philip III, Duke of Burgundy, by King Charles VII of France.
Eleni Zaude Gabre- Madhin, an Ethiopian economist with Swiss nationality, is a former Chief Executive Officer of the Ethiopia Commodity Exchange( ECX).
Spielberg started in Hollywood directing television and several minor theatrical releases.
Scullin's administration would soon be overwhelmed by the economic crisis, with interpersonal and policy disagreements causing a three-way split of his party that would bring down the government in late 1931.
She previously played in the Swedish Damallsvenskan for Umeå IK, Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC, Tyresö FF, and KIF Örebro, in the Norwegian Toppserien for Avaldsnes IL and in the French Division 1 Féminine for Paris Saint-Germain.
Texas leads the series 73 – 21–1 through the 2019 season.
Of his total credits, 75 were silent films and 65 were sound films( 140 total); he directed four.
After a series of documentaries and short films, in 1968 Bazzoni debuted as film director with a Macaroni Combat, "Suicide Commando", and a spaghetti western, "A Long Ride from Hell".
He was the son of Don Beltrán de la Cueva, 1st Duke of Alburquerque, by first wife Doña Mencía Hurtado de Mendoza y Luna.
His parents were Henry, Prince of Nassau- Dillenburg( 1641 – 1701) and his wife Princess Dorothea Elisabeth of Legnica- Brzeg( 1646 – 1691).
He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics, the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He served as Dean of Killaloe from 1808 to 1828, when he was appointed Dean of Lismore.
From 2002 to 2009, Lewis worked on the CBS television crime drama series,  as writer, director and co-executive producer.
Chan was deeply influenced by the era of sixties film in Japan, for the reason that they were not afraid to produce realistic movies that addressed society's problems.
The leader of the Banu Ansúrez who allied with the Banu Gómez in rebellion against Ramiro in favour of his abdicated brother Alfonso IV in the spring of 932 may have already been Ansur.
The pre-Olympic 2008- 2009 season was not a very successful one for Grage, e.g. regarding World Cup results.
Ben Dark( born Benjamin Cranstoun Dark; 14 January 1972) is an Australian radio and television presenter.
Ianthe( Ἰάνθη; English translation:" purple or violet flower") may refer to:
Reinhard Münster( born 1955) is a German film director and screenwriter.
In Sulzbach, he built a new salt works in 1719 and a graduation tower.
Also featured in the film are Joe Pesci as Joey, LaMotta's well-intentioned brother and manager who tries to help Jake battle his inner demons, and Cathy Moriarty as his wife.
It was located between Murarrie and Hemmant stations on the Cleveland railway line.
In 1393, Frederick married Margaret the heiress of Vaudémont and Joinville, and became Count of these lands in her right.
Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar (born January 27, 1963 in Vijayapura, Karnataka) is a two-time National Award-winning Indian classical singer who is active mostly in Marathi, Konkani and Hindi film Industry; known for high-pitch singing and style, earned in Agra as well as Gwalior and Jaipur.
For this role, Infante won the Silver Bear for Best Actor at the 7th Berlin International Film Festival.
Serge Lajeunesse( born June 11, 1950) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played 103 games in the National Hockey League( NHL) for the Detroit Red Wings and Philadelphia Flyers.
The story was written by Richard Carroll.
Asked how to pronounce his name, he told" The Literary Digest In English," her'sholt"; in Danish," hairs'hult
Even his failures are spectacular."
Nina Bara( born Frances Joan Baur on May 3, 1920, died August 15, 1990) was an American actress who performed in films, on television, and on old- time radio.
John Egerton, 2nd Duke of Bridgwater( 29 April 1727 – 26 February 1748), known as Lord John Egerton until 1731 and as Marquess of Brackley from 1731 to 1745, was a British peer from the Egerton family.
He had attended the school before being withdrawn to become an actor.
He was from birth a prince of both Denmark and Greece by virtue of his patrilineal descent.
His revocation of the Edict of Nantes abolished the rights of the Huguenot Protestant minority and subjected them to a wave of dragonnades, effectively forcing Huguenots to emigrate or convert, and virtually destroying the French Protestant community.
Curtis Bernhardt( 15 April 1899 – 22 February 1981) was a German film director born in Worms, Germany, under the name Kurt Bernhardt.
At the 1943 Argentine Film Critics Association Awards, Demare won Silver Condor awards for Best Director, Best Film and numerous other awards for" The Gaucho War"( 1942), a film which is considered by critics in Argentina to be one of the best films in its history.
Johann Ludwig von Westphalen( 11 July 1770 – 3 March 1842) was a liberal Prussian civil servant and the father- in- law of Karl Marx.
This is a list of neighborhoods in Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas City, Kansas.
She has been called" the woman with a thousand voices and a thousand faces".
From 1625 to 1627 and again from 1629 to his death, he held the title jointly with Thomas Wentworth, 1st Earl of Cleveland.
Arjunan is an Indian film actor who has appeared in supporting roles in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films.
Brancaleone Doria was the husband of Eleanor of Arborea.
The Bird Cage< nowiki>"</ nowiki>);< nowiki>"</ nowiki>
A great supporter of her husband, who was one of the first two Senators of the new U.S. state of California and a Governor of the Territory of Arizona
The Sugarcubes, whose 1987 single "Birthday" was a hit on UK and US indie stations and a favourite among music critics.
" Tik Tok" was certified 8 × platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America( RIAA) and has sold 6.8 million copies in the United States, topped the" Billboard"
Fields was one of the films he was most proud of as it provided a sense of dignity of the fallen, without glorifying war.
Several of his earlier works have been adapted into films, including David Cronenberg's controversial 1996 adaptation of "Crash" and Ben Wheatley's 2015 adaptation of "High-Rise".
Their son Robert de Ferrers inherited the title Baron Ferrers of Chartley upon his father's death from poisoning in Gascony in 1312.
It is the third and final installment in the" Night at the Museum" film series, and a sequel to.
Lehman's death, along with those of two other former child actors, Rusty Hamer and Tim Hovey, inspired Paul Petersen to found A Minor Consideration, an advocacy group for child stars.
He had previously served as a member of the Federal Senate from Ceará from 1991 to 1999, as well as the national Minister of Planning, Budget, and Management from 1994 to 1995 during the administration of President Itamar Franco.
Upon the death of her father on 5 April 1369, she inherited the title of Baroness Burghersh.
Edgar Wilson" Bill" Nye( August 25, 1850 February 22, 1896) was an American humorist.
Lee Mantle was appointed to the U.S. Senate to fill the vacancy in the term commencing March 4, 1893, caused by the failure of the legislature to elect, but was not seated; he was then elected as a Republican to fill the vacancy and served from January 16, 1895 to March 3, 1899.
Declared an outlaw by the Spanish king in 1580, he was assassinated by Balthasar Gérard (also written as "Gerardts") in Delft in 1584.
Luis Bayón Herrera (23 September 1889 – 30 March 1956) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter who worked in Argentine film of the 1940s and 1950s.
Walter Henrique de Oliveira( born October 21, 1968) is a former Brazilian football player.
" Mac Dre's It's Not What You Say ... It's How You Say
Among the numerous factors that prevented Oliveira from making more films during this time period were the political situation in Portugal, family obligations and money.
He was credited as Max Opuls on several of his American films, including "The Reckless MomentCaughtLetter from an Unknown Woman", and "The Exile".
Franz Joseph I of Austria and Maximilian I of Mexico.
She posted a 2- 3 pitching record in eight games and batted an average of .222( 4- for- 18).
It won an Oscar for Best Sound Effects Editing.
He was the first to suggest the idea of founding a Jewish National Fund to buy land in Palestine.
Edward governed well and powerfully, despite the conditions against him.
He too, like his uncle Ranulph before him, left four sisters as his co-heirs.
He remained in the Navy until 1959, helping to develop the University Naval Training Division and the Regular Officer Training Plan.
He has won the Golden Bear at the Berlin International Film Festival for" Elite Squad" in 2008.
Petrus de Domarto( fl. c. 1445– 1455) was a Franco- Flemish composer of the Renaissance.
He was awarded MA in 1778.
In his time, he was one of the world's most totalitarian, despotic and repressive dictators.
Lady Byron’s reminiscences, published after her death by Harriet Beecher Stowe, revealed her fears about an alleged incest Lord Byron had with his half-sister.
He succeeded his father as Earl of Castlehaven and Baron Audley on 12 October 1740.
The film stars Buck Jones, Tim McCoy, Raymond Hatton, Luana Walters, Dave O'Brien and Lois Austin.
His duties included organizing parades, corresponding with the local North Bay Daily Nugget Newspaper, and hosting occasional free movie admission nights for residents who purchased bonds.
No matarás(" Do Not Kill") is a 1943 Mexican film.
In 2014, she went on tour with pop group MKTO.
He owned several racehorses and land.
It premiered at the New York Film Festival, and invited to the Director's Fortnight program at the Cannes Film Festival.
Saint Victor may refer to:
an exam on its teachings was a part of the driving test in Turkmenistan.
" Yesenia" was a blockbuster in the Soviet Union, where it sold 91.4 million tickets, and became the highest- grossing film in the Soviet Union.
(1414–29).
He came to the throne after a war of succession during which his state was nearly partitioned by Zhao and Han.
Dillon Freasier( born March 6, 1996) is an American actor, best known for his role in the epic drama film" There Will Be Blood"( 2007).
Ven mi corazón te llama is a 1942 Argentine film directed by Manuel Romero.
Pydimarri Venkata Subba Rao( June 10, 1916 – 1988) was a Telugu author who is best remembered as the composer of the National Pledge of India.
He began his career in Sweden, before moving to Hollywood in 1924.
He is the member of Nepal Communist Party.
The film was released on November 1, 1959, is 96 minutes in length, and shot in black- and- white.
In 1893 he became the first superintendent of the London County Council's Claybury Asylum, where he developed new treatments.
He was involved in film productions, including" Nine Lives" and" Struggle for Eagle Peak"
His father, Adelo was master of the castle of Dun on the Meuse which had been given to the church of Verdun by Emperor Henry IV.
He fought in World War I, where he was wounded.
He was considered a good ruler, as he could keep his country out of further wars.
Frederick Bradley( 1908- date of death unknown) was an English rower.
André Téchiné (born 13 March 1943) is a French screenwriter and film director.
Bay of Angels is a 1963 French film directed by Jacques Demy.
Frederick William of Brandenburg- Schwedt( 17 November 1700 – 4 March 1771) was a German nobleman.
In addition to making some changes in the plot and characterizations, it sets the tale, not in 19th- century Russia, but in mid-20th- century Los Angeles.
It features Greenaway's trademark neoclassical compositions and graphic sexuality.
Grage's results from 2006 to 2011 were good enough to pass the qualification limits of the International Skating Union for participation in the European Championships.
He inherited the title of Baron Ferrers of Chartley upon his father's death at the Battle of Nájera on 3 April 1367 but was never summoned to parliament.
He was adopted by King Sigebert III and Queen Chimnechild.
The Gurugram branch also houses a museum with a diverse collection of manuscripts, artifacts, coins and textiles from all over the world, and a mini zoo, which is home to a few ducks, rabbits, parrots, parakeets, a variety of pigeons and fish.
Sofía Bozán
William Henry Bidlake MA, FRIBA (12 May 1861 – 6 April 1938) was an English architect, a leading figure of the Arts and Crafts movement in Birmingham and Director of the School of Architecture at Birmingham School of Art from 1919 until 1924.
The third film in the series," Krrish 3" was released in 2013.
In the United States, the song broke the record for the biggest single- week sum of all time for a female artist selling 610,000 digital downloads in one week.
The film is about the lives of prisoners in British India who are brought to Kālā Pānī, the Cellular Jail in Port Blair, Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
McNeill left for Bruges with a Belgian artist, and was pursued by Augustus, with whom she returned to England.
On screen, he is best known for appearing in the third season of the ITV drama series" Robin of Sherwood" in 1986.
His general Suetonius Paulinus crushed a major revolt in Britain, led by the Iceni Queen Boudica.
Tapio Kantanen( born 31 May 1949 in Heinola) was a Finnish athlete, who mainly competed in the 3,000 metre steeple chase.
The gospel song is sung in the closing scene of the film" Places in the Heart"( 1984) and by Ronee Blakley in the Robert Altman film" Nashville"( 1975).
Adam Gottlieb Hermann Muthesius( 20 April 1861 – 29 October 1927), known as Hermann Muthesius, was a German architect, author and diplomat, perhaps best known for promoting many of the ideas of the English Arts and Crafts movement within Germany and for his subsequent influence on early pioneers of German architectural modernism such as the Bauhaus.
Beginning his career as a stunt performer, he was hired to perform stunts in number of notable television series namely" Police StoryHarry ORich Man, Poor Man Book IIGemini ManRoots" and" M* A* S*H".
A Benedictine monk and chronicler, he made updates to the" World ChronicleChronicon universale") of Frutolf of Michelsberg adding important German history between 1098 and 1125 during the reign of Emperor Henry V, in which he sided strongly with the papacy in the Investiture Controversy.
Marian Lois Robinson( née Shields; born July 29, 1937) is the mother of Michelle Obama, former First Lady of the United States, and Craig Robinson, a basketball executive, and the mother- in- law of former U.S. President Barack Obama.
At that time, Brancaleone was in Catalonia to receive the honorific title of "Count of Monteleone and Baron of Lower Marmilla.
Ross Jr. also edited and executive produced the film.
Besson is associated with the" Cinéma du look" film movement.
All recount essentially the same passage, given by the last two as follows:
Huang Wenyong( 25 July 1952 – 20 April 2013) was a Malaysia- born Singaporean former actor and former teacher of Chinese descent as local media and fellow referred to as" Ah Ge"( senior actor) due to his status.
The song was the best- selling single worldwide in 2010, selling 12.8 million copies in that year alone, As of 2019, the song now has sold over 25 million copies, making it the third best- selling digital single worldwide.
Lucas Demare( July 14, 1910 – September 6, 1981) was an Argentine film director, screenwriter and film producer prominent in the Cinema of Argentina in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.
Linda Mae Miller (née Gleason; born September 16, 1942) is an American film, stage, and television actress.
Rupert I of Legnica( 27 March 1347 – by 12 January 1409) was a Duke of Legnica since 1364 until his death, and also regent over half of the Duchy of Głogów- Żagań during 1397 – 1401.
It was screened in competition at the 48th Venice International Film Festival.
Princess" Ida" Caroline of Waldeck and Pyrmont( 26 September 1796 – 12 April 1869) was a member of the House of Waldeck and Pyrmont and a Princess of Waldeck and Pyrmont.
Becoming a specialist in the treatment of mental illness, he worked as a junior medical officer at the Royal Earlswood Institution and Colney Hatch during the 1880s, and became resident physician and superintendent of Earlswood Asylum in 1888.
Originally from Bairnsdale Football Club, Edmond made his senior debut for Footscray Football Club in the Victorian Football League( VFL) in 1977.
Lucian Pintilie (9 November 1933 – 16 May 2018) was a Romanian film director and screenwriter.
It tells a story of two star- crossed lovers.
After the coup of 1972 his half- brother Sheikh Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani appointed him as the Minister of the Interior.
John I, Duke of Cleves, Count of Mark( 16 February 1419 – 5 September 1481) was Duke of Cleves and Count of Mark.
Her three children were raised in anonymity; however, as the only grandchildren of the pretender, they have been the subject of Jacobite interest since their lineage was uncovered in the 20th century.
He is the father of the composer Peter Michael Hamel.
He directed nearly 200 films between 1913 and 1957.
Prince Joseph Wenzel of Liechtenstein, Count Rietberg (born 24 May 1995) is the eldest child of Prince Alois of Liechtenstein, the Regent and Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein, and his wife Princess Sophie of Bavaria, Duchess in Bavaria, he is also the eldest grandchild of the current ruling prince of Liechtenstein.
Heaven Without Love(" a crack in heaven") is a Serbian- language Croatian drama film directed by Vladimir Pogačić, adapted from a novel by Milan Tuturov.
They are known for their energetic live shows and prolific recording output, having released two EPs and 15 studio albums since their formation.
He came to prominence as a director and screenwriter during La Movida Madrileña, a cultural renaissance that followed after the end of Francoist Spain.
Edward died when she was only 10 years old and Katherine subsequently married in 1379 to Edward's nephew, William of Jülich.
The film is described by co-producer Jean Labadie as "a return to the Greenaway of "The Draughtsman's Contract
In 2009, she attracted international attention when she staged a hunger strike in Lanzarote Airport after being denied re-entry into Moroccan Western Sahara.
In 1752, he was invested as a Fellow of the Royal Society, and in 1769, he was appointed Surveyor General of the Land Revenues of the Crown.
The film was named the sixth best undistributed film of 2015 in the 2015 IndieWire Critics Poll.
He is known for having scored" RoboCop"( 2014), the Netflix series" Narcos", Max Payne 3( 2012)," Elite Squad" and" Elite Squad II", the highest- grossing film in Brazil's box office history.
Abdulrahman bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani( born 1871- died 1930) was the sixth son of Sheikh Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani, the previous Emir and the founder of modern Qatar.
Tribute to the Lady is the third studio album by American singer- songwriter Sam Cooke, released in 1959.
The action takes place mainly in London, where much of the location filming took place.
Jonathan Terry is a television and film actor.
He has appeared in more than 50 films and television shows since 1996.
In 1627 he married his cousin Maria Gonzaga, Marquise of Montferrat and heiress to the Duchy of Mantua.
The album was a commercial failure, and led Buchanan to a break and a pause for reflection.
Al- Mutawakkil's first target was the vizier Ibn al- Zayyat, against whom he harboured a deep grudge over the way he had disrespected him in the past.
Sir Philip Henry Macarthur Goldfinch KBE( 13 April 1884 – 7 April 1943) was an Australian politician.
The Football Lottery( Spanish: La quiniela) is a 1960 Spanish comedy film directed by Ana Mariscal.
" The Mark of Zorro" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Score.
He obtained the support of most Unionist MPs for this stance, but the Unionists suffered a landslide defeat at the 1906 general election.
He is notable for four policies:
Leopoldo Giovanni Giuseppe Michele of Bourbon- Two Sicilies, Prince of Salerno( 2 July 1790, Naples, Kingdom of Naples – 10 March 1851, Naples, Kingdom of the Two Sicilies) was a member of the House of Bourbon- Two Sicilies and a Prince of Bourbon- Two Sicilies.
He first became known for his role as bartender Woody Boyd on the NBC sitcom" Cheers"( 1985 – 1993), for which he won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series from a total of five nominations.
He enjoyed some success with "Teresa Raquin" and "Sperduti nel buio".
The song was first published in 1912 and popularized during the Billy Sunday evangelistic campaigns of the early twentieth century by two members of his staff, Homer Rodeheaver and Virginia Asher.
According to Tacitus he was said to have seized Christians as scapegoats for the fire and burned them alive, seemingly motivated not by public justice but by personal cruelty.
Pratisodh is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Anup Sengupta and produced by Shela Kalyani.
Riders of the Plains is a 1924 Western film serial directed by Jacques Jaccard.
Zuberi has appeared in several documentaries on Africa and the African diaspora, including( 2002), and" 500 Years Later"( 2005).
Andrew's rule was unpopular, and the boyars (or noblemen) expelled him.
In 2006, Collège Pierre- Elliott- Trudeau was designated an unesco school.
James Russell Garth (1 May 1922 – June 1972) was a Scottish footballer who played for Drumchapel Amateurs, Greenock Morton, Preston North End, Clyde, Raith Rovers and Inverness Caledonian .
It is based on Leah Napolin and Isaac Bashevis Singer's play of the same name, itself based on Singer's short story" Yentl the Yeshiva Boy."
In 2017 the band released a cover of the jazz standard Misty as a single on Blank City Records.
The school began operation in a rented building at Tangasseri with 275 students on roll.
When Love Sets the Fashion (German: Wenn die Liebe Mode macht) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Franz Wenzler and starring Renate Müller, Hubert von Meyerinck and Georg Alexander.
Paul Chart( born 10 October 1961) is an English film director, screenwriter and producer.
She was also the only niece of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, and the wife of the wealthiest man in Imperial Russia, Prince Felix Felixovich Yusupov, one of the men who murdered Grigori Rasputin, "holy healer" to her cousin, the hemophiliac Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia, in 1916.
Alexandru Cristea( 1890 – 1942) was the composer of the music for" Limba Noastră", current national anthem of Moldova.
Notable political activists and Thai citizens who criticized the king or the institution of monarchy were often forced into exile or to suffer frequent imprisonments.
She was the regent of Mantua during the War of the Spanish Succession.
During the Nine Years' War he served in the Netherlands Company at the Battle of Fleurus (1690) (severely wounded), the siege of Namur, the Battle of Steenkerke (1692), and the Battle of Neerwinden (1693).
A successful businessman when they married, he credited her with encouraging him into political life, and rising to the premiership.
In 1817 he was granted the rank of a younger son of a marquess and assumed by Royal licence the surname of Crichton.
Santiago Eduardo Urueta Sierra( February 24, 1904 – March 23, 1979), more commonly known as Chano Urueta, was a Mexican film director, producer, screenwriter, and actor.
It discharges into the Crișul Alb near Buteni.
They had two daughters together and, although neither could succeed to the French throne due to the Salic Law, the eldest was proclaimed the heiress of Brittany.
Perdonami!( i. e." Forgive me!") is a 1953 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Mario Costa and starring Raf Vallone and Antonella Lualdi.
Lars Erik ("Lasse")
Born in Birmingham, England, his mother converted to Mormonism and immigrated to the United States with her children; they settled at Salt Lake City, Utah in 1864.
He chose to complete his baccalaureate studies in Austria.
It was released in China on 27 July 2018.
Burrell was educated at St John's College, Cambridge, and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in 1745 and then with a Master of Arts.
She was critical of Descartes' dualistic metaphysics and her work anticipated the metaphysical concerns of later philosophers.
Between 1904 and 1917 he published "The Word".
My General's Women( Spanish: Las mujeres de mi general) is a 1951 Mexican drama film directed by Ismael Rodríguez and starring Pedro Infante, Lilia Prado and Chula Prieto.
He is interred at Glendale's Forest Lawn Memorial Park Cemetery, near his wife, Pearl Argyle Wellman Bernhardt.
It opened to wide acclaim from critics, who praised its screenplay and ensemble cast.
The Woman with the Orchid (
Maria then went to Rome and proposed the sale of her rights to Charles of Anjou; with papal blessing and confirmation, these were sold to Charles in 1277.
He was the 1,177th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria.
It is written and produced by Stock Aitken& Waterman and followed her previous single" Hot Girl" in Europe, while it was her second single release in the UK, following" Boys( Summertime Love)".
The song was composed and produced by the singer of the band Andrés Nusser and released like third single of the album on February 1, 2013.
Marianus V (1378 or 1379 – 1407) was the Judge of Arborea from 1387 until his death.
In 1216, in the Champagne War of Succession, he supported Erard I, Count of Brienne, in his quarrel with Theobald IV, Count of Champagne, who was supported by Philip II of France, Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor, and Henry II of Bar.
In September 1982, the song reached its peak position of No. 5 on the" Billboard" Hot 100, becoming the group's seventh consecutive top five hit on the US pop chart.
He was selected by the Denver Broncos in the seventh round of the 2013 NFL Draft.
Men of the Sea( Spanish:" Hombres de mar") is a 1938 Mexican film.
She was the fifth wife of King of Judea Herod the Great.
An aura is a perceptual disturbance experienced by some with migraines or seizures.
He was the third son of Count William Louis of Nassau-Saarbrücken (1590 — 22 August 1640) and Countess Anna Amalia of Baden-Durlach (1595–1651), who named him after king Gustav II Adolf of Sweden, who was still alive at the time.
They had seven children:
His 1960 film" Macario" was entered into the 1960 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
He was a son of Emperor Iyasu I and brother to Emperors Tekle Haymanot I and Dawit III.
Anna of Masovia( c. 1498 – after 26 January 1557 in Jaroslaw) was Princess of Mazovia and a member of the House of Piast.
Ray's first film," Pather Panchali"( 1955), won eleven international prizes, including the inaugural Best Human Document award at the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
, she was outspoken on political issues and a determined opponent of slavery, which was excluded from the formation of California.
From 1934 up until his death he wrote articles in the' London Day by Day' column under the pseudonym' Peterborough' in" The Daily Telegraph".
Tarzan and the Lost Safari is a 1957 action adventure film featuring Edgar Rice Burroughs' famous jungle hero Tarzan and starring Gordon Scott, Robert Beatty, Yolande Donlan and Betta St. John.
Norodom Kanviman Norleak Tevi( 1876–1912) was a Cambodian princess, and the spouse of Sisowath Monivong, whom she married in 1894, and had seven children.
He succeeded his father on 20 February 1616/7 as Earl of Castlehaven and Baron Audley.
The elder de Brus' allegiances were compromised when David I invaded England in the later 1130s, and he had renounced his fealty to David before the Battle of the Standard in 1138.
Richard Neville, 2nd Baron Latimer KB (c.1468 – c. 28 December 1530) of Snape, North Yorkshire, was an English soldier and peer.
He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Howard Robert Swearer( March 13, 1932 – October 19, 1991) was a U.S. educator.
George Andrew Romero( February 4, 1940 – July 16, 2017) was an American filmmaker, writer, and editor.
Frederick Williams( born 1873) was an English footballer.
She competed in the women's eight event at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
In the early 1930s he worked on several multi-language version films for UFA, producing the same films in distinct German and foreign- language versions.
Among the T- X's targets is John's future wife Kate Brewster( Danes), but not John himself, as his whereabouts are unknown to Skynet.
The film is now considered lost.
Strock graduated in 1941 from USC, where he studied journalism and film.
John Francis Dillon (July 13, 1884 – April 4, 1934) was an American film director and actor of the silent era.
William of St. Barbara or William of Ste Barbe( died 1152) was a medieval Bishop of Durham.
Childebert III the Adopted ("Childebertus Adoptivus") was a Frankish king.
It is named for the American writer, William Sydney Porter, better known as O. Henry who lived in the house in 1885.
A member of the Democratic Party, he was an architect and champion of westward expansion by the United States, a cause that became known as Manifest Destiny.
He is the son of well-known Hong Kong actress Connie Chan.
He is frequently cited as one of the most influential filmmakers in cinematic history.
In his time, liberals in the Republican Party were called "Rockefeller Republicans".
She died at Rutland Gate, Hyde Park, London, aged 67.
In 1940 he rejoined Universal's serial department as a dialogue coach, working on such popular serials as "Gang Busters" and "Adventures of the Flying Cadets".
Like many of Godard's films it includes numerous quotes and references to previous artistic, philosophical and scientific works, most prominently those of Jacques Ellul, Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn and Mary Shelley.
Part of the New Hollywood wave of filmmaking, he is widely regarded as one of the most significant and influential filmmakers in cinematic history.
François Poilly, or François de Poilly,( 1623, – 1693) was a French engraver.
My Cousin from Warsaw is a 1931 French- German comedy film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Elvire Popesco, André Roanne and Madeleine Lambert.
Dreams of Love or Dream of Love may refer to:
From 2014–2016, Feild portrayed Major John André in. Feild's film credits include" Telstar"( 2009),( 2011)," Austenland"( 2013), and" Professor Marston and the Wonder Women"( 2017).
Coming of age story about two inner-city youths, who are left to fend for themselves over the summer after their mothers are taken away by the authorities.
The film produced by the National Film Development Corporation of India( NFDC) was directed by Mani Kaul and starred his daughter Shambhavi Kaul with Shekhar Kapur and Surekha Sikri.
For series purposes, the film is known as the storyline "The Sword of She-Ra".
In the film, set largely in 1938, Indiana searches for his father, a Holy Grail scholar, who has been kidnapped by Nazis.
She was notable for being the mother of Mira Marković, posthumously making her the mother-in-law of Serbian president Slobodan Milošević.
China Musician- in- Residence in 2017, and PRSF Composer Fund awardee in 2019.
Qutb ad- Din Muhammad was the Zengid Emir of Sinjar 1197 – 1219.
Henri Verdun( 1895–1977) was a French composer of film scores.
Reginald III of Guelders( or" Renaud", known as" The Fat")( 13 May 1333 – 4 December 1371) was Duke of Guelders and Count of Zutphen from 1343 to 1361, and again in 1371.
During this time, Damascus' chief rivals to the north, Aleppo and Mosul, were united under the rule of the Zengid dynasty.
He is older brother of Flip van der Merwe
He was the son of Henry de Bohun, 1st Earl of Hereford, and Maud FitzGeoffrey.
Hope entered the office of Bradshaw& Gass as a pupil in 1892 and was made a partner ten years later creating Bradshaw, Gass& Hope( after 1912 Bradshaw Gass& Hope).
She is the sister of actress and singers Jannike and Anine Kruse.
Princess Dorothea Maria Henriette Auguste Louise of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha (30 April 1881 – 21 January 1967) was a princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha  by birth and the duchess of Schleswig-Holstein  through her marriage to Ernst Gunther, duke of Schleswig-Holstein.
After the film's production, Reagan married Wyman in 1940.
This Spanish – Equatorian, Francisco Fernández de La Cueva y Fernandez de la Cueva, 10th Duke, was thus family connected through paternal and maternal links with 2 former Viceroys of New Spain, Viceroys of México, his uncle Francisco IV, the 8th Duke of Albuquerque and Lope Díez de Armendáriz.
Its feeder middle schools are Lincoln Junior High School (located in Skokie), Fairview South School (located in Skokie), Lincoln Hall Middle School (located in Lincolnwood), Culver Middle School (located in Niles), and Park View School (located in Morton Grove).
A child born to Swiss parents is automatically assigned the place of origin of the parent with the same last name, so the child either gets their mother's or father's place of origin.
He obtained from John, King of England, the grant of a weekly market at Hartlepool, and granted lands to the canons of Gisburn.
That same year he married Christiane Charlotte of Nassau- Ottweiler, the daughter of his cousin Frederick Louis of Nassau- Ottweiler.
His surname was Doria, but since he belonged to the ruling house of Arborea he is often dynastically called Bas-Serra, or Doria-Bas.
Henry IV, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg( died 7 July 1374) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Bernburg.
The Lonesome Strangers, and Candye Kane.
Sinbad the Sailor is a 1935 animated short film produced and directed by Ub Iwerks.
He died in Munich, Bavaria, Germany.
He ran for North Carolina Central University, where he was part of their record-setting team at the Penn Relays.
The narrative of Sudan is told through the eyes of activists from various segments of American society.
Louis XII was deeply in love with his wife and Anne had many opportunities to reassert the independence of her duchy.
"The Autumn Waltz" is a popular song with music by Cy Coleman and lyrics by Bob Hilliard, published in 1956.
Ala ud-Din, he succeeded his father, Muhammad Shah to the throne and took on the regnal name of Alam Shah ("world king").
It is the sixth studio album by Bay Area rapper Mac Dre released on November 20, 2001.
Ilias Ahmed Chowdhury was a Bangladesh Awami League politician and the former Member of Parliament from Madaripur- 1.
He was an agrologist by career.
In 1952, her father died, her sister became queen, and Townsend divorced his wife, Rosemary.
Andrew introduced a new grants policy, the so-called "new institutions", giving away money and royal estates to his partisans despite the loss of royal revenues.
You Are Not Alone".
It was released in 2010.
In 1990, it became the first film to be selected for preservation in the National Film Registry in its first year of eligibility.
Her sixth studio album, "Norman Fucking Rockwell!"
He was most recently a member of The Highland Travelers, which announced on November 15, 2018 that they were disbanding, with Adam pursuing an alternative profession other than music.
Some institutions put the Pledge into the formal program for their Commencement ceremonies.
Alford was educated at Eton and Magdalene College, Cambridge.
He succeeded to the barony on the death of his brother John without male issue on 23 October 1596.
Joanna of Aragon( Barcelona 7 November 1344- Castellón, Ampurias 1385) was the second child of Peter IV of Aragon and his first wife Maria of Navarre.
The album was acclaimed by music critics, who praised the album's energy and feminist lyrics.
Fraser's goal in making Bond of Strangers was to raise awareness about this important, but often neglected, part of Canada's military history.
The band consists of Stu Mackenzie( vocals, guitar, bass, keyboards, flute), Ambrose Kenny- Smith( vocals, harmonica, keyboards), Cook Craig( guitar, bass, vocals), Joey Walker( guitar, bass, keyboards, vocals), Lucas Skinner( bass, keyboards), Michael Cavanagh( drums, percussion), and Eric Moore( drums, percussion, management).
Warfare defined the foreign policy of Louis XIV, and his personality shaped his approach.
Suramarit was born in Phnom Penh to Prince Norodom Sutharot.
Roberto Savio( born in Rome, Italy, but also holding Argentine nationality) is a journalist, communication expert, political commentator, activist for social and climate justice and advocate of global governance.
The Admiral Was a Lady is a 1950 American comedy film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Edmond O'Brien and Wanda Hendrix.
It was the first of three films featuring the detective Philo Vance made by the Producers Releasing Corporation, as part of a loose series of Vance films stretching back to 1929.
Maria Teresa, Grand Duchess of Luxembourg( born María Teresa Mestre y Batista; on 22 March 1956), is the spouse of Grand Duke Henri.
The film won Best Feature Film at the 2016 British Academy Scotland Awards.
In 1423, it came to an armed conflict between Adolf and Gerhard, who had allied himself with the Archbishop of Cologne.
Francis Zorzi (or Giorgi)  (1337–1388), called Marchesotto, was a member of the Venetian Zorzi family and the Marquess of Bodonitsa in Central Greece from 1345 to his death.
Daigo's reign spanned the years from 897 through 930.
Lennon was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice, as a member of the Beatles in 1988 and as a solo artist in 1994.
He succeeded his father in 1272 or 1273, as the Count of Looz and Chiny.
Miljenko Hrkać
Admiral was a career naval officer in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
Auguste Chouteau was among the first young men from Missouri to be appointed to West Point by Thomas Jefferson.
The undersea river stems from salty water spilling through the Bosphorus Strait from the Mediterranean Sea into the Black Sea, where the water has a lower salt content.
He directed the 1982 adaption of" Les Misérables", and appeared in" Vice and VirtueLe CasseLes Uns et les Autres" and" Venus Beauty Institute".
Vijayakanth also won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Tamil.
The 1940 film "Murder in the Air" was the last in the series.
It co-stars Larry Johns, Herb Jacobs, Barbara Morrison, and Ernestine Barrier.
Veendum Lisa is a 1987 Malayalam horror film.
During his reign, the redoubtable general Corbulo conducted a successful war and negotiated peace with the Parthian Empire.
I.I: The Phantom Edit is a fan edit of the film, removing many elements of the original film.
He is the father of famed percussionists, Walfredo Reyes Jr. and Daniel de los Reyes, and of actor, Kamar de los Reyes.
Williamson has played professionally in the NBA Development League, the National Basketball League of Canada, Germany and Greece.
It is an adaptation of a book by the same name.
After the war he was living at Old Deer Park Gardens Richmond with his parents, and in 1955 married Katherine Berg, daughter of Alfred Berg.
She and her partner Marko Keränen were ranked seconds, right after Tomi Metsäketo and Sanna Hirvaskari.
Conrad I of Nuremberg( 1186 – 1261) was a Burgrave of Nuremberg of the House of Hohenzollern.
It is directed by Peque Gallaga and Lore Reyes.
Karan Soni( born January 8, 1989) is an Indian- born American actor.
However, as the dinner approaches his plans are disrupted, both professionally by the launch of a public protest by several families whose homes were expropriated for the highway construction and personally by the return of Réjeanne( Luce Guilbeault), his ex-wife who is now married into the family of rival contractor Sam Tannenbaum( Henry Gamer).
He played college football at the University of Tennessee.
Richton was born in Chicago Heights, Illinois.
She began her acting career in 2008.
In 2013," The Magnificent Seven" was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being" culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
When not on tour with Big Star, he works as CEO of Ardent Studios- the same studio Big Star recorded all of their albums.
He was most often credited on screen as R. G. Springsteen.
He was released in 1226, by the French regent, Blanche of Castile, after the accession of her son Louis IX of France.
Francis even made overtures to the Navarrese mercenaries of Juan de Urtubia before his death, perhaps encouraging their sack of Thebes.
For his artistry he was awarded the title" People's artist of Ukraine" in 1919 and later" People's Artist of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic" in 1926.
Ethel Jackson (November 1, 1877 – November 23, 1957) was a United States actress and comic prima donna of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Based loosely on real events, the plot centres on a group of outlaws who abduct women in order to marry them.
Alf Malland( 24 January 1917 – 16 August 1997) was a Norwegian actor.
Go After an Easy Prey( Chinese: 瓮中捉鳖) is a Chinese animated film in black and white from 1948.
Joan Wyndham( 1911–2000) was a British actress.
Cyrus Massoumi is the founder of the investment fund humbition.
During Louis' long reign, France was the leading European power, and it fought three major wars: the Franco-Dutch War, the War of the League of Augsburg, and the War of the Spanish Succession.
He frequently performed with the slogan "This machine kills fascists" displayed on his guitar.
The film was released by Warner Bros. on January 13, 1940.
Hemenway and Hall recruited William Brewster, a leading ornithologist to be the Massachusetts Audubon Society's first president.
It goes into intricate depth about The Adjuster, as he traces the genesis, production, and reception of the film.
Harsh in his sentencing, he was nicknamed" Erik Bloodaxe" by some, but later remitted some of his own sentences.
It was recorded as one of the first tracks for Del Rey's second studio album, "Born to Die" (2012) but didn't make the cut.
He was most active throughout the 1950s and 1960s.
Boritzer is also a yoga teacher who teaches regular classes locally and guest- teaches nationally.
It is a sequel to Now Where Did the 7th Company Get to ?.
A member of the amphibious Mon Calamari species, Ackbar was the foremost military commander of the Rebel Alliance, and led the attack against the second Death Star in" Return of the Jedi"( 1983), the final entry in the original" Star Wars" trilogy.
The $5,000,000 Counterfeiting Plot is a 1914 silent film thriller directed by Bertram Harrison.
Münden; died: 20 March 1568 in Gurievsk  near Königsberg) was a Duchess of Brunswick-Lüneberg by birth and by marriage Duchess of Prussia.
At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 8 families.
He began his film career as a press officer for the Walt Disney Company's London office.
She has acted in more than 600 films in Kannada, Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu, Tulu, and Hindi.
He was the fourth son of Abu Sa'id Mirza, the Emperor of the Timurid Empire in what is now Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Afghanistan and eastern Iran.
In 1922 the most famous, "El bailarín del cabaret", was staged with the César Ratti's company, where Corsini triunfó (had a success) with "Patotero sentimental".
Vzdusné torpédo 48 is a 1937 Czechoslovak psychological drama film directed by Miroslav Cikán.
John Moubray
Don Juan died in 1563.
Shahinabad Junction railway station is located in Pakistan.
He worked in Hollywood primarily as a director for much of his career, becoming a United States citizen in 1937.
Produced by De Laurentiis Entertainment Group and featuring special effects by Carlo Rambaldi, the film stars Linda Hamilton and Brian Kerwin.
The film was released on January 10, 1936, by Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer.
Caesar's wars extended Rome's territory to Britain and past Gaul.
The Chinese government's official explanation is that Lin and his family attempted to flee following a botched coup against Mao.
It was directed by Chano Urueta and was the debut film of actress Katy Jurado, who was only 19 at the time it was released.
A bag- in- box or BiB is a type of container for the storage and transportation of liquids.
His 1967 album with Frank Sinatra, "Francis Albert Sinatra & Antônio Carlos Jobim", was nominated for Album of the Year in 1968.
The La Cueva feeder schools include Desert Ridge, Madison, and Eisenhower middle schools; and Dennis Chavez, Double Eagle, E. G. Ross, Hubert Humphrey, and North Star elementary schools.
From 1921 to 1923 he was on the supplementary list or reserve of Officers for the Coldstream Guards.
He left Russia in April 1919, at age nineteen.
Antonio Campos( born August 24, 1983) is an American film director, screenwriter and film producer.
He was buried at the Cementerio Británico in Buenos Aires.
He ruled the Burgraviate of Nuremberg jointly with his younger brother Frederick IV.
They had four daughters and a son, Peter, the later Baron Gwydyr.
He was of Danish descent through his paternal side.
She spent the later part of her life on the isle of Capri, Italy.
The film has musical score by Shyam.
Lapidoth(" Lappidothtorches") was the husband of Deborah the fourth Judge of Israel.
Teen Witch is a 1989 American teen fantasy comedy film directed by Dorian Walker, written by Robin Menken and Vernon Zimmerman, and starring Robyn Lively and Zelda Rubinstein.
The film was shot on hand- held video in the Cinéma vérité style.
Edward died from wounds received at the Battle of Baesweiler, and Reginald, who was known as the fat, died months later.
Year of the Horse is a 1997 documentary directed by Jim Jarmusch following Neil Young and Crazy Horse on their 1996 tour; an accompanying live album by Neil Young& Crazy Horse was released in 1997.
The film is an adaptation of the successful Broadway play of the same name written by two former VMI cadets, John Monks, Jr. and Fred Finklehoffe, which ran for 577 performances between December 1936 and April 1938.
She believes that being a wife of another runner, she was able to have a long career, unlike many other Kenyan female runners whose careers are cut short by family life.
He has largely adhered to this practice during the 21st century, with" Munich"( 2005)," Lincoln"( 2012)," Bridge of Spies"( 2015), and" The Post"( 2017).
Edmonton/ Villeneuve( Rose Field) Aerodrome is a private aerodrome located southeast of Villeneuve in Sturgeon County, Alberta, Canada.
in 1228, whereupon he assumed the role of Count of Chiny.
He was Chaplain to Henry Paget, 1st Marquess of Anglesey.
She has also made appearances on" The Andy Dick ShowMonkTwo and a Half MenHeroes", MTV Movie Awards 2004," House", and" The Bold and the Beautiful".
While on their way to Flanders, Ferdinand and Joan were captured by Joan's first cousin Louis, eldest son of Philip II of France and Joan's aunt Isabella.
" Panda" is a song of the Chilean band Astro and is the fifth song of the homonymous album of the year 2011.
In 1965 Majrooh Sultanpuri received Filmfare award in the best lyrics category for this song.
He was the second owner of the Prussian secundogeniture of Brandenburg- Schwedt.
This is generally accepted as the time when the city was founded.
Some scholars report that Elizabeth was born about 1152 or 1154.
Her first novel "Vesnický román" (A Village Novel) was published in 1867.
Quinn was an important patron of chief figures in Post-impressionism and literary Modernism; a major collector of modern art and original manuscripts; and the first to exhibit these works after winning legal battles against censorship and cultural isolation.
Savio studied Economics at the University of Parma, followed by post -graduate courses in Development Economics under Gunnar Myrdal, History of Art and International Law in Rome.
And travel Zimbabwe with the wise-cracking Energy Maburutse, whose humor belies the seriousness of his situation.
Out of the Rain is a 1991 film directed by Gary Winick.
This film, written by Katherine Lawrence and Christy Marx, is based on the poem about Hua Mulan, which had been made as a film by Walt Disney Pictures the same year as" Mulan", and combined with elements from another popular 1998 animated film," A Bug's Life".
Despite his chaotic term of office, Scullin remained a leading figure in the Labor movement throughout his lifetime, and served as an "éminence grise" in various capacities for the party until his retirement in 1949.
Layneker Evelio Zafra Martínez( born May 23, 1986 in San Cristóbal), known as Layneker Zafra or simply Zafra, is a Venezuelan footballer who plays as defender at Deportivo Táchira.
Sara Gazarek is an American jazz singer from Seattle.
It was shot during the spring and summer of 1969 in the Mojave Desert and in Los Angeles.
Parvatibai (Marathi:)(6
Lothair fled to Paris and was there besieged.
On 5 May 1341 he was elected Bishop of Wrocław, however due to opposition of the Archbishop of Gniezno, Janisław, he had to personally go to Avignon for Papal approval, which was confirmed on 28 January 1342.
Bohun died in 1298, and was succeeded by his son, Humphrey de Bohun, 4th Earl of Hereford.
Hiram "Hank" Williams (September 17, 1923 – January 1, 1953) was an American singer-songwriter and musician.
At other institutions, pledge signers wear green ribbons or green tassels at Commencement to signify their commitment (some schools use a different color of ribbon).
Papaconstantinou has also written and co-written a number of notable songs for Eurovision Song Contest for Sarbel (Greece), Aysel and Arash (Azerbaijan), Ivi Adamou, Eleni Foureira and Tamta (Cyprus).
The track is a hip hop song whose lyrics criticize stereotypical behaviors commonly associated with men.
Anna Maria Antonie of Liechtenstein( 11 September 1699 in Vienna – 20 January 1753 in Vienna), was a princess consort of Liechtenstein; married 19 April 1718 to her cousin prince Joseph Wenzel I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
He also performed fealty to Edward I on 14 March 1304 at St. Andrews.
Mieczysław Krawicz( 1893–1944) was a Polish film director from Warsaw.
The Day of the Owl is a 1968 film directed by Damiano Damiani.
As a critically successful song, "Someone like You" appeared on many year-end lists about the best songs of 2011, topping it in the UK.
Alexander David Bregman( born March 30, 1994) is an American professional baseball third baseman and shortstop for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball( MLB).
See also William Duckett (disambiguation)
It is not known who succeeded Gilduin as abbot of St. Mary.
She is a former makeup artist, business owner, yoga instructor, and former social worker who worked in the mental health sector from 2015 to 2018.
Woodrow Wilson Guthrie (July 14, 1912 – October 3, 1967) was an American singer-songwriter, one of the most significant figures in American western folk music; his music, including songs, such as "
Tun Abdul Razak National Secondary School is a public secondary school located on the outskirts of Kuching, the capital of the East Malaysian state of Sarawak.
He became a Major General in the Austrian Army in 1860.
She had a prominent stage career in Argentina in the 1930s.
His company made Dozakh In Search of Heaven," Alif" and Nakkash.
The song was highly acclaimed by critics as well as audiences, and remained on the top of various Indian music charts for several weeks.
Jean-Pierre announced her run, and easily attained the nomination before going to win the election with 58% of the vote.
He also supported Maria of Sicily against Peter for the Trinacrian throne.
A school division is a geographic division over which a school board has jurisdiction.
While attending the Westminster School of Art in 1903 she met Gwen John, who in turn introduced her to her brother Augustus.
Sans lendemain) is a 1939 French drama film directed by Max Ophüls and starring Edwige Feuillère, George Rigaud and Daniel Lecourtois.
She is the mother of Amy Irving, therefore making her the former mother- in- law of filmmakers Steven Spielberg and Bruno Barreto and the mother- in- law of documentary filmmaker Kenneth Bowser, Jr.
Throughout his career, he illustrated many textbooks and children's books.
He was the eldest son of Bernhard III, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg, by his first wife Agnes, daughter of Rudolf I, Duke of Saxe- Wittenberg and Elector of Saxony.
Around 979, Charles transferred the relics of Saint Gudula from Moorsel to the Saint Gaugericus chapel in Brussels.
Grage and fellow skater Oliver Sundberg are the first Danish speedskaters to reach international competition levels since Kurt Stille ended his career in 1964.
Unlike previous first ladies, who had withdrawn almost entirely from the public spotlight after personal tragedies, Coolidge resumed her official duties after a few months.
The film is set in 1817 in the Salta Province of northwest Argentina during the Argentine War of Independence.
Tamia Marilyn Hill (née Washington; born May 9, 1975) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, producer, and actress.
Matheus Henrique De Souza( born 19 December 1997) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Grêmio.
The Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association( OASPA) is a non-profit trade association representing the interests of open access journal publishers globally in all scientific, technical and scholarly disciplines.
The song has also been recorded by Alf Robertsson and Charlie Norman.
He was the brother of Frederick I of Württemberg
Louise was a member of the House of Stolberg, from the Harz area.
Born and raised in Imperial Russia during the reign of his uncle Nicholas II, he followed a military career and entered the Corps of Pages during World War I. With the fall of the Russian monarchy, he escaped the fate of many of his relatives killed by the Bolsheviks fleeing to his parents estate in Crimea.
In 1975, Lennon disengaged from the music business to raise his infant son Sean, and in 1980, returned with the Ono collaboration "Double Fantasy".
According to Miles' great- granddaughter, the song was written" in a cold, dreary and leaky basement in Pitman, New Jersey that did n't even have a window in it let alone a view of a garden."
Maria Teresa was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies and became a member of the House of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen and titular Princess of Hohenzollern through her marriage to Prince Wilhelm of Hohenzollern (later Prince of Hohenzollern).
The Smell of the Crowd is an album by American jazz flautist Herbie Mann featuring tunes from the Broadway musical by Leslie Bricusse and Anthony Newley, "The Roar of the Greasepaint – The Smell of the Crowd", recorded for the Atlantic label and released in 1965.
She is the only woman to have been queen consort of France twice.
Their daughter Ada worked as a mathematician with Charles Babbage, the pioneer of computer science.
He was killed together with his brother Henry VI, Count of Luxembourg in the Battle of Worringen against John I, Duke of Brabant.
The art director was Tomoo Shimogawara.
He was also Consort Duke of Veragua and of la Vega and a Consort- Marquis of four further titles by his Spanish marriage in 1716.
Mad Youth is a 1940 American film directed by Melville Shyer.
The Turks attempted his release, but al- Mu'tazz, the more alarmed, resolved on his death.
Taurog directed six Martin and Lewis films, and nine Elvis Presley films, more than any other director.
She later worked for Congressman Steve Israel as a Community Outreach Coordinator, and later for the Town of Babylon's Industrial Development Agency.
Hobby won the Jury Award for" Best First Time Director".
Scorsese was exacting in the process of editing and mixing the film, expecting it to be his last major feature.
He became a household name after the success of the 1997 film "Made in Hong Kong", which earned many local and international awards.
Crosby recorded the song again in 1954 for his album.
It's Good Enough for Me" (1908, lyrics by Ren Shields) was a song about a homeless man sleeping on a bench in a public square with statues of Washington, Jefferson, McKinley, Grant and Lee.
The film, described as a" feminist fairy tale", tells the story of the independent Antonia( Willeke van Ammelrooy) who, after returning to the anonymous Dutch village of her birth, establishes and nurtures a close- knit matriarchal community.
Isobel of Huntingdon( 1199 – 1251), also known as Isobel the Scot, was the daughter of David of Scotland, 8th Earl of Huntingdon, grandson of David I of Scotland, and Matilda of Chester.
Her best result at European Championships was 13th on the 3000 m.
In the United States and the United Kingdom the film was released under the title Insatiable – Diary of a Sex Addict.
Sven Anders Peter "Dala" Dahlkvist (born 30 May 1955 in Mockfjärd) is a former Swedish footballer.
His first cousin, Margery Wentworth, was the mother of Henry's third wife, Jane Seymour.
( informally referred to as the Kidnapping, Caucasian Style 2) is a Russian comedy film by director Maxim Voronkov.
The Ancient Egyptian artisan Sennedjem lived in Set Maat( translated as" The Place of Truth"), contemporary Deir el- Medina, on the west bank of the Nile, opposite Thebes, during the reigns of Seti I and Ramesses II.
She also sang the most controversial song from the movie "Chocolate"
An Everyday Story is a 1948 drama film directed by Günther Rittau and starring Gustav Fröhlich, Marianne Simson and Karl Schönböck.
Mansur ad- Din( died 1424) was a Somali Sultan of the Sultanate of Adal and a son of Sa'ad ad- Din II.
King Jingmin of Wei( died 228 BC, ruled 242 BC- 228 BC), personal name Wei Wu was the penultimate king of Wei.
On the death of John's maternal uncle, Ranulph de Blondeville, Earl of Chester, on 26 October 1232, the Earldom of Chester was inherited by John's mother Matilda( Maud) of Chester( Ranulph's eldest sister).
His business was reasonably successful, and he became a respectable member of the York community.
He is older brother of Nemanja Arsenijević.
In 1065, he was recalled to become Duke of Lower Lorraine after the death of Frederick.
( French: L' Œil qui ment," lit."
Vital details of his life are recorded in the works of the 1st century CE Roman–Jewish historian Josephus.
With the release of "Yentl" in 1983, Streisand became the first woman to write, produce, direct, and star in a major studio film.
Jerzy Oskar Stuhr (born 18 April 1947) is one of the most popular, influential and versatile Polish film and theatre actors.
Guido Brignone (6 December 1886 – 6 March 1959) was an Italian film director and actor.
George Skene Hallowes, on 3 February 1894 and had two children:
Hannah Arnold, also known as Hannah Waterman King, was the grandmother of Benedict Arnolds children.
Ida's grandfather was Gothelo I, Duke of Lorraine and Ida's brother was Godfrey IV, Duke of Lower Lorraine.
Depending on the end use there are a number of options that can be used on the bag instead of the tap.
Frances Adeline Seward (December 9, 1844 – October 29, 1866) was the daughter of United States Secretary of State William H. Seward and his wife Frances Adeline Miller.
Sailor's Song( French: Le chant du marin) is a 1932 French comedy film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Albert Préjean, Jim Gérald and Lolita Benavente.
Single Video Theory is a music documentary directed by Mark Pellington that follows the making of "Yield", the fifth album by the American alternative rock band Pearl Jam.
Riders of the Sage is a 1939 American film directed by Harry S. Webb.
The son of a clergyman, Noel graduated from Oxford in 1824.
The Christine Jorgensen Story is a 1970 American drama film and a fictionalized biographical film about trans woman Christine Jorgensen.
Mabel Colcord was an American actress who was born in San Francisco on August 13, 1873.
Pombal, who was considered an" estrangeirado"( that is, someone who admired, was influenced by or promoted foreign ideas in Portugal), introduced many fundamental administrative, educational, economic, and ecclesiastical reforms justified in the name of" reason" and instrumental in advancing secularisation in Portugal.
Following the same format of the earlier films, the story again takes place in the Philippines and involves international terrorism.
the Maid, Part 2: The Prisons .
Torre Nilsson's first full-length film, "El crimen de Oribe" (1950), was an adaptation of Adolfo Bioy Casares's novel "El perjurio de la nieve".
It was directed by Chano Urueta.
Other films in the series include" Dawn of the Dead"( 1978) and" Day of the Dead"( 1985).
His collaboration continued until 2014.
David Carnegie, 2nd Earl of Northesk was born the son of John Carnegie, 1st Earl of Northesk and Magdalen Haliburton before 1627.
Chang Cheh is also known for his long- time collaboration with writer Ni Kuang.
Vulfetrude, or Wulfetrude (died 669), was an Abbess of Nivelles from 659-669 AD.
Madea's Family Reunion is a 2006 comedy- drama film adaptation of the stage production of the same name written by Tyler Perry and sequel to" Diary of a Mad Black Woman".
The original title derives from the Alexander Pushkin poem" The Prisoner of the Caucasus" and Leo Tolstoy's short story" The Prisoner of the Caucasus".
He is responsible for bringing his kingdom into the political orbit of Europe.
She was convicted of blasphemy and executed by drowning in( or close to) the River Tay.
Téchiné belongs to a second generation of French film critics associated with "Cahiers du cinéma" who followed François Truffaut, Claude Chabrol, Jean-Luc Godard and others from criticism into filmmaking.
A community on Blue Hill Bay, the town is the site of the annual Blue Hill Fair.
onward were filmed on the island of Fårö.
Jesús Alejandro Gallardo Durazo( born 16 January 1988) is a former football goalkeeper.
After its confluence with the Marico River, both rivers form the Limpopo River.
The music video was premiered on 2 March 2018 and the song was digitally released a week later.
Martin Gabel's narration was written by Stewart Stern, who scripted Dean's" Rebel Without a Cause".
The film was distributed by Lippert Pictures and is based on a story by Robert A. Heinlein, who shares the screenwriting credit with producer Jack Seaman.
Though Charles ruled Lower Lorraine, the Dukes of Lorraine (Upper Lotharingia) counted him as "Charles I of Lorraine".
Between 1999 and 2000, he was a visiting professor at Yale University.
He is second in the line of succession to the Liechtensteiner throne through his father.
He is the father of the later Member of Parliament Anna Eliasson.
L'oro di Roma( internationally released as Gold of Rome) is a 1961 Italian war- drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani.
Gregorio de Silva y Mendoza( born 1649, Pastrana- d. 1693, Madrid) was a Spanish noble from the House of Mendoza.
In 1919 he was a member of the Port of London Authority.
Parts of the film were shot in Salt Lake City and the Great Salt Lake in Utah.
Shaikh Muhammad bin Hamad bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani was born in 1929.
During Germany's Nazi era, he was also active with the German Resistance and toward the end of World War II, the partisans in Greece.
Albany Airport, or Albany International Airport, is an airport in Albany, New York, US Albany Airport may also refer to: Other airports in places named Albany:
He founded monasteries at Coventry and Much Wenlock.
The atabeg of the city, Mu'in ad- Din Unur, however refused them entrance, using the presence of Zangi's sons to convince the Franks to release the siege.
He made public appearances as an actor, poet, musician and charioteer.
Siemowit IV (Ziemowit IV), also known as Siemowit IV the Younger
He worked in a variety of genres, including sword- and- sandal, horror," giallo" and spy films.
The Man with the Gun is a 1938 Soviet history drama film directed by Sergei Yutkevich.
Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia (– 20 April 1960) was the elder daughter and fourth child of Tsar Alexander III of Russia and Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia
Ansur, Assur, or Asur Fernández( died 947/50) was a powerful Castilian nobleman and military leader in the Kingdom of León during the reign of Ramiro II.
The song was performed fourth on the night, following Luxembourg's Camillo Felgen with" So laang we's du do bast" and preceding Belgium's Fud Leclerc with" Mon amour pour toi".
The film premiered in April 2010 at Newport Beach International Film Festival and was released on DVD on February 8, 2011.
He never married and his sister Mrs N. A. Mayfield acted as Lady Mayoress during his term as Lord Mayor.
A sequel,, was released on October 5, 2010 straight to home video.
The Sullivan West Central School district is located in Western Sullivan County, New York.
and Aguila, respectively.
In 1659, Duckett was elected Member of Parliament for Calne in the Third Protectorate Parliament.
Maximilian Elisäus Alexander von Hanstein, Count of Pölzig and Beiersdorf( 9 June 1804, Burghaig, Kulmbach – 18 April 1884, Schmölln) was a Thuringian count.
Woop Woop is an Australian and New Zealand term meaning far away from anything" he lives out woop woop".
Everybody's Magazine was an American magazine published from 1899 to 1929.
Firstly, in his own right, from 1712 – 1718.
The actual version was made available on March 6, 2015, whilst its precedent mix was predominantly influenced by disco and house music before being reworked in the album cut.
In 2013, he received an honorary European Film Academy Achievement in World Cinema Award.
Eunoë was the wife of Bogudes, King of Mauretania.
Sebastian Castro or Sebastianus a Castro was a Flemish painter specialized in marine painting who was active in Antwerp between 1633 and 1656.
It followed the 1976 film" Adventures of a Taxi Driver" and was followed the next year by" Adventures of a Plumber's Mate".
He refused to swear the required oath of fealty from the king, even when he was captured in 1673 by the French and taken to Metz.
" All Over Me" is a song recorded by Australian rock group, Chocolate Starfish.
Open Access, Open Access 2 and Open Access 3 were a set of television channels based in the United Kingdom and broadcast on the Sky Digital satellite platform.
Following her marriage to Sony Music head Tommy Mottola, Carey achieved worldwide success with follow-up albums "Music Box" (1993), "Merry Christmas" (1994), and "Daydream" (1995).
Márton Rátkai( 18 November 1881 – 18 September 1951) was a Hungarian actor and comedian.
It was completed in 1907 at a total cost of$ 575,000.
In September, he conquered the castles of Fava, Galtellì, Bonvehì, and Pedreso.
Le Silence est d'or-" Silence is golden") is a 1947 French- American film written and directed by René Clair.
A country gospel song, the lyrics tell the story of a world- weary and tired man pleading for guidance and reassurance from God.
He directed 130 films between 1914 and 1934.
Cleomenes II( died 309 BC) was Agiad King of Sparta from 369 to 309 BC.
He was the father of naturalist, artist and entomologist Robert Templeton.
It was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
The film is a sequel to" Royal Tramp", which was released earlier in the same year.
There are sections for archeology, history and art.
In 2012, Zombie released a second remix album and directed the horror film" The Lords of Salem", which was released the following year.
These albums spawned some of Carey's most successful singles, including "HeroWithout YouAll I Want for Christmas
Maria Karolina Zofia Felicja Leszczyńska (23 June 1703 – 24 June 1768), also known as Marie Leczinska , was a Polish princess and French queen consort.
Mean What You Say may refer to:
Between 1880 and 1886, William was heir presumptive to the Romanian throne.
She grew up on Djurgården in Stockholm.
Chamberlain died of cancer six months after leaving the premiership.
He was born the son of William Carnegie, 8th Earl of Northesk and Georgiana Maria Elliot on 1 December 1843.
Sofi Ahmed Chowdhury is a retired two- star rank Bangladesh Army officer and former Director General of Bangladesh Rifles.
Al-Mu'tasim continued many of his brother's policies, such as the partnership with the Tahirids, who ruled Khurasan and Baghdad on behalf of the Abbasids.
She has sometimes been referred to by the media as" First Lady".
She is often called the" Sahrawi Gandhi" or" Sahrawi Pasionaria" for her nonviolent protests.
Although the Keynesian Revolution would see these ideas adopted by most Western nations by the end of the decade, in 1931 such ideas were considered radical and the plans were bitterly opposed by many who feared hyperinflation and economic ruin.
Mulberry Violence is the debut album by American experimental artist Trevor Powers.
He worked on over 300 films from 1976 to 2011.
In his lifetime he held the courtesy title of Margrave of Brandenburg.
Dissatisfaction with his brother's neutrality policy during World War
The song ends with the dramatic line" Do n't ever cry, my Croatian sky".
He served in the Alaska House of Representatives from 2002 to 2005, representing Fairbanks as a Republican.
St John married Dorothy Reid, daughter of Sir John Rede or Reid, of Odington, Gloucestershire.
He then joined the Norwegian Customs Service, but later returned to SSB.
The Louts( Spanish: Los gamberros) is a 1954 Spanish comedy film directed by Juan Lladó.
The film had musical score by B. A. Chidambaranath.
Agatha was the wife of Emperor Samuel of Bulgaria.
There were three sisters of Bethlehem, daughters of Matthan the priest, and Mary his wife, under the reign of Cleopatra and Sosipatrus, before the reign of Herod, the son of Antipater: the eldest was Mary, the second was Sobe, the youngest's name was Anne.
His cremation was held on 26 October 2017 at the royal crematorium at Sanam Luang.
His collaboration with the Wachowski brothers continued with" V for Vendetta" and" Speed Racer".
Bekir Yılmaz( born 6 March 1988) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Giresunspor.
In 1878, Chopin was appointed government school- teacher at Mourambine near Beverley.
AntiochusX married his stepmother, Antiochus IX's widow Cleopatra Selene, and had several children with her, including a future king Antiochus XIII.
In 1989 she was designated as a Meritorious Artist of RSFSR.
He is the cousin of Qatari ruler Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, grandson of Hamad bin Abdullah Al Thani and great- grandson of Abdullah bin Jassim Al Thani.
Katherine Winifred" Kate" Norby( born August 1, 1976) is an American actress.
It was officially adopted by the territory's House of Assembly on 23 June 2016.
The film was shot on location on Maine's Cliff Island.
Godfrey III (–1069), called the Bearded, was the eldest son of Gothelo I, Duke of Upper and Lower Lorraine.
He practiced law in Chicago Heights and served as the attorney for the Chicago Heights Elementary School District No. 170.
Fort Albany First Nation is a Cree First Nation reserve in Cochrane District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.
Her father, Francis II, Duke of Brittany, was the last male of the House of Montfort.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Max Douy and Eugène Lourié .
He is married to artist Pratibha Matkari.
Born in Saginaw, Michigan, Clemens began his Hollywood career as a film editor in 1931.
Wenrich married vaudeville performer Dolly Connolly and in 1911 wrote the hit "Red Rose Rag" for her with lyrics by Edward Madden.
He never recovered his lost land and prestige and died in 1220.
Richard Neville was the eldest son of Sir Henry Neville, who was killed on 26 July 1469 at the Battle of Edgecote Moor, and Joan Bourchier (d. 7 October 1470), daughter of John Bourchier, 1st Baron Berners, by Margery, daughter and heiress of Richard Berners, esquire.
She is well known for her role as Minal in Dil Dosti Duniyadari and Mukta in Dil Dosti Dobara.
Frederick did not hesitate to counterattack and invaded Lorraine and took and burned Nancy, its capital.
On his return to Canada, he married Ruth B. Harrison of Rothesay, New Brunswick.
He was a member of the Democratic party.
She began her music career in 2007 as a member of the Greek girl group Mystique, before pursuing a solo career after the group disbanded in 2009.
He has also written several articles for" Illinois History Teacher".
Louis also enforced uniformity of religion under the Gallican Catholic Church.
Food of the Gods II, sometimes referred to as Gnaw: Food of the Gods II as well as Food of the Gods Part 2, is a 1989 film that is a very loose sequel to the 1976 Bert I. Gordon film based on H.G. Wells' novel, "The Food of the Gods".
White portrayed Jax Briggs in and the Cyborg Seth in, the return.
Currently he teaches Social Studies at Elk Grove High School in Elk Grove Village, Illinois.
Edwin William Gruffydd Richards (sometimes referred to as Edward; 15 December 1879 – 10 December 1930) was a Welsh field hockey player from Abergavenny who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics where he won the bronze medal as a member of the Wales team.
At least three leaders of short-lived, failed rebellions presented themselves as "Nero reborn" to enlist popular support.
In 1988, he made his feature film directorial debut with" Action Jackson".
He was also governor of Egypt from 834, as well as of the Levant and Upper Mesopotamia from 838 on, although in practice he appointed deputies to govern in his stead.
Shortly afterwards, Del Rey released "Honeymoon" (2015) and "Lust for Life" (2017), the latter of which topped the charts in the U.S. and was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album.
Fatima bint Mubarak Al Ketbi is the third wife of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the founder and inaugural president of United Arab Emirates, and late emir( ruler) of Abu Dhabi.
Gabriel Company( born 16 May 1930) is a Spanish former racing cyclist.
She actually shaved her head for the movie" The Wig".
On 5 May 1405, Reinald married Marie of Harcourt, daughter of John VI, Count of Harcourt.
Hereford's final years were marked by the opposition he and Roger Bigod, Earl of Norfolk, mounted against the military and fiscal policy of Edward I.
His more notable film credits include" Careful, He Might Hear You", winner of eight Australian Film Institute Awards, including Best Director and Best Film;" Travelling North", with Leo McKern; and" The Seventh Sign", starring Demi Moore and Jürgen Prochnow.
Sir William Scott, Lord Balwearie( died 1532), or William Scot, was a Scottish judge.
Princess Marie of Hanover (2 December 1849 – 4 June 1904) was the younger daughter of King George V of Hanover and of his wife, Princess Marie of Saxe-Altenburg.
Louise of Stolberg- Gedern( 13 October 1764 – 24 May 1834), was a German noblewoman member of the House of Stolberg and by her two marriages Duchess of Saxe- Meiningen and Württemberg.
He trained as an actor in Germany, and performed on the stage, before starting as a film director in 1924, with" Nameless Heroes".
He died around 1388 and was succeeded by his eldest son Jacob under the regency of his widow Euphrosyne Sommaripa of the Cyclades.
A determined opponent of the spread of slavery in the years leading up to the American Civil War
At Humphrey( IV)'s death in 1275, Humphrey( VI) inherited the earldoms of Hereford and Essex.
Clothes Make the Pirate is a 1925 American silent film starring Leon Errol and Dorothy Gish.
During 1238–1239 he also served as a regent of two other Piast duchies: Sandomierz and Upper Silesian Opole–Racibórz.
In Warndt he expanded the glass works, which had been established already under Louis II by settling Huguenot refugees.
Sa'ad ad- Din II( ruled" circa" 1400) was a Somali Sultan of the Ifat Sultanate.
The team is a member of the Sun Belt Conference, which is part of the NCAA Division I.
It is one of a number of films which have been suggested as an early move in the direction of Italian neorealism, although this is impossible to verify since the only surviving copy of the film was destroyed by German forces during the Second World War.
He was the stepfather of Sarah, Duchess of York.
She is known as the' young mother' in the Kannada film industry having portrayed the role of a mother to almost all top stars in Kannada.
He became ruler of Wei in 445 BCE, succeeding Wei Huan- Zi, and in 424 BCE adopted the title of" Marquess".
During the 1960s, Connie Chan was one of Hong Kong cinema's most beloved teen idols.
He directed leading musicals, including "Yankee Doodle Dandy" (1942), "
The keelmen formed a close- knit and colourful community on both rivers until their eventual demise late in the nineteenth century.
The change led to a divorce from his first wife, the Hungarian film actress María Corda, who was unable to make the transition from silent films to "talkies" because of her strong Hungarian accent.
Archduke Franz Karl Joseph of Austria (17 December 1802 – 8 March 1878) was a member of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
The film about religious tolerance became a landmark for Bollywood masala films, building on the masala formula pioneered several years earlier with Nasir Hussain's" Yaadon Ki Baarat"( 1973).
It is a remake of the 1977 Hindi movie" Amar Akbar Anthony".
All three were hanged, drawn and beheaded a few days later at Carlisle, Cumberland, England.
It is not known whether Guy became a Knight Templar, although his son William approved the donation of property to the Templars at Provins.
King Bhumibol the Great in 1987 (officially conferred by King Vajiralongkorn in 2019)
Dillo Lombardi( 10 January 1858 – 15 July 1935) was an Italian film actor of the silent era.
He was also a skeleton competitor who won a bronze medal at the 1928 Winter Olympics.
In 2017, Fraser produced a web-based companion to the documentary.
He was known for his portrayals of worldly, often somewhat gruff characters.
Brett Haley( born 1983/1984) is an American film director, writer and editor best known for his work on" The Hero I'll See You in My Dreams The New Year" and the 2018 film" Hearts Beat Loud".
The film was distributed by Regal Films and is directed by Peque Gallaga & Lore Reyes.
He died at age 78 at Twickenham, London, England.
It was released on December 14, 2005 in Germany and the United States, and made an opening of$ 50.1 million.
Their third to eighth albums—" Float Along – Fill Your Lungs"( 2013)," Oddments I'm in Your Mind Fuzz"( 2014)," Quarters! Paper Mâché Dream Balloon"( 2015) and" Nonagon Infinity"( 2016) —expanded their sound, including elements of film music, psychedelic rock, progressive rock, folk, jazz, soul and heavy metal.
His widow died at Bath, Somerset in 1805 at the age of 80.
It stars Jayabharathi, Madhu, Soman and Raghavan in the lead roles.
Prince Boris Aleksandrovich Vasilchikov( 1863, Vybiti, Novgorod Governorate – 1931, Menton) — Russian politician.
Maximillian Oppenheimer (6 May 1902 – 26 March 1957), known as Max Ophüls , was a German-born film director who worked in Germany (1931–1933), France (1933–1940 and 1950–1957), and the United States (1947–1950).
The film version changes the locale from New York City to Los Angeles and substitutes an African American family for a Jewish family in the original play.
In the spring of 993, Odo I, Count of Blois, plotted with Adalbero of Laon to arrest Hugh while the latter was in Metz to meet with Otto III of Germany, and place Louis on the throne.
For example, the film shows an episode of the first novel," Swann's Way", usually referred to as" the lady in pink," as a flashback of" Time Regained".
He was a son of George Gray by Margery, daughter of Gerard Salvaine of Croxdale.
According to film scholar Gwendolyn Audrey Foster, Akerman's influence on feminist filmmaking and avant- garde cinema has been substantial.
William Chopin( 1827 – 30 October 1900) was a convict transported to Western Australia.
He served as First Lord of Trade in the Convention Parliament, 1690–1691.
See the Houses of Montlhéry and Le Puiset.
The song became most famous in a version by Elvis Presley.
1981 was a turning point in Antel's career when he adapted for the big screen a stage play by Ulrich Becher and Peter Preses.
He directed 42 films between 1951 and 1977.
The station was upgraded with new lifts and footbridge with work completed by late 2017.
She has consistently been credited with inspiring a generation of singers, and is hailed as being one of the pioneers of pop and contemporary R&B music.
He portrayed boxer Mike Tyson in the 1995 HBO television movie" Tyson".
Soon before his death, Francis had ceased to pay annual tribute to the Duchy of Athens, though he remained a peer of the Principality of Achaea.
A Frankish mission came to offer Harun friendship in 799.
Henry Grey, 8th Earl of Kent( c. 1583 – 21 November 1639) of Wrest Park, Bedfordshire was Earl of Kent from 1623 to his death.
The CDP population was 943 at the 2010 census, out of a population of 2,686 in the town of Blue Hill as a whole.
He died of cancer in his native Buenos Aires in 1978, at the age of 54.
Jackson began his career with the" splatstick" horror comedy" Bad Taste"( 1987) and the black comedy" Meet the Feebles"( 1989) before filming the zombie comedy" Braindead"( 1992).
Their fourth daughter, Elizabeth, married firstly Douglas Hamilton, 8th Duke of Hamilton and secondly Henry Cecil, 1st Marquess of Exeter.
" High Tide at Noon" was based on the first of a series of novels by Elisabeth Ogilvie, set in Maine.
She once invited Booker T. Washington to stay in her home, when Boston hotels refused to give him a room.
Flavius Eusebius( died after AD 371) was a Roman Senator, who was the brother- in- law of the emperor Constantius II.
By inheritance, he was Count of Verdun and he became Margrave of Antwerp as a vassal of the Duke of Lower Lorraine.
It won three Silver Condor awards, including Best Film, Best Director( Lucas Demare), and Best Adapted Screenplay( Ulises Petit de Murat and Homero Manzi), given by the Argentine Film Critics Association at the 1943 Argentine Film Critics Association Awards for the best films and performances of the previous year.
The Madonna of Bogota is a painting of the Madonna and Child, rediscovered in Bogotá, Colombia in 1938, that has been attributed to Raphael.
Song of Songs, also known as the" Song of Solomon", is a book of the Hebrew Bible or Old Testament.
" The World of Apu" has been influential across the world and is frequently listed among the greatest films of all time.
He was born in Budapest, the son of Archduke Joseph Francis of Austria and his wife, Princess Anna of Saxony.
Little presented himself at HMCS York in Toronto, but after he mentioned that he was a teacher of German and that he had just returned from a trip to Germany, he was immediately sent to Ottawa.
In 1171, Pope Alexander III asked the Archbishop of Trondheim to assign an Estonian monk Nicolaus living in Stavanger to go to Fulco's assistance.
It was at this time he adopted the name George Grenfell Baines at the suggestion of fellow student Gerald Hayforthwaite.
This film was produced by the BYU Motion Picture Studio for the Mormon Pavilion at the 1964 World's Fair in New York City, and was viewed by over five million people, many of whom were not LDS.
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1889 and won the Wollaston Medal of the Geological Society in 1912.
It was directed by Camillo Bazzoni and based on the 1966 novel "Commando 44" by Piet Lay.
It had been originally broadcast in 1986 as a syndicated television episode of the "Canned Film Festival".
One Man's Hero is a 1999 historical war drama film directed by Lance Hool and starring Tom Berenger, Joaquim de Almeida and Daniela Romo.
As a film director and producer, Attenborough won two Academy Awards for "Gandhi" in 1983, receiving awards for Best Picture and Best Director.
Many of his recorded songs are archived in the Library of Congress.
He was born in Aldershot, Hampshire.
In 1643 his mother returned to Saarbrücken with the children.
Karlson and Payne teamed a year later for" 99 River Street", another film noir, followed by" Hell's Island", a film noir in color.
Born Cory
He also records covers and posts them on YouTube.
Les Misérables" also gave the actress Mistinguett her first important screen role.
The film was theatrically released in Canada on April 19, 2019 by Mongrel Media.
He often drew upon his theatrical background to cast stage actor colleagues for his films, such as Henry Krauss, who appeared as Quasimodo in his "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1911) and as Jean Valjean in his (1912). "
Steve Grubb( born 19 September 1968) is a retired English professional darts player who played for the Professional Darts Corporation events, he was nicknamed Grubby.
The film was shot in California, Thailand and Australia.
It's intended to be commonly recited by Virgin Islanders in unison at public events, especially in schools, and during public celebrations.
On 8 May 2018 she qualified from the first semi-final to the grand final, where she finished second with 436 points, the best result Cyprus has ever achieved in the contest.
Yolande (variation of Violante) was named after her grandmother.
It was the 5th film of 2019 after Lucifer,Kumbalangi Nights,Uyare and Virus to successfully complete 100 days in theaters.
Middlesex was nominated as Lord Lieutenant of Staffordshire in 1646 and Keeper of Kingswood Forest in 1647.
On Adelo's death his lands were divided between his sons Walter, who received Dun, and Dodo who received Cons.
Hüma Hatun (1410 ‒ September 1449) was the fourth wife of Ottoman Sultan Murad II and mother of Mehmed II and the grandmother of Bayezid II.
Born in France, he took British citizenship in 1938 and lived with his grand mother Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna in England until her death in 1960.
He is also famous as the Designer of Promotional Posters.
Frémont's initial notability came from her family: she was the daughter of Missouri Senator Thomas Hart Benton and the wife of military officer, explorer and politician, John C. Frémont.
Ranulf enlisted the help of Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester to retake the castle and succeeded when King Stephen surrendered to him at Lincoln.
Some countries place less or no importance on the place of birth, instead using alternative geographical characteristics for the purpose of identity documents.
He was a radical Liberal Party member and an opponent of the Elementary Education Act 1870 on the basis that it could result in subsidising Church of England schools with local ratepayers' money.
This is sometimes referred to as the self- archiving or" green" route to open access.
On 13 July 1608 he married Mary Brereton, daughter of William Brereton, 1st Baron Brereton and Margaret Savage, and together they had 5 daughters: O' Brien died in 1639, and was succeeded in his peerages by his brother Barnabas O'Brien, 6th Earl of Thomond.
Lord of Uncastillo and Sangüesa, he was the father of Ramiro Sánchez whose son García Ramírez was the first of a new dynasty of Navarrese monarchs.
Neville Chamberlain( 24 October 1939 – 8 October 2018) was a British Anglican bishop.
He directed a total of 51 feature films in Telugu; Hindi and introduced many actors to Telugu cinema.
There are several different types of schools involved, including the following:
After graduating in 1806, he resigned the Army in 1807.
He directed twelve films 1955 and 2006.
He is the father- in- law of Imran Farhat.
Xiong Ai( reigned c. 977 BCE) was the second viscount of the state of Chu during the early Zhou Dynasty of ancient China.
Shake, Rattle & Roll II is the second installment of the "Shake, Rattle & Roll" franchise.
This started a new feud with Holland which ended in 1412 when Reinald ceded Gorinchem for a large sum of money.
In 318 BC, at the suggestion of the Wei minister, Gongsun Yan, he entered into an alliance against Qin created by King Huai of Chu which also included the states of Zhao, Han and Yan.
Irruppam Veedu Sasidaran( 28 March 1948 – 24 October 2017), better known as I. V. Sasi, was an Indian film director who made over 150 films in various Indian languages.
He was stunt coordinator on the feature films" The Warriors"( 1979) and" The Long Riders"( 1980), as well as second unit director on" Reds"( 1981) and" Predator"( 1987).
Isabella of Aragon( 1376, Barcelona – 1424) was a daughter of Peter IV of Aragon and his fourth wife, Sibila of Fortia.
It is the second of four films in the U.S. Secret Service Agent Brass Bancroft series, having been preceded by" Secret Service of the Air"( 1939) and followed by" Smashing the Money Ring"( 1939) and" Murder in the Air"( 1940).
Maximillian Oppenheimer( 6 May 1902 – 26 March 1957), known as Max Ophüls, was a German- born film director who worked in Germany( 1931 – 1933), France( 1933 – 1940 and 1950 – 1957), and the United States( 1947 – 1950).
He has participated at Melodifestivalen six times; in 1962 he performed" Anneli" and" När min vän", in 1963 he performed" Twist till menuett" and" En gång i Stockholm".
The film was produced by the legendary B-movie producer Roger Corman and stars Mark Dacascos, Sofia Pernas, Treat Williams, Joe Suba and Christopher M. Elassad.
Not much is known about her life prior to her arrival in Portugal or of the wedding tokens she received upon her marriage.
Considered the successor and most successful imitator of Domenico Cimarosa, the greatest of his roughly 60 operas include" I riti d' Efeso"( 1803, Venice)," La contadina bizzarra"( 1810, Milan) and" Ginevra degli Almieri"( 1812, Venice).
The film is an international co-production of Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom, and tells the true story of Kurt Gerron, a German- Jewish cabaret and film actor in the 1920s and 1930s who was deported to the Theresienstadt concentration camp in Czechoslovakia during World War II.
For Happiness is a 1917 Russian drama film directed by Yevgeny Bauer.
She began her career in acting in 1931 and appeared in films such as" Puerto nuevo" in 1936 and" Loco lindo"( 1937) and" Muchachas que estudian" in 1939.
She was called "Mädi" in the family and had a lifelong friendship with her cousin the Archduchess Marie Valerie of Austria.
The song entered the UK Singles Chart at number 70 after performing the song at The X Factor auditions which was shown on 25 August 2012.
The younger Robert however remained loyal and took over his father's land in Scotland, whilst the English territories remained with the elder Robert and passed to the latter's elder son Adam de Brus, 2nd Lord of Skelton.
Ray did the scripting, casting, scoring, and editing, and designed his own credit titles and publicity material.
Tallulah Bankhead is featured in a parody sequence of herself.
Henrietta Blanche Stanley.
Bridges earned the 2009 Academy Award for Best Actor for his performance in the film.
"Think Tank" (2003) incorporated influences from lo-fi, electronic and hip hop music.
Release was by MGM.
Jeff Ballard( born Chicago, 1977) is an American glass artist.
Sir Robert Armstrong-Jones, (born Robert Jones; 2 December 1857 – 30 January 1943) was a Welsh physician and psychiatrist.
Except for the opening sequence, the motion picture was entirely shot in Montana.
Her parents are unknown.
Andrew Jones was the member of Parliament for Cricklade in 1386.
He died childless in 1652.
Three Live Ghosts is a 1922 British comedy film directed by George Fitzmaurice.
Night at the Museum:
Lin was the general who commanded the decisive Liaoshen and Pingjin Campaigns, in which he co-led the Manchurian Field Army to victory and led the People's Liberation Army into Beijing.
William of March( or William March; died 1302) was a medieval Treasurer of England and a Bishop of Bath and Wells.
In 1919 he founded the "Compagnia Drammatica del Teatro Mediterraneo".
That same year, Del Rey recorded the eponymous theme for the drama film "Big Eyes", which garnered her Grammy and Golden Globe nominations.
Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin" and the Goethe Institute.
Winner of" Mr. Italia Bodybuilding contest 1961 ” Born in Venice as Adriano Bellini, while at university Morris devoted himself to bodybuilding and thanks to his physique he was chosen by the director Tanio Boccia to play the title role in" The Triumph of Maciste".
Strangers' Meeting is a 1957 crime drama film directed by Robert Day and starring Peter Arne and Delphi Lawrence.
He was also a historian and wrote Latin prose.
Principal photography on the film began on March 8, 2013, in Boston and Worcester, Massachusetts, and New York City.
José Cipriano Castro Ruiz( 12 October 1858 – 4 December 1924) was a high- ranking member of the Venezuelan military, politician and the President of Venezuela from 1899 to 1908.
Chamberlain resigned the premiership on 10 May 1940 as the Allies were being forced to retreat from Norway, as he believed that a government supported by all parties was essential, and the Labour and Liberal parties would not join a government he headed.
She is a leading actress in Tamil cinema.
Belzberg steers away from any discussion of the rampant sexual exploitation of these young children or the fact that one of the biggest dangers they face are STDs, including AIDS, but the urban hell she presents is shattering enough.
She died of measles in 1712, followed by her husband a week later.
He entered the House of Commons at 39 years of age, relatively late in life compared to politicians from more privileged backgrounds.
He produced, wrote, and directed several documentary films, including" Ethnic NotionsTongues UntiedColor Adjustment", and" Black is ... Black Ai n't."
But in Calgary, March 2009, she again managed to set new national records, in fact six such over three days( by itself another national record): 42.99 on the 500 -m; 2:01.88 on the 1,500- m; 1:22.52 on the 1,000- m; 4:11.86 on the 3,000 -m; resulting also in the small combination pointsum record 166.853; and finally 15:11.84 in the 10,000- m.
After Thalberg's death, he joined Paramount as a producer in 1937, where he remained until 1941.
A native of Chicago, Kelly began street performing during the late 1980s and debuted in 1992 with the group Public Announcement.
Raymond Bernard( 10 October 1891 – 12 December 1977) was a French film director and screenwriter whose career spanned more than forty years.
He married Anne Blennerhassett daughter of John Blennerhassett and Jane Higham.
Danutė of Lithuania (baptized "Anna"; ca.
Bjørn Howard Kruse (born 14 August 1946 in London, England) is a Norwegian painter and contemporary composer.
He was the third son of Rowland Tudor St John( third son of Beauchamp St John, 17th Baron St John of Bletso) and Katherine Madge Lockwood( second daughter of Sir Frank Lockwood).
Bennett has sold over 50 million records worldwide.
Henry II of Luxembourg( died 1303) was Lord of Ligny from 1288 to his death in 1303.
His collaborations with Mohanlal were highly popular in Malayalam cinema during the 1980s and 1990s, with most notable films being "Poochakkoru MookkuthiMazha Peyyunnu Maddalam KottunnuThalavattamVellanakalude NaduChithramVandanamKilukkamAbhimanyuMithunamThenmavin KombathKala Pani", and "Chandralekha".
Drifters  is a 2003 Chinese film directed by Wang Xiaoshuai.
Princess Louise Maximilienne Caroline Emmanuele of Stolberg- Gedern( 20 September 1752 – 29 January 1824) was the wife of Charles Edward Stuart, the Jacobite claimant to the English and Scottish thrones.
It received mixed reviews from critics and grossed$ 30 million worldwide.
The bank changed its name to Andresens Bank in 1913 and merged with Bergens Kreditbank in 1920.
Apollonius afterwards became a useful friend of Cicero's, and served in the army of Julius Caesar in the Alexandrine war, and also followed him into Spain.
Nathan Waks( born 1951) is an Australian cellist, composer, record producer, arts administrator and wine company owner.
The woman's husband discovers the affair and the lover is killed.
Following the end of the occupation he was active in the legal purge, as an" ad hoc" presiding judge in Eidsivating.
Jason Love( born 3 December 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League( AFL).
The Valley of Hunted Men is a 1928 American silent western film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Jay Wilsey, Oscar Apfel and Kathleen Collins.
His first cousin of the same name( Frederick William) was of the senior line and held the town and lands of Schwedt.
(Loughfane, Limerick,Co.)
He often asked for several dozen retakes of the same shot in a movie, which resulted in many conflicts with his casts.
Robert Stevens( December 2, 1920 – August 7, 1989) was an American director and producer.
She is best known for her collaboration with Nicki Minaj on the song" Lookin' at Me, which was a Top 20 hit in 2012 for BBC Radio 1.
Houghton ’s 2014 single," Love Like That" was introduced by Taylor Swift and received airplay on Sirius XM, and her 2015 single," Catch Me if You Can" reached number one on the Radio Disney charts.
Drifting is a 1923 American silent drama film based on the play" Drifting", by John Colton and Daisy H. Andrews.
Jayasimha known as Bobby Simha is an Indian film actor who has appeared in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam- language films.
Retrospectively," Dig Me Out" is considered the band's breakthrough record and is frequently included on several publications' best album lists.
Sir Hugh Evelyn, 5th Baronet( 31 January 1769 – 28 August 1848) was a British baronet and naval officer.
He grew up in Western Australia, and now resides in Sydney with his wife and two children.
Friedrich, Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg, from 1934 Duke of Schleswig- Holstein( 23 August 1891 – 10 February 1965), was the Duke of Schleswig- Holstein and Head of the House of Oldenburg from 21 January 1934 until his death on 10 February 1965.
Goodbye to the Music is a play by Sumner Locke Elliott.
Since 2017, he has been a member of the pop band VAX.
In 1099, Emperor Henry IV allotted the county to his close supporter, the bishop, who entrusted it to Albert III, Count of Namur.
In a 30- year directorial career, he helmed numerous low- budget westerns, action pictures and thrillers and is remembered for original mysteries" My Name Is Julia Ross"( 1945) and" So Dark the Night"( 1946) as well as his most- highly regarded feature, 1950's" Gun Crazy", which spotlighted a desperate young couple( Peggy Cummins and John Dall) who embark on a deadly crime spree.
Robert had the same name as both his uncle and his grandfather.
He has since featured in comedy roles in films including Suseendran's" Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer" and in Balaji Mohan's next bilingual" Vaayai Moodi Pesavum"( 2014).
In Filipino cuisine, butse, buche butsi or buchi is a deep fried pastry made of sticky rice flour with sweet red beans filling.
Frederick became Bishop of Liege succeeding Bishop Alexander (who was forced to stand down after being charged with acts of simony, 1119).
Jörgen Kruse( born 14 August 1967) is a Swedish bobsledder.
Otherwise there would be record of Kildare's divorce from Elizabeth and probably a mention in the original records of her' remarriage' rather than of her' marriage' to le Despencer.
In the informal 1971 interview Morrison gave to Ben Fong Torres, Morrison states the film" ... was more of an exercise for me and a warm- up for something bigger."
Lord St John married Elizabeth Crowley( the daughter of Ambrose Crowley) at Greenwich on 6 March 1725.
Antel worked mainly as a film producer in the interwar years.
Lady Philippa Stewart (13 August 1852 – 1 September 1946) was a British aristocrat.
The film was also selected as the Yugoslav entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 55th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
The score was composed by John Massari.
Rumbi Katedza is a Zimbabwean Film Producer and Director who was born on 17 January 1974.
The bust is one of the most copied works of ancient Egypt.
Safety Not Guaranteed is a 2012 American science- fiction romantic comedy film directed by Colin Trevorrow.
He has directed short films for Sveriges Television, done youth theater for Unga Riks, and was a member of Swedish band Pärson Sound/International Harvester in the late sixties.
" Baby If You're Ready" was a No. 1 hit on the Rap Songs chart, for nine weeks.
Leon Duray( April 30, 1894 Cleveland, Ohio- May 12, 1956 San Bernardino, California) was an American racecar driver active in the 1920s.
Baron St John of Bletso TD( 3 August 1917 – 13 April 1976) was an English peer.
Hans Barthold Andresen Butenschøn( 27 December 1877 – 28 November 1971) was a Norwegian businessperson.
Charles Lennox, 2nd Duke of Richmond, 2nd Duke of Lennox, 2nd Duke of Aubigny,( 18 May 17018 August 1750) was a British nobleman, peer, and politician.
It made Top 30 in the overall Eurochart, and would probably have peaked even higher had it been released in the UK at the same time as in the rest of Europe.
Emperor Zhao, under the tutelage of Huo, took the initiative and lowered taxes as well as reducing government spending.
He taught at Upper Canada College until he joined the Royal Canadian Navy at the outbreak of the war in 1939.
Cheerleader Camp( originally titled Bloody Pom Poms) is a 1988 American slasher film directed by John Quinn, and starring Betsy Russell, Leif Garrett, Lucinda Dickey, George" Buck" Flower, Teri Weigel, and Rebecca Ferratti.
He was the son of Don Beltrán de la Cueva, 3rd Duke of Alburquerque and of Doña Isabel Girón.
He was son of Odo( Eudes) de Beaumont, viscount of Chaumont- en- Vexin.
The singer falls in love with a person who belongs to an opposing gang.
He is also cited as an inspiration for many independent film- makers.
He is best known for his role as Dr. Zhang Lee in the TV series" Alias", and as the henchman Kao Kan in the Steven Spielberg film" Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom".
The Ceará state government declared three days of mourning following Veras' death.
Critics praised the video for being simple and perfect for the sound of the song.
His son St John died aged seven in March 1791 at Exeter and he was succeeded in the barony by his brother Andrew.
However, according to the Library of Congress Database, the film was found in the Netherlands.
Scullin and his Treasurer Ted Theodore responded by developing several plans during 1930 and 1931 to repay foreign debt, provide relief to farmers and create economic stimulus to curb unemployment based on deficit spending and expansionary monetary policy.
After the war ended, he settled permanently in the south of France.
In 1922 he married Countess Maria Vorontsova-Dashkova.
He directed 131 films between 1916 and 1957.
He was also a rare linguist, who had the ability to work in many European languages.
William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke (c. 142327 July 1469), known as "Black William", was a Welsh nobleman, soldier, politician, and courtier.
In 1965 he directed" The Face of Fu Manchu", based on the character created by Sax Rohmer, and starring Christopher Lee.
The film is noted for its handling of several of the themes of existentialism, including discussions of mortality, the idea of despair, and leading a meaningful life.
He was a friend of the House of Commons librarian Thomas Vardon and Anne Isabella Byron, Baroness Byron.
Sound of Boot is a 2008 psychological thriller by Shaji Kailas starring Suresh Gopi, Bala, Honey Rose and Murali.
The Surgeon may also refer to:
His 1994 film" Back to Square One" was entered into the 44th Berlin International Film Festival.
Yaya Alfa Soumahoro (born 28 September 1989) is an Ivorian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.
Saint- Victor- de-Cessieu is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Pembroke Airport,, is located northwest of the city of Pembroke, Ontario, Canada.
The school was established in 1938 at the premises of Vidyalankara Pirivena.
By marriage, she was a Margravine of Brandenburg-Schwedt.
Motherland may also refer to:
The two major internal campaigns of the reign were against the long-running Khurramite uprising of Babak Khorramdin in Adharbayjan, which was suppressed by al-Afshin in 835–837, and against Mazyar, the autonomous ruler of Tabaristan, who had clashed with the Tahirids and risen up in revolt.
He has also acted often in international productions such as John Frankenheimer's" The Year of the Gun"( 1991), Norman Jewison's" Only You"( 1994), and James Ivory's" The Golden Bowl"( 1999).
He was the eldest son of Henry IV, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg, by his wife Sophie, a possible member of the House of Stolberg.
The film was released on DVD January 8, 2008.
The" Heimskringla" saga states that Eystein Glumra was the father of Rognvald Eysteinsson and Sigurd Eysteinsson:" The first earl in the Orkney Islands was called Sigurd, who was a son of Eystein Glumra, and brother of Ragnvald earl of More.
He was a prominent public speaker and Freemason and was president of the South Australian Dental Board.
Referred to as the "Songbird Supreme" by "Guinness World Records", she is noted for her five-octave vocal range, melismatic singing style, and signature use of the whistle register.
Al-Rashid ruled from 786 to 809, during the peak of the Islamic Golden Age.
Charles II Gonzaga( 22 October 1609 – 30 August 1631) was the son of Charles I, Duke of Mantua and Catherine de Lorraine- Guise( also known as Catherine de Mayenne), he was the Duke of Nevers and Rethel, together with his father.
He married Matilda of Avesnes, widow of Nicolas IV, Lord of Rumigny, and daughter of James, Lord of Avesnes and Conde, and Adele, Lady of Guise.
The Man with Two Faces is a 1975 South Korean horror film.
Thus, the House of Capet came to the throne over the disgraced and ignored Charles.
Gustav, Landgrave of Hesse- Homburg( 17 February 1781 – 8 September 1848) was landgrave of the German state of Hesse- Homburg from 1846 to 1848.
Some of his television film credits include" A Family Torn Apart"( 1993)," Twisted Desire"( 1996) and" Silencing Mary"( 1998) both starring Melissa Joan Hart.
Alfred( Alfred Ernest Albert; 6 August 184430 July 1900) reigned as Duke of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha from 1893 to 1900.
Sir Alexander Korda (born Sándor László Kellner, 16 September 1893 – 23 January 1956) was a British film producer and director and screenwriter, who founded his own film production studios and film distribution company.
When his grandfather King Norodom died in 1904, Norodom's brother Sisowath took the throne.
Plan 9 from Outer Space is a 1959 American independent science- fiction horror film written, produced, directed and edited by Ed Wood, starring Gregory Walcott, Mona McKinnon, Tor Johnson, and" Vampira"( Maila Nurmi), and narrated by Criswell.
He turned producer with the feature film" Dozakh In Search of Heaven".
It is the last film in the series which began with" Confessions of a Window Cleaner".
Ratnakar Ramkrushna Matkari (born 1938) is a Marathi writer, a movie and play producer/director, and a self-taught artist from Maharashtra, India.
She was mostly known for taking care of politics for her husband.
They are part of Operation Husky 2013, a series of commemorative events that take place in Sicily on the 70th anniversary of the original Operation Husky in 1943.
Rajiv Anchal( born 20 December 1956) is a film director, screenwriter, and sculptor who works in Malayalam language cinema.
See You in September is Tamara Tunie ’s first film both as director and producer.
She lived at the time of the Seleucid king of Syria Antiochus X Eusebes who reigned 95 BC- 92 or 88 BC.
While he lay dying, he gave his villa at Ariscurt (an unidentified location probably in Lorraine) and a pallium (a sign of his royalty) to the abbey.
During his return journey, he fell ill and became a monk "in extremis" at the Abbey of Saint-Pierre-le-Vif in Sens.
The first recording of the song was in 1957 by Sylvia Telles.
The script was written by Yan Frid.
Outside Ozona is a 1998 American comedy- drama film written and directed by J. S. Cardone.
The film is reputed to be so bad that the studio might have used it to sabotage leading man Gilbert's career in the sound era due to animosity from Louis B. Mayer.
Ackbar made his first appearance not in the film, but in a" Star Wars" newspaper comic strip that ran a few months before" Return of the Jedi" was released.
Sir Thomas Mowbray was executed 8 June 1405 due to his revolt against her uncle, King Henry IV.
In 848, however, he was persuaded to go to the pilgrimage, and laid down his powers, only to be arrested on his return.
Babur conferred on his sister, the honorable title of "Padshah Begum" and she was really the first lady of his Empire after his death.
Since 2006, he has had a weekly radio show on the South African national radio station 5 FM, My House which airs on Sunday evenings.
He also took a bronze medal in the individual 400 meter race.
At Bentley University the pledge is a "capstone" of its four-year Civic Leadership Program and at Humboldt State University, the student government funds a student Pledge coordinator internship.
Georg Wilhelm Pabst( 25 August 1885 – 29 May 1967) was an Austrian film director and screenwriter.
He studied Scriptwriting and Directing at the "Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin" from 1994 to 1999.
It takes place one year after" The Empire Strikes Back".
He retired from politics in 1977 and died two years later.
Jackson has been awarded three Academy Awards for( 2003), including the award for Best Director.
Born in Saint James, Port of Spain, and raised in Queens, New York City, she gained public recognition after releasing the mixtapes
In 1653 he was named Viceroy and Captain General of Navarre.
In 60 BC, Caesar, Crassus and Pompey formed the First Triumvirate, a political alliance that dominated Roman politics for several years.
As a result, it lasts for exactly 24 hours, rather than the original 109 minutes.
Desire, passion, family, and identity are among Almodóvar's most prevalent themes.
He won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Kannada for three consecutive years for his films" HuchchaNandhi" and" Swathi Muthu".
His studies of the Sphinx have contributed to the controversial debate regarding a possible older dating of the monument.
Phantoms of Happiness (German: Phantome des Glücks) is a 1930 German drama film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Michael Chekhov, Karina Bell and Gaston Modot.
The couple had two children.
The film features archival footage of rehearsals, TV and concert performances, private cine- film and the background to Morrison's arrest at a 1969 Miami concert and later trial.
On 22 April 1725, at Ashbridge, Buckinghamshire, Anne married her stepmother's brother, who had succeeded to the dukedom in 1711.
The aura can stay with a migraine sufferer for the duration of the migraine; depending on the type of aura, it can leave the person disoriented and confused.
Ferdinand of Portugal, Duke of Guarda,( 5 June 1507 – 7 November 1534) was a Portuguese" infante"( prince), the son of King Manuel I of Portugal and his second wife, Maria of Aragon.
In the summer of 2013, a remixed version of the track was released by Trap Nation, which has garnered over 4 million views on YouTube.
Documents available through the companies' associated websites state that Open Access is a trading name of Definition Broadcast Limited.
In the first two cases he was acquitted, but in the third case he was found guilty.
It was part of an attempt by some German comedy films of the era to be slightly more risqué.
Marie of Luxembourg( 1304 – 26 March 1324), was by birth member of the House of Luxembourg and by marriage Queen of France and Navarre.
In New Orleans, a mysterious man looks to unite two warring gangs against the lawmen who have been using them to advance their corrupt agenda.
He directed classic films from the silent era and numerous others during Hollywood's Golden Age, when the studio system was prevalent.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Jean Douarinou.
Marianus I, known as Mariano de Zori, was an early Judge of Arborea.
Renée Saint-Cyr.
He became the 21st Baron St John on the death of his cousin in 1976 but only lived to enjoy it for one year.
Sheryl H. Lipman( born February 18, 1963) is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Tennessee and former University Counsel to the University of Memphis.
He directed and wrote over films between 1931 and 1951 even composing the musical scores for several.
The film is a comedy from the same team which made Kolya.
( 6 January 1665 – 6 December 1723) was the son of Count Gustav Adolf of Nassau- Saarbrücken and Countess Clara Eleanor of Hohenlohe- Neuenstein.
The street kids are encountered daily by commuting adults, who pass them by in the station as they starve, swindle, and steal, all while searching desperately for a fresh can of paint to get high with.
She was the grandmother of Louis XVI, Louis XVIII and Charles X of France.
Samuel Tak Lee or Lee Tak- Yee( born April 1939) is a Hong Kong billionaire property magnate.
St John was born at Woodford, Northamptonshire, the eldest son of John St John, 12th Baron St John of Bletso, and his wife Susanna Simond, daughter of Peter Simond, merchant of London.
She was a daughter of James I of Scotland and Joan Beaufort.
It was released in 1958.
He was born in Shanghai.
He was chosen as a Speaker for the House of Lords in 1697 and then again for 1701.
Law of the Rio Grande is a 1931 American film directed by Forrest Sheldon.
From 1639 to 1645, Henry Ernst and his younger brother John Martin jointly ruled the County of Stolberg.
The film won many laurels upon release including the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Kannada for its script of an incisive analysis of the socio-political situation in a drought affected district.
Louisa Berkeley, Countess of Berkeley (24 December 1694 – 15 January 1716), formerly Lady Louisa Lennox, was the first wife of James Berkeley, 3rd Earl of Berkeley.
The earliest reference to Ansur is found in a document dated 4 March 921, wherein he is named with his parents Fernando Ansúrez and Muniadonna in a donation in the vicinity of Burgos to San Pedro de Cardeña.
Egoyan's films often follow non-linear plot structures, in which events are placed out of sequence in order to elicit specific emotional reactions from the audience by withholding key information.
" Stranger Than Paradise" was added to the National Film Registry in December 2002.
Notable producing credits during this period include "True Confession" (1937), "Spawn of the North" (1938), "Zaza" (1939) and "So Ends Our Night" (1941).
His mother was an Argentinian citizen of Swedish descent.
It was released as the B-side of "Move It on Over" in 1947.
Within the Netherlands, he is also known as Father of the Fatherland .
Marcus Welby, M.D." and" S.W.A.T."
It opened in limited release in the U.S. on December 16, 2009.
Hugo Geronimo Fregonese( April 8, 1908 in Mendoza – January 11, 1987 in Tigre) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter who worked both in Hollywood and his home country.
In 1994, when DC disbanded, he joined the Christian Democratic Centre, which entered the Pole of Freedoms.
He was the eldest son of Wenceslaus I, Duke of Legnica, by his wife Anna, daughter of Casimir I, Duke of Cieszyn.
Margaret was a daughter of Siemowit III of Masovia and his wife Euphemia of Opawa.
Passenger trains halt here.
The song has peaked at number 6 on the Swedish singles chart.
Jedi or JEDI may also refer to:
Deli Yürek: Bumerang Cehennemi(" Crazy Heart: Boomerang Hell") is a 2001 Turkish action film, written and directed by Osman Sınav.
He was also the president of the United States Chamber of Commerce during the early years of the Great Depression, in which capacity he supported the policies of Herbert Hoover and was a noted opponent of Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal.
and no-budget filmmaking.
He was a relation of both the emperor and his brother, Bruno of Cologne, the duke of Lorraine.
2003 where he played the character of Seymour who was the best friend of Taj Lewis who was the lead character.
Ann Taylor or Ann Martin( 20 June 1757 – 27 May 1830) was a British writer.
Vidyalankara Pirivena was founded on November 1, 1875 by Venerable Ratmalane Sri Dharmaloka Thera.
Peter Hamel( 1911–1979) was a German screenwriter and a director of film and television.
He authored numerous books, including "The Philosophy of Andy Warhol" and .
Bagabag Central School( Filipino: Mababang Paaralan ng Bagabag) is primary and intermediate public school located at San Pedro, Bagabag, Nueva Vizcaya, Philippines.
Made in the early sound era when Hollywood savored any successful play and its dialogue, this film is a rendition of the Broadway play and also a remake of the 1922 Paramount silent," Three Live Ghosts".
The Douro Wine Company continued to operate to 1833( and was briefly revived from 1843 and 1853).
His coat of arms was" Argent, three crescents gules".
Brilliant Marriage is a 1936 American drama film directed by Phil Rosen and starring Joan Marsh, Ray Walker and Inez Courtney.
He first began making films in 1927, when he and some friends attempted to make a film about World War I.
The song is an electropop/ dance- pop song incorporating a minimalist bitpop beat interspersed with handclaps and synths.
née
He is known for adapting stories from Malayalam films into Bollywood, from his own work as well as other films.
It discharges into the Crișul Alb in the city Brad.
After three rejected plot devices, Lucas wrote a film treatment that resembled the film's final storyline.
By Hawise, granddaughter of Godfrey of Louvain( d.1226), he had two daughters.
The following month, he left for South Africa to fight in the Second Boer War, where he was mentioned in despatches and won two medals and six clasps.
After his marriage to Joy Adamson of" Born Free" fame, Adamson spent the latter part of his life protecting the lions and other wildlife in the Kora National Reserve, Kenya.
Andreyas ("indrēyāsAndrew") was Emperor  (1429–1430) of Abyssinia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
William Brereton, 1st Baron Brereton (1550 – 1 October 1631) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1597 and 1622.
(German: Tabea, stehe auf!) is a 1922 German silent drama film directed by Robert Dinesen and starring Lotte Neumann, Maria Forescu and Guido Herzfeld.
During the 1920s he stage managed some of the largest shows in London (including many of André Charlot's musical revues) and began his film career with the arrival of sound in motion pictures.
Nero focused much of his attention on diplomacy, trade and the cultural life of the empire, ordering theatres built and promoting athletic games.
The most expensive European film produced up to its time," Lola Montès" flopped at the box office.
Kiliaen van Rensselaer (1586 – buried 7 October 1643) was a Dutch diamond and pearl merchant from Amsterdam who was one of the founders and directors of the Dutch West India Company, being instrumental in the establishment of New Netherland.
From 2000 to 2003 he served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Chiapas.
As such, he was close to succeed in the Danish throne.
He directed 84 films between 1927 and 1953.
The official version on the soundtrack album "Crazy Heart: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack" is sung by Ryan Bingham.
A sequel,, was released in 2002.
Heaven Sword and Dragon Sabre, also known as Chivalrous Killer, is a two- part 1978 Hong Kong film adapted from Louis Cha's novel" The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber".
Querelle is a 1982 West German- French English- language drama film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder and starring Brad Davis, adapted from French author Jean Genet's 1947 novel" Querelle of Brest".
Sweet Secret or Sweet Secrets may refer to:
Her two husbands were Piers Gaveston and Hugh de Audley, 1st Earl of Gloucester.
Sennedjem had the title" Servant in the Place of Truth".
He gave citizenship to many residents of far regions of the Roman Republic.
The film is also known as The Five Deadly Vices( American reissue title).
Eleanor of Aragon (20 February 1358 – 13 August 1382) was a daughter of King Peter IV of Aragon and his wife Eleanor of Sicily.
Robert Paul Smith( April 16, 1915 – January 30, 1977) was an American author, most famous for his classic evocation of childhood," Where Did You Go? Out. What Did You Do? Nothing".
Andrew Lawrence Fortier( born July 14, 1987) is an American musician, guitarist, filmmaker, actor, and author.
Almost immediately, she began to fulfill her royal duties by taking part in many ceremonies.
In 1510, he married Charlotte of Estouteville; they had the following children:
He is best known for his marriage to Gracie Fields whose career he managed.
De Bohun lowered his lance and charged, but Bruce stood his ground.
Sandhja Kuivalainen( born 16 March 1991), known professionally as simply Sandhja, is a Finnish singer.
A full-scale retrospective exhibition dedicated to Björk was held at the New York Museum of Modern Art in 2015.
For a year, Lessey was a leading man for Edison Studios, after which he directed films for the company for two years.
Charles Edward Stuart( November 25, 1810 May 19, 1887) was a U.S. Representative and U.S. Senator from the state of Michigan.
The earl died on 9 January 1755 and was buried on 17 January 1755 at Berkeley, Gloucestershire.
The movie was released by Kino Lorber on Blu-ray and DVD in the U.S. on Feb. 26, 2019.
Once on the Rhine is a 1952 West German comedy drama film directed by Helmut Weiss and starring Maria Paudler, Jupp Hussels and Paul Henckels.
Tree from the parental home and arriving at the church.
As of December 2007, her Danish records were 43.19 on the 500- m, 1:23.07 on the 1,000- m, 2:03.21 on the 1,500- m, 4:13.85 on the 3,000- m, 7:20.45 on the 5,000- m, and 15:14.90 on the 10,000- m.
The film premiered in March 2007 at the Longbaugh Film Festival in Portland, Oregon.
Hello Mr. Billionaire is a 2018 Chinese comedy film directed by Fei Yan and Damo Peng, loosely based on Brewster's Millions.
Gerard III of Guelders( 1185 – 22 October 1229) was the Count of Guelders and Zutphen from 1207 until his death in 1229.
He inherited the Lordship of Ligny from his father in 1288 following his death in the Battle of Worringen.
Schrader re-wrote Martin's first screenplay, and Scorsese and De Niro together made uncredited contributions thereafter.
In 1986, he was diagnosed with Haemochromatosis shortly after reading a magazine article about the work of Marie Warder, founder of the Canadian Haemochromatosis Society.
More Blue Train services were added later on.
Nicolas Devir Claxton( born April 17, 1999) is an American professional basketball player for the Brooklyn Nets of the National Basketball Association( NBA).
Hardy was a right- arm fast- medium bowler, although which hand he batted with is unknown.
Richton served as the mayor of Chicago Heights from 1947 to 1951 and from 1963 to 1967.
Blanche of Anjou (1280 – 14 October 1310) was Queen of Aragon as the second spouse of King James II.
The canal travels along the Rio Grande for 2.1 miles where it flows into the Franklin Canal and the rest of the canal network.
Jeanne already had three children from her first marriage: Henry (d.1331) sire de Blâmont and seneschal of Lorraine, Joffroi (mentioned in 1253) and Thomas ("princier" of Verdun and subsequently Bishop, d.1305).
Oddments is the fourth studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band King Gizzard& the Lizard Wizard.
Samuely died in the London Clinic, 20 Devonshire Place, London, following a heart attack, leaving his wife and his mother, and was cremated at Golders Green crematorium in Middlesex.
Johnston is the younger brother of singer-songwriter Michelle Shocked and has supported her in concert tours as well.
They were met by a force of Gallowaymen led by Dungal MacDouall, who was a supporter of the Comyns.
Crato, Count of Nassau- Saarbrücken( 7 April 1621 – 25 July 1642, Straelen), was the oldest son of Count William Louis of Nassau- Saarbrücken and his wife, Landgravine Anna Amalia of Baden- Durlach.
Along with Adam Baptiste, Papaconstantinou has also been credited as a featured artist under the name "The WAV.s".
He was the radio voice of Dick Barton special agent on BBC radio and Dan Dare on Radio Luxembourg.
He starred in a documentary about his life and science advocacy,, which premiered at the South by Southwest Film Festival in March 2017; and, in October 2017, was named a" NYT Critic's Pick".
Schrader wrote or co-wrote screenplays for four Martin Scorsese films: "Taxi Driver" (1976), "Raging Bull" (1980), "The Last Temptation of Christ" (1988), and "Bringing Out the Dead" (1999).
McNeill is often described as quiet and enigmatic.
Although he retired from military service as a lieutenant colonel, he is sometimes called "General" Charles Edward Stuart, and this title appears on his gravestone at Dunkeld.
John Quinn( April 14, 1870 in Tiffin, Ohio – July 28, 1924 in Fostoria, Ohio) was an Irish- American cognoscente of the art world; and a lawyer in New York City who fought to overturn censorship laws restricting modern literature and art from entering the United States.
(featuring Drake), peaked at number 6 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Claude Fournier (born July 23, 1931 in Waterloo, Quebec) is a Canadian film director, screenwriter, editor and cinematographer.
His mummified corpse was on display there from 1802 to 1990 in a glass sarcophagus.
She was the singer of the German band, with whom she released five Albums.
She was married to Prince Christopher of Greece and Denmark, the youngest child of King George I of Greece and his consort, Grand Duchess Olga Constantinovna of Russia, but was created a princess "suo jure".
Cristina Rodríguez (born c. 1075) was a daughter of El Cid and Jimena Díaz.
Saint- Victor- de-Morestel is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
During his reign, his state suffered from repeated attacks by the state of Qin.
He was the second youngest brother of William the Silent.
He ruled during the Crisis of the Third Century that nearly caused the collapse of the empire.
She was born in Gloppen.
He directed the indie film" Safety Not Guaranteed"( 2012) and the blockbuster film" Jurassic World"( 2015), and also co-wrote the script to" Jurassic World" and its.
He was son of Antoine of Lorraine, Count of Vaudémont and Lord of Joinville and Marie of Harcourt, Countess of Harcourt and Aumale, as well as Baroness of Elbeuf.
Crato was killed in battle at Straelen in 1642.
After the war, Margaret fell in love with Group Captain Peter Townsend.
He was the son of Sir Arthur Cory Cory- Wright, 2nd Baronet, and Elizabeth Olive Clothier.
Father Unknown< nowiki>"</ nowiki>) and< nowiki>"</ nowiki>
During the Second World War, a special constable and former solicitor is called upon to defend his son who is accused of the theft of a car.
2019 projects include" Malibu Rescue", an action feature for Netflix and the series that follows.
In the mid 1950s he relocated to Brazil where he established his own film studio, Carlos Hugo Christensen Produções Cinematográficas.
Benton's prime concern was the westward expansion of the United States.
Joseph was primarily a general and was a very successful campaigner.
He subsequently embarked in a managerial career in the same country, coaching several teams( including his main one).
, he was a prominent figure in the Republican Party in its formative years, and was praised for his work on behalf of the Union as Secretary of State during the Civil War.
Some of the Twelver sect of Shia Muslims blame Harun for his supposed role in the murder of their 7th Imam
Prior to elected office Jean-Pierre worked for the Suffolk County Legislature as a legislative aide to DuWayne Gregory.
Raging Bull is a 1980 American biographical sports drama film directed by Martin Scorsese, produced by Robert Chartoff and Irwin Winkler and adapted by Paul Schrader and Mardik Martin from Jake LaMotta's memoir .
Otto III, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg (died 27 February 1404) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg.
He served as the sixth president of Carleton College, serving from 1970 – 1977, and the 15th president of Brown University between 1977 and 1988.
Edward Hake( fl. 1579), English satirist, was educated by John Hopkins, the part- author of the metrical version of the Psalms.
He was a major force in the British B film industry of the 1930s, overseeing the production of a number of quota quickies.
The film's art direction was by Arne Åkermark.
It is based on the operetta" The Merry Widow" by Franz Lehár.
Medieval sources do not even indicate whether the Hungarian princess was her mother.
His wife survived him by only four months.
Ian McFarlane, rock music journalist and author of" Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop"( 1999) wrote:" Peter Blakeley has been described by the founder of Atlantic Records Ahmet Ertegun, as' The finest White Soul singer I have ever heard.'"
Réjeanne Padovani is a Canadian drama film from Quebec, written and directed by Denys Arcand and released in 1973.
After the start of World War II, Grace joined a local Northampton committee dedicated to helping Jewish refugees from Europe, and loaned her house to WAVES.
In 1849 Alford assumed by Royal licence the surname of Egerton in lieu of his patronymic, on succeeding to the huge Bridgwater estates through his mother.
He was a Justice of the Peace( JP) for Middlesex and Hertfordshire.
The film is a Telugu adaptation of Fyodor Dostoevsky's" Crime and Punishment"( 1866).
Sometime between 1005 and 1012, Louis was in Aquitaine when Duke William V of Aquitaine made a donation to the Abbey of Bourgueil.
Sallie Fisher (August 10, 1880 - June 8, 1950) was an American stage and vaudeville actress who appeared in the 1916 silent "The Little Shepherd of Bargain Row".
Since 1989, he has taught history at the University of Maribor.
Film is based on the novel by Raf Vallet.
He operates a wrestling school in Edmonton.
The story is centred mainly on three families: the working class Lamberts, who worked in the dying textile mills and clung strongly to their Québécois heritage; the more middle-class Fontaines, who integrated more successfully into mainstream American life; and the wealthy Roussels, an industrialist family from France who owned the mills and exploited the Québécois immigrants.
La légion saute sur Kolwezi also known as" Operation Leopard" is a French war film directed by Raoul Coutard filmed in French Guiana.
She was born in 1292 at Caerphilly Castle in Glamorgan, Wales and was the eldest daughter of Gilbert de Clare, 6th Earl of Hertford, 7th Earl of Gloucester, 5th Lord of Glamorgan and Princess Joan of Acre.
This was the second of Sturges' plays to be adapted into a film, after" Strictly Dishonorable
According to one obituary, he was" a prime exponent of that style, being a master of swift exposition and fast action.
The dramatic story incorporates humor and music to relate the story of an Ashkenazi Jewish girl in Poland who decides to dress and live like a man so that she can receive an education in Talmudic Law after her father dies.
Matkari was born on 17 November 1938 in Mumbai.
Mstislav supported his son-in-law, Daniel Romanovichwho had claimed Halych since 1205to invade Polish territories, which brought about a reconciliation between Andrew II and Leszek.
It was the ruling royal house from 1904 to 1941.
Titilating ... Torrid ... Untopable ... Too Much For One Man!"
Harriet Lawrence Hemenway (1858–1960) was a Boston socialite who founded the Massachusetts Audubon Society.
His administrative talent brought him to the attention of Harun, who appointed him a secretary in the" diwan al- kharaj"( the" Bureau of the Land Tax").
He married socialite Sara Clark on August 11, 1934, but the marriage only lasted five weeks.
" He Was a Friend of Mine" is a traditional folk song in which the singer laments the death of a friend.
The Black Sea is bordered by Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria, Turkey, Georgia, and Russia.
His reputation as a filmmaker in Hollywood grew, and he was approached by Marlon Brando to film what would become "One-Eyed Jacks" (1961), though Brando eventually decided to direct it himself.
Al- Mu'tadid was renowned for his cruelty when punishing criminals, and subsequent chroniclers recorded his extensive and ingenious use of torture.
John Templeton( 1766–1825) was an early Irish naturalist and botanist.
It is based on two series of novels by Robert Louis Stevenson's —" The Suicide Club" and" The Rajah's Diamond".
The film's sets were designed by the art director Manuel Fontanals.
Nefertiti had many titles including Hereditary Princess (iryt-p`t); Great of Praises (wrt-Hzwt); Lady of Grace (nbt-im3t), Sweet of Love (bnrt-mrwt); Lady of The Two Lands (nbt-t3wy); Main King's Wife, his beloved (Hmt-nswt-‘3t mryt.f); Great King's Wife, his beloved (Hmt-nswt-wrt mryt.f), Lady of All Women (Hnwt-Hmwt-nbwt); and Mistress of Upper and Lower Egypt (Hnwt-Shm’w-mhw).
He was born one month after his father's death, on 17 November 1524.
Foxx also starred in the sketch comedy show "In Living Color" and his own television sitcom "The Jamie Foxx Show" (1996–2001), in which he played Jamie King Jr.
Helen Hooker or Helen Hooker O'Malley Roelefs (1 January 1905 – 2 April 1993) was an American sculptor and portrait painter who spent a considerable part of career in Ireland.
Elizabeth Lucretia of Cieszyn; 1 June 1599 – 19 May 1653), was a reigning Duchess of Cieszyn( Teschen, Těšín) from 1625 until her death.
Cayuco is a Spanish documentary film from 2007.
He became artistic director and became director by shooting several short films.
Héctor Barrantes Sansoni( 1939–1990) was an Argentine polo player.
Ella B. Holmes White( December 18, 1856 – January 31, 1942) was an American woman who was a survivor of the sinking of the RMS" Titanic".
Garrett Williamson( born June 15, 1988) is a Canadian- American professional basketball player for the London Lightning of the National Basketball League of Canada( NBL).
The film's sets were designed by the art director Otto Hunte and Karl Vollbrecht.
Charles Mingus Jr. (April 22, 1922 – January 5, 1979) was an American jazz double bassist, pianist, composer and bandleader.
Ferdinand was to remain in French hands for the next 12 years, while Joan ruled alone.
The movie is based on the content of Jacob Hilditch's satirical newspaper" Trangviksposten".
Another said he" was a prime example of a no-frills director of Bs, who got his job done quickly, competently and cheaply."
He lives in Copenhagen but continues to hold an Iranian passport.
Sadashivrao Peshwa (3 August 1730 – 14 January 1761) was son of Chimaji Appa (younger brother of Bajirao I) and Rakhmabai
He died in Richmond, BC on March 14, 2003.
The team plays its home games at Gary Hogan Field in Little Rock, Arkansas.
He is often confused with his son, who was also known as Hugh II of Le Puiset, though he was actually only Hugh II of Jaffa.
He was selected as a Rhodes Scholar and continued Germanic studies at Brasenose College, Oxford, graduating in 1932.
Through her daughter Karoline she is a direct female line ancestor of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom, King Michael of Romania, the last King of that country, King Felipe VI of Spain as well as of Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden.
The film's musical score and songs, composed by Michel Legrand, include the songs" Papa, Can You Hear Me?" and" The Way He Makes Me Feel", both sung by Streisand.
It covers his career from the time of his Def Jam debut" Radio", to his 1995 album" Mr. Smith".
Ray Taylor (1 December 1888 – 15 February 1952) was an American film director.
A historical drama, the film centres on the historical phenomenon of French Canadians who emigrated to New England for work opportunities, tracing their gradual loss of socioeconomic status, political power and cultural identity through the story of a community of French Canadian Americans in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.
Hot Summer Night or variants may refer to:
Francis Byrne believed this killing was in response to the Uí Briúin policy of subjugation and annexation of subject tribal territories.
The bags are available as singles for semi-automatic machines or as web bags, where the bags have perforations between each one.
Kaydyacha Bola is a Marathi movie released on 4 November 2005.
The film stars Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Billy Dee Williams, Anthony Daniels, David Prowse, Kenny Baker, Peter Mayhew and Frank Oz.
The film stars Ben Stiller, Robin Williams, Owen Wilson, Dan Stevens, and Ben Kingsley.
Pierre Elliott Trudeau High School( commonly known as PETHS, PET, or Trudeau) is a public, bilingual English and French- immersion secondary school in Markham, Ontario.
The school was started in 1974.
Her credits include "The Jammed", a film for which she won IF Awards for Best Feature Film and Best Script
Eleni Foureira( 7 March 1987) is a Greek singer and dancer.
It is said that she "made a significant contribution to the 'bohemian utopianism' of the artist's most intensely creative period, c. 1903-1914.
It was established by St. Mary's Educational and Cultural Society Tiruvalla, a registered charitable Trust.
He is the grandfather of Zhao Leji.
In 2018, he joined Egyptian side Wadi Degla SC.
A blockbuster," Krrish" grossed a worldwide total of 1.26 billion, becoming the third highest earning Indian film of 2006.
Filmmaker and publicist Ted Geoghegan (born August 10, 1979 in Beaverton, Oregon, United States) grew up in Great Falls, Montana, attending private and public schools and studying film extensively.
Mstislav invaded Halych, forcing Coloman and his supporters to flee to Hungary, most probably in early 1219.
The dialogue of the film is entirely in Ilocano, to give the film its authenticity with English subtitles.
He was the eldest surviving son of Frederick III, Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg and his wife Elisabeth Dorothea of Hesse-Darmstadt, daughter of Louis VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt.
He died in November 1149 and was succeeded by another brother, Qutb ad- Din Mawdud.
What is Peace?,
" Det var en yndig tid"
A Great Day in Harlem is a 1994 American documentary film directed by Jean Bach about the photograph of the same name.
The film had its world premiere at the "Panorama" section of the 64th Berlin International Film Festival on 7 February 2014.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Jack Winter.
On 31 January 1487 he became Fourth Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, but died later that year.
Cleopatra IV  was Queen of Egypt briefly from 116 to 115 BC, jointly with her husband Ptolemy IX Lathyros.
Sons of The Legion is a 1938 film directed by James P. Hogan.
It s plot concerns a woman architect who changes careers to become a nurse.
Their son James also represented Cardiff in the House of Commons.
It Rains in My Village( or literal translation" The End of the World Is Nigh") is a 1968 Yugoslav film by Serbian director Aleksandar Petrović, partly inspired by the novel Demons by Fyodor Dostoevsky.
In 2005 it was reported that al- Habib died in a US missile strike on the Pakistani village of Damadola though it is unclear whether this is the case as Pakistani officials have claimed that no Al- Qaeda leaders died in the attack.
From 1973, he was the Director of the Institute of Cancerology.
The film received positive contemporary reviews from publications such as" The New York Times".
It was released by 20th Century- Fox.
In Paris, where he acted on several plays, he met Carlos Gardel and the idea of filmmaking was born.
Born in Erfurt, he started performing at the age of 15.
She was the wife of Claude of Lorraine, Duke of Guise.
His younger sister, Louise Henriette de Bourbon, was the mother of" Philippe Égalité".
Godfrey rebelled against his King and devastated land in Lower Lorraine, as well as the City of Verdun; which, though his by inheritance, Henry had not given him.
Princess Augusta of Schleswig-Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg( 27 June 1633 – 26 May 1701) was a Danish- German princess of the senior Glücksburg line of the Duke of Schleswig- Holstein.
Helicopter Canada", sponsored by the Canada's Centennial Commission, was produced for international distribution in both French and English language versions for Canada's 100th anniversary.
As the 1860 presidential election approached, he was regarded as the leading candidate for the Republican nomination.
Gaius Julius Aquila was the name of a number of people who lived during the Roman Empire.
It also stars Jamaican actress Esther Anderson as Catherine, Matt's love interest.
The film stars Bela Lugosi as the vampire Armand Tesla.
Influenced by the political turmoil of May 68, improvisational theatre and an in-depth interview with filmmaker Jean Renoir, Rivette began working with large groups of actors on character development and allowing events to unfold on camera.
Charles Sellers( White Cloud, Kansas, November 22, 1888 – January 11, 1934) was an American minstrel show performer who worked in blackface under the stage name Charles Mack.
The film was based on a series of stories written by Matt Cvetic that appeared in" The Saturday Evening Post".
I've Come
They had a son together, Charles Godefroi Sophie Jules Marie de Rohan, but Charles left her for Clementina Walkinshaw, with whom he had Charlotte.
It discharges into the Crișul Alb near Șicula.
In a Swiss passport and identity card, the holder's place of origin is stated, not their place of birth.
Wounded in battle, and presented several awards, he entered the civil service during the years of peace, and was given various state and diplomatic appointments by the Emperor Paul I.
It is rumoured that his remains are buried inside the cathedral.
She married the Earl of Berkeley on 13 February 1711.
The work was a commentary on the now- lost" Classic of Burial"; as it survived and transmitted the classic's teachings, the" Book of Burial"'s principles relating the flow of" qi" to the appropriateness of a tomb's location were influential on the development of" fengshui".
His most important literary work is "Centona", a collection of poetry published in 1899.
Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is a 1984 American action- adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg.
He was prominent in French cinema in the years 1930- 1960.
Grubb was often called John in various documents, and seems to have used both names himself.
Escape to Danger is a 1943 British thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and Victor Hanbury and starring Eric Portman, Ann Dvorak and Karel Stepanek.
The song was recorded in 1914 by Billy Murray.
He also competed in the 5,000 metres at Munich, but did not qualify for the final.
Nino Martoglio (Belpasso, Paternò, 3 December 1870 — Catania, 15 September 1921) was an Italian writer, publisher, journalist and producer of theatrical works.
He also directed the pilot of" The Twilight Zone".
The film involves Casimiro( Tin- Tan), a night watchman in a Wax Museum, whose boss, Professor Sebastian( Yerye Beirute), has been secretly draining his blood to use in his experiments in raising the dead.
It also posthumously bills Bela Lugosi as a guest star( silent footage of the actor had actually been shot by Wood for another, unfinished film just prior to Lugosi's death in August 1956).
His best selling" What is?" illustrated children's book series on character education and difficult subjects for children is a popular teaching guide for parents, teachers and child- life professionals.
William A. Seiter( June 10, 1890 – July 26, 1964) was an American film director.
Pampa or La Pampa may refer to:
John Jaffer Janardhanan is a 1982 Malayalam movie directed by I. V. Sasi, written by T. Damodaran, starring Ratheesh, Ravindran and Mammootty.
After signing with Young Money Entertainment in 2009, Minaj released her first studio album, "Pink Friday" (2010), which peaked at number one on the US "Billboard" 200 and was ultimately certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
In 1628 he was High Sheriff of Wiltshire.
James FitzGerald, 6th Earl of Desmond( d. 1462), called' the Usurper', was the youngest son of Gerald FitzGerald, 3rd Earl of Desmond, and Lady Eleanor, daughter of James Butler, 2nd Earl of Ormond.
Varda's work employed location shooting in an era when the limitations of sound technology made it easier and more common to film indoors, with constructed sets and painted backdrops of landscapes, rather than outdoors, on location.
He was the grandson of Pierre Thierry and the nephew of Alexandre Thierry.
Oregon Coast Technology School, also known as ORCO TECH, is a public charter school in North Bend, Oregon, United States.
This is also very apparent with another child named, Violeta' Macarena' Rosu, who is also a girl.
Chamberlain made his career in Birmingham, first as a manufacturer of screws
Born at Reims in the summer of 953, Charles was the son of Louis IV of France and Gerberga of Saxony and the younger brother of King Lothair.
Wesley Barresi( born 3 May 1984) is a South African born first- class and Netherlands international cricketer.
Fraser's father, James T. Fraser, fought in the Italian campaign with the Hastings and Prince Edward Regiment.
2018- Kaanoraayana movie
At present school has 1000 students and 50 teaching staff on roll.
He was the eldest son of Bernhard I, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg, by his wife Princess Sophie, daughter of King Abel of Denmark.
In the 3000m, Cathrine places 27th with a time 4:20.93 and a difference of only+ 18.40 off the gold.
The great- granddaughter of king Christian III of Denmark, she was the third daughter, eighth by birth, of Philip, Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg and Princess Sophia Hedwig of Saxe- Lauenburg.
His daughter Lady Henrietta Stuart married in 1662 Sir Hugh Campbell of Cawdor, elder (?
Princess Helena was a Nazi sympathiser during World War II and was after the war exiled from Denmark, but eventually allowed to return, where she died.
During the silent film era he directed as many as twenty films per year.
He also wrote for 24 films between 1914 and 1927.
This is the only work involving Parker and Stone that was neither written, directed, nor produced by them, although Zucker himself has stated that Parker and Stone contributed innumerable suggestions for the film, most of which were used.
A list of films produced in Uruguay.
Roman Tesorio Villame (November 18, 1932 – May 18, 2007), better known as Yoyoy Villame, was a Filipino singer, composer, lyricist and comedian.
The film was a notable success at the 1964 San Francisco International Film Festival, winning Best Picture and Best Director.
Born in Feldkirch, Vorarlberg, he attended the Austrian Association of Cinematography in Vienna and earned a diploma as a camera assistant.
She won these titles as a young mother.
He authored several short stories and novels, meant primarily for young children and teenagers.
Huang Sui( born 8 January 1982) is a Chinese- Australian female badminton player from Hunan.
Herbert was succeeded by his son, William, but the earldom was surrendered in 1479.
He was a Christian Earl who owned much land and donated parts of the proceeds to the church.
In 2005, she was cast as Amy Calloway in the ABC drama series" Commander in Chief".
Francisco de Vico, followed by, placed it in 1000 – 20 without any documentary evidence.
The film's tagline is: "Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife."
Charlotte spent most of her life in French convents, estranged from a father who refused to make any provision for her.
Arcand has directed three Canadian films that have received an Academy Award nomination for Best Foreign Film and three films in the Toronto International Film Festival's 2004 list of the top 10 Canadian films of all time.
Mary Ann Kiliwehi Kaʻauwai (– November 4, 1873) was a Hawaiian high chiefess and lady-in-waiting of the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Established by the Society of Jesus as Marquette College on August 28, 1881, it was founded by John Martin Henni, the first Bishop of Milwaukee.
Kamsale Kaisale (ಕಂಸಾಳೆ ಕೈಸಾಳೆ) is a 2012 Kannada language children's film directed by T. S. Nagabharana.
Crescas was a leader of Aragon's Jewish community.
It is part of Niles Township Community High School District 219, which also includes Niles North High School.
She was also the stepmother of film maker and former record producer Anthony J. Hilder.
Deanna Ballard( born October 2, 1978) is an American politician who has served in the North Carolina Senate from the 45th district since 2016.
Warren owns a publishing company, Realsongs, which gives her control over her compositions.
Anne was the daughter of Scroop Egerton, 1st Duke of Bridgewater, by his first wife, the former Lady Elizabeth Churchill( herself the daughter of John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough and Sarah, Duchess of Marlborough).
Arms and the Man or Heroes is a 1958 West German historical comedy film directed by Franz Peter Wirth and based on the play of the same name by George Bernard Shaw.
This short documentary is entitled" Crayons and Paper", tells the story of Dr. Jerry Ehrlich, a pediatrician who has administered to children in conflicts zones across the world.
Her biggest achievement was winning the world title in the women's team time trial( 1988), alongside Maria Canins, Roberta Bonanomi, and Francesca Galli.
Ingeborg (Immi) Hellén wrote lyrics in Finnish.
It is the second installment in the" Krrish" franchise, being the continuation to" Koi ... Mil Gaya", and relates the story of Krishna, the son of the previous film's protagonists, who inherits his father's superhuman abilities.
Near the end of his long reign, Emperor Wu made her young son Liu Fuling his heir apparent, but ordered the death of Lady Gouyi to prevent her from usurping power from the boy emperor.
Egerton served as a Member of Parliament for Buckinghamshire as a Whig for Buckinghamshire from 1685 to 1686.
This is now considered to be a lost film, as there are no available copies of it.
After his death, Otto was succeeded as Count of Chiny by his son Albert.
Benton's son-in-law, John C. Frémont, won the 1856 Republican Party nomination for president, but Benton voted for James Buchanan and remained a loyal Democrat until his death in 1858.
In about 1638, Anne was the subject of at least two portraits by Flemish painter Anthony van Dyck.
He also played the High Priest Caiaphas in Mel Gibson's" The Passion of the Christ".
Doboy railway station was a former railway station on QR Citytrain suburban network in Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia.
(Li Jie/Li Ye) near the end of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, and the mother of two of his sons, Li You/Li Yu and Emperor Ai of Tang
He is the director of" Alone Among The Taliban".
Frederick W. Williams was the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1878 to 1882.
and then as a notable mayor of the city.
He received a number of awards for his movies at the state level.
Herman Frasch
Directed by Robert Florey, it was the last of twelve Tarzan films to star Johnny Weissmuller in the title role.
Hélène Grenier was a Canadian librarian born in 1900 who died in 1992.
Dayle Grubb( born 24 July 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for League Two club Forest Green Rovers.
Hezzelin I( also called Hezilo or Hermann), Count in Zülpichgau( died 1033), son of count palatine Hermann I of Lotharingia.
Kurt Neumann( 5 April 1908 – 21 August 1958) was a German Hollywood film director who specialized in science fiction movies in his later career.
He directed twenty four films between 1924 and 1937 in both English and German.
Among his trainees are Jack Evans, Pete Wilson and his younger cousin Matt Hart.
It was one of Presley's final acting roles, along with the same year's" Change of Habit".
He never married and died aged 42 from heart failure after an overdose of amphetamines.
He could not take up the administration of his territories, because they were occupied by the French.
Winter Meeting is a 1948 American drama film directed by Bretaigne Windust and starring Bette Davis and Jim Davis.
Bingham and his Dead Horses serve as Bridges' backing band in the film.
Marquess Wen of Wei also appointed Legalist philosopher Li Kui, whose principles for the implementation of political reforms were" to eat one must labor, to receive a salary one must provide meritorious service; those who do not will be punished."
At that time his father was the Company's senior partner.
He was also a member of the Amboina Serenaders and the Mena Moeria Minstrels.
Both albums were well- received in Greece and Cyprus.
Doors' keyboardist Ray Manzarek stated that" This will be the true story of the Doors," and that the film will be" the anti-Oliver Stone," referring to the 1991 film about the group that Stone directed, and which drew criticism from many Doors fans and several people who knew Morrison.
The second album came out in 1988 and the third in 1992}.
It is common for migraine sufferers to experience more than one type of aura during the migraine.
His films have also been nominated three further times, including two nominations in the same category for "The Decline of the American Empire" in 1986 and "Jesus of Montreal" in 1989, becoming the only French-Canadian director in history whose films have received this number of nominations and, subsequently, to have a film win the award.
He studied in the school of the Royal Dramatic Theatre in Stockholm 1907–1909, acted at the Swedish theatre in Helsingfors 1909–1913, and then at the Royal Dramatic Theatre from 1913–1926.
Lang's most famous films include the groundbreaking futuristic" Metropolis"( 1927) and the also influential" M"( 1931), a film noir precursor that he made before he moved to the United States.
Toren is a 2018 film written, directed, and produced by Nawzad Shekhany.
The game is set in the magical land of Oz, created by L. Frank Baum, as put through the gritty filter of 1940s film noir, with harsh city streets, grey rainy skies, femmes fatales, tough guys, trenchcoats, fedoras and plot twists.
Eleanor of Austria (25 September 1582 – 28 January 1620), was an Austrian princess and a member of the House of Habsburg.
Miguel Hernández Agosto( April 5, 1927 – March 18, 2016) was a Puerto Rican politician whose service in government spanned several generations.
He returned to his political duties for a time in St Petersburg, and wrote an account of his father's life and campaigns.
His parents were John V, Count of Oldenburg( 1460- 1525) and Anna of Anhalt- Zerbst.
Musically, the song has been compared to the works of Lady Gaga, Uffie, and Fergie.
The book of poetry" Tea" by D. A.
Lt.-Col.
Alexander de Brus( c. 1285 – 9 February 1307), Dean of Glasgow, was a younger brother of King Robert I of Scotland, who supported his brother in the struggle for the crown of Scotland.
Full-color, comic book-sized, 8-pages.
As a Spanish aristocrat, he was known as the" Iron Duke" of Alburquerque.
She acted in over 30 films throughout her career, and is best known for her roles in Little Women, David Copperfield, and The Great O'Malley.
The film's art direction was by Heinz Fenchel and Jacek Rotmil.
Grage holds the Danish records at all distances, and has set a national record of" 51 national records" over the individual distances since she started competing in 2005: 10 on the 500- m; 8 on the 1,000- m; 10 on the 1,500- m; 14 on the 3,000- m; 5 on the 5,000- m; and finally 3 in the 10,000- m.
Robert the Bruce eventually became King of Scots.
The following year, he was a member of the jury at the 38th Berlin International Film Festival.
(Musa ibn Ja'far).
He first became known for directing almost all music videos by pop group ABBA, and subsequently became a feature film director.
She was the third child but eldest daughter of Duke Władysław Odonic of Greater Poland by his wife Jadwiga.
From the mid-1960s on, he directed some 30 movies including the landmark Malayalam films" Bhargavi Nilayam", and" Murappennu".
Princess Anastasia of Greece and Denmark ("née" Nonie May Stewart; 20 January 1878 – 29 August 1923) was an American-born heiress and member of the Greek Royal Family.
Wright's father was choir conductor and composer Don Wright, and her maternal grandfather was Canadian Prime Minister Arthur Meighen.
His mother was Constance, whose parentage has been subject to recent speculation - associated with the lords of Marañón in traditional sources, she has lately been suggested to have been daughter of queen Estefanía, King García's wife, and hence stepsister of her husband.
The discovery of the river announced on August 1, 2010, was made by scientists at the University of Leeds and is the first of its kind in the world.
The Răstolț is a right tributary of the river Agrij in Romania.
His possessions were confiscated — reportedly, in his house alone the Caliph's agents found one million gold dinars.
His works combine genre scenes with still- lifes.
The marriage produced the following children:
Eirene's stepson, Michael IX Palaiologos was intended to succeed her husband as emperor, but ultimately it was Michael's son Andronikos III Palaiologos, who became the successor instead of Michael.
He had a twin brother, Franz Joseph, Prince of Hohenzollern-Emden, who was born a few minutes after he was.
The son of the actor and stage director Giancarlo, Sbragia has been performing in films, on television, and in the theater for almost thirty years.
He was the son of Guaire Aidne mac Colmáin (died 663), famous in Irish sagas.
While much of Ballard's fiction would prove thematically and stylistically provocative, he became best known for his relatively conventional war novel, "Empire of the Sun" (1984), a semi-autobiographical account of a young British boy's experiences in Shanghai during Japanese occupation.
He was a grandson of Marquess Wen of Wei, the founder of the state, and a son of Marquess Wu of Wei.
Francisco Fernández de la Cueva may refer to:
As a result, citizens prospered and the Han Dynasty enjoyed an era of peace.
The film was released worldwide on 9 November 2015.
Hugh Algernon Percy, 10th Duke of Northumberland (6 April 1914 – 11 October 1988), was the son of Alan Percy, 8th Duke of Northumberland, and Lady Helen Gordon-Lennox.
John Owen- Jones( born 5 May 1971) is a Welsh musical theatre actor and singer, best known for his portrayals of Jean Valjean in Alain Boublil& Claude- Michel Schönberg's" Les Misérables" and of The Phantom in Andrew Lloyd Webber's" The Phantom of the Opera".
Royal Tramp II is a 1992 Hong Kong film based on Louis Cha's novel" The Deer and the Cauldron".
Some questioned the need for a pledge at all.
He later farmed at Beer Farm, Binfield, Bracknell, Berkshire, as well as his parliamentary duties.
Released as a single in mid-1982," Even the Nights Are Better" first charted in the United States on the" Billboard" adult contemporary chart, where it spent four weeks at No. 1 in July and August.
Elected in 1986, Eastwood served for two years as mayor of Carmel- by- the- Sea, California, a non-partisan office.
Pombal was notable for his swift and competent leadership in the aftermath of the 1755 Lisbon earthquake.
John C. Coolidge remained active in his farming and business interests until his death in Plymouth in 1926; he was buried in Plymouth Notch at a village cemetery where several generations of his family are also buried.
John married
In 2019, Platform 1 was extended to accommodate 10- cars.
La casa del farol rojo(" The House of the Red Lantern") is a 1971 Mexican film.
Using references to several geographical locations, the song lyrics describe a troll, his wife and cat arriving to Sweden.
By the 1910s and 1920s, he was acting and directing on Broadway.
This left a younger brother, Scroop, as the heir to the earldom.
She is the founder and artistic director of Le Jeu dance and Stand Up HK comedy companies.
Scullin became a respected elder voice within the party and leading authority on taxation and government finance, and would eventually play a significant role in reforming both when Labor returned to government in 1941.
María del Carmen García Galisteo( born 16 October 1930) known professionally as Carmen Sevilla is a Spanish actress, singer and television presenter.
Lundell") is a Swedish writer, poet, songwriter, composer, musician and artist.
Love& War is the fifth and final studio album from the Christian rock band, BarlowGirl.
The music was composed by Rajesh Roshan, with the background score by Salim- Sulaiman.
It was based on the novel" One Pair of Feet" by Monica Dickens.
His eldest son Babur Mirza founded the Mughal Empire in 1526 and was the first Mughal Emperor of India.
Isabella of Aragon( 1305 – 12 July 1330) was the daughter of James II of Aragon and his second wife Blanche of Anjou.
Mona Hopton Bell( 1867- 1940) was a British artist, best known for her portraits of civic figures.
My Village is a Bollywood film.
Rob Archer( born August 9, 1975) is a Canadian actor and stuntman known for his roles as Bruce in" Lost Girl", Krampus in" A Christmas Horror Story" and Knox in" Ant- Man and the Wasp".
Born and raised in Reykjavík, Björk began her music career at the age of 11 and first gained international recognition as the lead singer of the alternative rock band
He served briefly as" Justiciar" of England in 1260 and as Constable of the Tower of London.
In 1978, it became the University of Kelaniya.
He competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, where the Kenyan team placed ninth.
The film was released theatrically in the United States in the summer of 1960 by Columbia Pictures.
He most recently wrestled on a National scale for Major League Wrestling (MLW) as the leader of The Hart Foundation, where he was the longest reigning MLW World Middleweight Champion and also held the MLW World Tag Team Championship.
Break Up( and also known as" The Man with the Balloons") is a 1965 Italian comedy film directed by Marco Ferreri.
It was the first and only public school that was approved by Prime Minister Pierre Elliott Trudeau to be named after him.
Jane Stewart, Countess of Galloway( 1 September 1774 – 30 June 1842), formerly Lady Jane Paget, was the wife of George Stewart, 8th Earl of Galloway.
B. M. Robinson was an American politician, who was the sixteenth Mayor of Orlando from 1902 to 1904.
Fort Albany First Nation controls the Fort Albany Indian Settlement on the south shore of the Albany River, and the Kashechewan First Nation controls the Kashechewan Indian Settlement directly across the river.
"Ludwig Philipp" Maria Friedrich Joseph Maximilian Antonius Ignatius Lamoral of Thurn and Taxis, full German name: "
His works and letters extensively criticised colonial policies of the British Empire, even to the detriment of his career.
Powell also refers to the song.
He became archbishop of Tarragona in 1327 and Latin Patriarch of Alexandria in 1328, holding both posts until his death.
Taking his seat in the Senate, Breckinridge urged compromise to preserve the Union.
Dorothy Karolyn Granger( November 21, 1911 – January 4, 1995) was an American actress best known for her roles in short subject comedies in Hollywood.
Set in present-day England and Spain in this adaptation, it had its world premiere at the 2015 Nordic International Film Festival in New York City as part of the festival's Official Selection, where it was nominated for and was awarded the Honorable Mention for Best Nordic Narrative Feature.
He was executed on the basis that he was a witness to the murder of John Comyn, Lord of Badenoch by Robert de Brus< Earl of Carrick at Dumfries and holding Tibbers Castle against Edward I.
Her 1988 short French- Creole film" Koman I le la sours" portrayed the life of a young mother in the La Source district in Saint- Denis, whose house is used as a hangout by the local children.
In 1914 he served in the French army as an officer but was wounded in at the battle of Soissons near Champaigne First Battle of Champagne.
His first album" Text und Ton" was released in 2001.
Frederick Adolphus of Lippe-Detmold ("Friedrich Adolf zur Lippe-Detmold"; 2 September 1667 – 18 July 1718) was a German nobleman and the Count of Lippe-Detmold from 1697 to 1718.
He is not to be confused with another Hebrew lexicographer, Jacob Knaani, who also had the German- Yiddish surname Kaufmann.
"Someone like You" is the 36th-best-selling single in the history of the UK Singles Chart.
He is a member of the national team, and was called up to the 2006 World Cup.
It was directed by William Clemens from a screenplay by Tom Reed, based on the 1933 novel "The Kennel Murder Case" by S. S. Van Dine, which had previously been made into a film in 1933, starring William Powell and Mary Astor.
It's impossible to overestimate the effect that those films had on people."
He was 68 years old.
Family secret or family secrets can also refer to:
He is a right-handed top-order batsman who bowled right-arm offbreak.
Viva la vie is a 1984 French film directed by Claude Lelouch.
He has published a series of books on philosophy of medicine and biology.
Niles West High School, officially Niles Township High School West or NWHS, is a public four-year high school located in Skokie, Illinois, a north suburb of Chicago in the United States.
Blue Hill is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States.
Joseph managed to rule Liechtenstein three times.
Because of the celebrity of his father- in- law, the World War I wedding was filmed, showing the bride leaving with Sir Herbert Beerbohm
She began her career in the theater, including productions on Broadway.
Dorothy Day( born 1896) was an American plant physiologist.
National Life Stories conducted an oral history interview( C467/46) with George Grenfell- Baines in 2000 for its Architects Lives' collection held by the British Library.
Miroslav Cikán (February 11, 1896 - February 1, 1962 in Prague) was a Czech film director.
He started his youth career in the boys' team of IFK Göteborg and is one of few that made the journey all the way to the starting lineup in the first team.
It has a positive water balance; that is, a net outflow of water per year through the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles into the Aegean Sea.
Since then that title had not been assumed, although St John was considered to be the line of heir.
Kirk Morris( born 26 August 1942) is an Italian Bodybuilder and actor.
Thundering Thompson is a 1929 American film directed by Ben F. Wilson.
The film premiered in Buenos Aires on November 20, 1942 and is considered by critics of Argentine cinema to be one of the most successful films in history.
After World War II, he returned to filmmaking only in 1954.
Having enjoyed public and critical acclaim," Elite Squad: The Enemy Within" is the all- time largest box office ticket seller and highest- grossing film in Brazil, ahead of" Dona Flor and Her Two Husbands" and" Avatar", respectively.
His extravagant, empire-wide program of public and private works was funded by a rise in taxes that was much resented by the upper classes.
He was appointed Chancellor of the Exchequer in the National Government in 1931.
This led to a long argument between the singer and producer Jack Kapp.
Eugene Boyko known to many as "Jeep", he was a Canadian filmmaker who worked with the National Film Board of Canada.
Aleksandar Loma emphasized that Serbian epic poetry about Kosovo events is older than the events it describes, having its origin in the pre-Christian and pre-Balkan periods of Serbian history.
The backstage story features Tom Morton as an aspiring playwright who hopes to stage a Broadway production, Mary Murphy, as a young lady from Indiana, and radio- TV humorist Herb Shriner in a rare acting role as a hardware store owner.
Carmín Vega( born 6 September 1955) is a Puerto Rican singer and comedian.
After his contract expired in 2014, he was declared the coach of the Indian team in 2015.
I invaded northern Greece and conquered the County of Salona, another Crusader state dating back to the Fourth Crusade.
He was given an award by the Spanish government for his history of Spanish exploration of the west coast of Canada.
He directed nearly 100 films between 1926 and 1967.
Donna Air( born 2 August 1979) is an English actor, television presenter and media personality.
The King of Jerusalem, Conradin, was executed in 1268 by Charles of Anjou, who had by papal authority seized Conradin's Kingdom of Sicily.
Dominic Day( born 22 August 1985) is a Welsh rugby union player.
At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 5 families.
He officially retired in 1974 but continued working as a consultant into his final decade.
Rosalie was born in 1809, was living with Chouteau by 1825, and she continued to live with him until his death at Fort Gibson, Indian Territory, in 1838.
I'm In Your Mind Fuzz is the fifth studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band King Gizzard& the Lizard Wizard.
The serial also features Jeanne Bates as the Phantom's girlfriend Diana Palmer, and Ace the Wonder Dog as the Phantom's trusty German shepherd Devil( who is a wolf in the original comic strip).
Within the state, the highway connects Mobile and Mobile County with the Baldwin County communities of Daphne and Fairhope.
It was a rare example of the swashbuckling genre in the film serial medium.
A versatile film director, Hawks explored many genres such as comedies, dramas, gangster films, science fiction, film noir, and westerns.
Published MARS plan for London with Arthur Korn in 1942.
In the 1980s he was also responsible for several hugely popular miniseries adapted from the novels of Barbara Taylor Bradford.
He appeared in more than fifty films, including many westerns and films noir including" Out of the Past"( 1947)," Night Has a Thousand Eyes"( 1948)," I Was a Communist for the FBI"( 1951) and" Carson City"( 1952).
Zheng Bo( born 26 November 1983) is a badminton player from Hunan, People's Republic of China.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Artur Berger and Julius von Borsody.
John died childless on 6 June 1237, aged 30.
Mingus
Auras vary by individual experience; some people experience smells, lights, or hallucinations.
He was the fifth and last child of John IV and Luisa de Guzmán.
" See You in Montevideo" was shot over a number of locations, Paraćin, Belgrade, Ulcinj, Trieste, and also the Spanish Island of Tenerife.
Through his mother, Princess Antonia of Prussia, he is a great- great- grandson of Wilhelm II, German Emperor.
The song was listed 56th on the" Billboard" Hot 100 Songs of All- time.
Gustaf Harald August Molander (18 November 1888 – 19 June 1973) was a Swedish actor and film director.
Two years before, the Seljuk sultan Ghiyath ad- Din Mas'ud had named his cadet son Alp- Arslan as overlord of Zengi, but the latter had neutralized him and carried with him at the siege.
Saint Rumbold( or" RumoldRomuold") was an Irish or Scottish Christian missionary, although his true nationality is not known for certain.
Karl Ready( born 14 August 1972, in Neath) is a Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international.
The company also invented Microgames and published Steve Jackson's first designs, including" OgreG.E.V." and" The Fantasy Trip".
Amongst his most original films, chiefly notable are" La BanderaPépé le MokoLittle World of Don CamilloPaniqueVoici le temps des assassins" and.
He was educated at Harvard University, the son of Edward Augustus Holyoke Hemenway and Mary Tileston Hemenway.
Marching for Liberty is the third studio album by Hungarian heavy metal band Wisdom, released on September 27, 2013, through Noise Art Records.
He often plays drama or comedy roles on television and frequently appears in BBC dramas.
She was made famous by her bust, now in Berlin's Neues Museum.
Video Rewind is a compilation of video clips recorded between 1972 – 1984 by The Rolling Stones.
The film premiered in Moscow on April 1, 1967.
William Henry Locke was a chaplain for the Union during the American Civil War.
(25 August 1467 – 4 June 1526) was a Spanish nobleman.
Judy or Judith Clark( e) may also refer to:
The brothers took over operation of the ironworks about 1765 and expanded it successfully.
The same year, the school became a four-year college.
It turned out to be a commercial success despite tough competition from Onam releases.
The film premiered at the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on October 13, 2017.
Leontius I of Jerusalem, also Leo, was Patriarch of Jerusalem of the Church of Jerusalem from 911 to 928.
The choice to develop the last volume of" In Search of Lost Time" allows the film to refer to the entire series of books.
The next year, the Second Crusade besieged Damascus, and Mu'in ad- Din was forced to recognize Nur ad- Din, who had come to his rescue against the crusaders, as overlord of the city.
Gross has won nine Daytime Emmy Awards.
During his early teens, Guthrie learned folk and blues songs from his parents' friends.
Joseph J. Sullivan was a blackface comedian and acrobat in New York.
She was also a trusted confidante of Shahuji.
The film was selected as the Swiss entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 62nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Jean-Pierre Chouteau (10 October 1758 – 10 July 1849) was a French Creole fur trader, merchant, politician, and slaveholder.
Judy or Judith Shepherd may refer to:
Casting began in December 2013, with the hiring of Rudd to play Lang.
Commander Charles Herbert Little RCN, CD, FRCGS( December 11, 1907 – January 10, 2004) was Canadian Director of Naval Intelligence during the Second World War and an author.
He was the third son of Bolko I the Strict, Duke of Jawor- Lwówek- Świdnica- Ziębice, by his wife Beatrix, daughter of Otto V the Long, Margrave of Brandenburg- Salzwedel.
Brereton was the son of Sir Randle Brereton, grandfather of Ambrose Barlow, and great- grandfather of Sir William Brereton, 1st Baronet.
Ruth Etting also recorded the song for Columbia( 3070) on July 1, 1935.
She was a member of the House of Aragon and Queen of Castile by her marriage.
Margaret De Patta(" née" Strong; 1903 – 1964) was born in Tacoma, Washington, and grew up in San Diego, California.
He was the son of Cesare II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla and Duke of Amalfi and Isabella Orsini.
Sidhi is a 1999 Filipino film based on Rolando Tinio's Palanca- winning teleplay(" Ang Kwento ni Ah") expanded into a movie script by Ricky Lee," Sidhi" is the story of Ah( Aunor), so called because she's mute and can only utter the first syllable of her name Anna.
Wei Chi  was king of Wei from 296 BC to 277 BC.
Afterwards is a 2008 English- language psychological thriller film directed by Gilles Bourdos and starring Romain Duris, John Malkovich and Evangeline Lilly.
It was reprinted and revised in 1956 under the title" Victorian Eton and Cambridge: Being the Life and Times of Oscar Browning".
Ludwig Johann Wilhelm
He succeeded to the barony in 1568 at the death of his elder brother, Henry Paget, 2nd Baron Paget.
Princess Marie Anne of Saxe- Altenburg( 14 March 1864 – 3 May 1918) was the consort of Georg, Prince of Schaumburg- Lippe.
Albert Heine (16 November 1867, in Braunschweig – 13 April 1949, in Westerland) was a German-Jewish stage and film actor.
He also won four BAFTA Awards and four Golden Globe Awards.
He was the grandfather of singer/ poet Leonard Cohen.
Short Term 12 is a 2013 American independent drama film written and directed by Destin Daniel Cretton.
Born in Joplin, Missouri to Daniel Wenrich and Mary Ray, he left for Chicago in 1901 where he attended classes at the Chicago Musical College.
Auras can also be confused with sudden onset of panic, panic attacks or anxiety attacks, which creates difficulties in diagnosis.
It was the first 3- D musical.
Grace Hanagan Martyn( May 16, 1907 – May 15, 1995) was the youngest and last survivor of the sinking of the" Empress of Ireland" on May 29, 1914.
Captain Donald MacDonald( c. 1724–1760) was a military officer who fought successively for France, for Charles Edward Stuart in Scotland, and for Great Britain in Quebec.
It earned three Independent Spirit Award nominations, including Best Female Lead, for Larson.
Frederick was Bishop of Liege, son of Albert III, Count of Namur.
The son of a German father and a Jewish mother, he was born in St. Pauli, the poorest part of Hamburg.
In 1023, Louis made a pilgrimage to Mont-Saint-Michel.
It stars Nastassja Kinski and Malcolm McDowell; John Heard, Annette O' Toole, Ruby Dee, Ed Begley Jr., Scott Paulin, and Frankie Faison play supporting roles.
In May 2000.
"Raging Bull" premiered in New York on November 14, 1980 and was released in theaters on December 19, 1980.
He ranked third among the Ten Marshals.
He died childless in November 1963, and was succeeded by his first cousin John Carnegie, 12th Earl of Northesk.
He also directed films about icons of Argentine history and culture:
Christian Friedrich Freiherr von Stockmar( 22 August 1787 – 9 July 1863) was a German physician and statesman, who was a leading player in the affairs of the United Kingdom under Queen Victoria.
Despite both the Queen's and his brother's execution he continued to enjoy the King's favour, receiving the bulk of William's Cheshire estates —amounting to over 200 acres—from the King.
He was the eldest son of Imad ad- Din Zengi of Mosul, and the elder brother of Nur ad- Din.
He joined the Prussian Army at an early age and distinguished himself during the First Silesian War at the capture of Głogów, at the Battle of Mollwitz and the Battle of Chotusitz.
The yacht club shown is the Royal Lymington Yacht Club.
Princess "Maria Teresa" Maddalena of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (Full Italian name: "Principessa Maria Teresa Maddalena di Borbone delle
It is a sequel to 2007 film" Elite Squad".
Antônio Carlos Brasileiro de Almeida Jobim (January 25, 1927 – December 8, 1994), also known as Tom Jobim , was a Brazilian composer, pianist, songwriter, arranger and singer.
He is best known for his series of gruesome and satirical horror films about an imagined zombie apocalypse, beginning with" Night of the Living Dead"( 1968).
She was an aunt of the Dutch Queen Emma.
He was rapidly promoted in 1923 to Minister of Health
His main residence was Stratfield Saye House in Hampshire.
Stefani had Elan feature on her remix of her number one single" Hollaback Girl" called" DanceHollaback", produced by Tony Kanal.
Max Johnston is a songwriter and multi-instrumentalist best known for his work on fiddle, Dobro, banjo, and mandolin with the bands Uncle Tupelo, Wilco and more recently, The Gourds.
He succeeded his father around 1388 on the latter's death and under the regency of his mother.
He directed 142 films between 1915 and 1949.
During the German occupation of Norway he was actively involved in the resistance movement, particularly by organising a network for escorting refugees to Sweden.
She is officially styled Her Royal Highness Princess Chulabhorn, which corresponds to her full Thai title Somdet Phrachao Nong Nang Thoe Chaofa Chulabhorn Walailak Agrarajakumari .
The Time, the Place and the Girl is a 1946 American musical film directed by David Butler.
Ray is the head of Retromedia, which releases DVDs of both his own productions and archival films.
In 1053, his first wife Doda having died, Godfrey remarried Beatrice of Bar, the widow of Boniface III of Tuscany and mother of Matilda, Boniface's heir.
The film was well received by critics, getting five out of six points from reviewers in" AftenpostenDagbladetVerdens Gang" and the NRK radio show" Filmpolitiet".
Barry Quentin Word( born July 17, 1964) is a former American football running back for the National Football League.
Wale Adebanwi( born 1969) is a Nigerian- born first Black Rhodes Professor at St Antony's College, Oxford.
Princess Elisabeth of Thurn and Taxis( German:" Elisabeth Maria Maximiliana")( 28 May 1860, Dresden, Kingdom of Saxony – 7 February 1881, Ödenburg, Austrian Empire)
The British Peerage and the first two foreign titles can only be inherited in the male line, while the Spanish one also can devolve upon the holder's daughters.
White appeared as Marcus Williams in the Tyler Perry films" Why Did I Get Married?" and" Why Did I Get Married Too?", and starred as the character on the TBS/ OWN comedy- drama television series" Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse".
The film released on 14 April 2006.
The Old Rajendra Nagar branch was the first branch that was launched, and is an important landmark in the Rajendra Nagar and Karol Bagh localities.
During the first year of his reign, he attended to his brothers and other relatives imprisoned on Wehni, a moment recorded by James Bruce who describes how the Emperor replaced their rags with proper clothing and furnished the starving royals with a banquet.
Her husband remarried to Beatrix of Nuremberg and they were parents of Albert IV, Duke of Austria.
She was the daughter of Philip William, Margrave of Brandenburg- Schwedt( 1669- 1711), the eldest son of the elector's second marriage with Sophia Dorothea of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg.
He was imprisoned and constrained to recognise the suzerainty of the count of Champagne, the legitimacy of Erard of Brienne's claim to Champagne, and relinquish several lordships to attain liberty again.
He developed the land by encouraging tenants to settle it, and granting them perpetual leases at moderate rates, which enabled the tenants to use more of their capital to make their farms and businesses productive.
Nonetheless, the reinstated Fernán signed royal documents below Ansur, indicating a reversal of rank.
Lady Katherine Percy( 18 May 1423 –) was the daughter of Henry Percy, 2nd Earl of Northumberland and Lady Eleanor Neville.
Joseph C V Heath was a male athlete who competed for England.
He directed 149 silent films between 1907 and 1926.
He graduated with a BSc degree from Birmingham University in 1965.
Shima is a 2007 film from Uzbekistan.
Prince Boris Vladimirovitch Golitsyn( 6 January 1769, Moscow- 6 January 1813, Vilnius) was a Russian aristocrat who fought in the Napoleonic Wars and rose to the rank of lieutenant general.
Born to Henry Fitzalan-Howard, 14th Duke of Norfolk and Hon.
He continued to serve Mu'tasim and his successors as an advisor on taxation issues until his death in 864, aged about 90.
Spring Storms or Spring Storms in the Autumn of Life( German: Frühlingsstürme im Herbste des Lebens) is a 1918 German silent drama film directed by and starring Fern Andra.
Born in Gedern, she was the second child of Christian Karl, Prince of Stolberg- Gedern and his wife Countess Eleonore of Reuss- Lobenstein.
She was involved in well over 50 films between 1940 and 1968, frequently starring in films she also wrote and directed.
After succeeding to the dukedom on the death of his father, 11 October 1988, he was noted for planting many trees at Syon House, the Ducal residence at Brentford; for an unsuccessful foray into film- making involving the Duke in front of and behind the camera; for romantic relationships with Naomi Campbell's mother Valerie and with American actress Barbara Carrera; and for excessive and adventurous drug taking.
Annis is best known for his work for Stampede Wrestling and his ownership and handling of the Calgary gym at which many of the wrestlers trained.
On 4 December 1865 both he and his brother Alfred were convicted in the Manchester courts and sentenced to be transported.
The album, preceded by the lead single "Amen" (featuring Drake), debuted at number two on the U.S. "Billboard" 200.
The film was released by New Line Cinema on January 5, 2007.
Elisabeth and Albert had no children and she died aged only fifteen in 1373; she was buried with Albert's parents in Gaming Charterhouse in Lower Austria.
He worked with George Grenfell Baines on a number of projects employing the mullion wall concept.
He returned to Buenos Aires, where he introduced the new ideas taken from music hall and varieties shows.
He was living at a hotel in Dublin and died unmarried in 1976, aged 58, and the title passed to a distant cousin.
In 2015, he received two nominations at The Metro FM Music Awards for Best Compilation Album for his album, For The Love of House Volume 6; as well as for Song of The Year for' Busa'.
Her mother was the notorious Frances Howard, who was an accomplice to murder.
As an actor, he is best known for his roles in "Brighton RockThe Great Escape10 Rillington PlaceThe Sand PebblesMiracle on 34th Street" (1994) and "Jurassic Park".
After the Treaty of Ryswick in 1697, his lands were returned to him and he became Regent.
Nomad: In the Footsteps of Bruce Chatwin is a 2019 British documentary film by German director Werner Herzog.
He was succeeded to the title by his grandson, Richard Cory- Wright.
He was also Count of Liege.
XL Recordings released the song as the second single from the album on 24 January 2011
She is referred to as the mother of sheikhs and as the Mother of the UAE.
He was interested in music and played in a number of bands.
What is Dreaming?,
Despite a sizable list of credits, Paton was never well-regarded, especially as a director.
" The Phantom Flyer" was one of a series of films that showcased the exploits of the stunt pilots in Hollywood.
During his rule, the family of Barmakids, which played a deciding role in establishing the Abbasid Caliphate, declined gradually.
He is the singer and- occasionally- guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death.
She and her brother remained deeply attached to each other all their lives, a period during which the family progressed from ruling a tiny and obscure principality in Central Asia to ruling a large portion of the Indian subcontinent.
Most Roman sources, such as Suetonius and Cassius Dio, offer overwhelmingly negative assessments of his personality and reign; Tacitus claims that the Roman people thought him compulsive and corrupt.
It is hypothesized that the nature of epileptic auras are determined by the part or parts of the brain in which an individual's seizures originate.
In 1148, together with Nur ad- Din, he marched south to help defend Damascus during the Second Crusade( see Siege of Damascus).
The Deeside Railway was taken over by the GNoSR in the 1860s.
Born and raised in Windsor, Ontario, Tamia performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child.
Just Maath Maathalli (Kannada:
It stars Hilda Koronel, Lou Salvador, Jr., Tommy Abuel, and in his film debut, Rafael Roco, Jr..
He was appointed Confederate secretary of war in 1865.
My Dear Muthachan is a 1992 Malayalam film written by Sreenivasan and directed by Sathyan Anthikad and produced by Joy Thomas.
Foureira left Minos EMI in 2015, and signed with Panik Records.
During his stay in Italy he frequently visited his friend and fellow poet Percy Bysshe Shelley.
The Road to Jenin is a 2003 documentary directed by Pierre Rehov, a French- Algerian film director of Jewish descent, whose documentaries mostly deal with the Middle East conflict.
Entering the charts in mid-summer 1988, the single became Sabrina's third major international hit.
He was the second son of Casimir II, Duke of Cieszyn, by his wife Johanna, daughter of Wiktoryn of Poděbrady, Duke of Opawa.
The O. Henry House Museum is a historic house museum located in San Antonio, Texas.
Her father became regent of Damascus in 1138, and ruled the city on behalf of a series of young emirs of the Burid dynasty.
Again in England, represented India Under-15 Team in U/15 World Cup in the year .
Gallienus appointed him together with Paternus as Consul in early 268.
Sir George Grenfell- Baines( born George Baines; 30 April 1908 – 9 May 2003) was an English architect and town planner.
He was a JP for Bedfordshire and described as Church of England Conservative.
In 1860, he succeeded his father as viscount.
Mrs. Brody, who died on November 12, 2009 at 93, was the wife of Sidney F. Brody, a real estate developer who died in 1983, and the stepdaughter of Mary Lasker, a philanthropist and champion of medical research who died in 1994.
He has been nominated 6 times for the Drama Desk Award( White Christmas, The Drowsy Chaperone, Catch Me If You Can, A Christmas Story, Honeymoon in Vegas and Fiddler on the Roof( in Yiddish) for Orchestrations.
Her eldest daughter, Charlie Hancock, is also an actress and played Verity Darling on the drama series" Spirited".
He inherited the manor of Wycombe; the town received market borough status in 1237.
Atholl died unmarried in May 1957, aged 77.
Darling of the Gods is a 1930 German musical drama film directed by Hanns Schwarz and starring Emil Jannings, Renate Müller and Olga Tschechowa.
He was "one of the most important directors of the golden age of Argentine cinema".
Veteran Sheridan Atkinson was part of the Italian campaign, and is featured prominently in the movie.
He was the uncle of Cardinal Amanieu d'Albret.
Sumaya bint Hassan( born 14 May 1971) is a princess of Jordan.
George Carnegie, 9th Earl of Northesk and Elizabeth Georgina
The film received mixed reviews upon its release; while De Niro's performance and the editing were widely acclaimed, it garnered criticism due to its violent content.
Starring Jeanne Moreau and Claude Mann, it is Demy's second film and deals with the subject of gambling.
The bag is supplied to the company which will fill it as an empty pre-made bag.
She was the only surviving child of Charles XV of Sweden and his consort, Louise of the Netherlands.
As Duncan, McLachlan directed such films as "ScavengersThe Double 0 KidRunning WildDeadly Chase" and .
Amitabh Bachchan bought the Hindi dubbing rights, besides narrating the prologue for the Hindi version.
A film produced by her," Music by Prudence", won the 2009 Academy Award for Best Documentary( Short Subject) on March 7, 2010.
Saint- Victor- de-Beauce Aerodrome,, is located southeast of Saint- Victor, Quebec, Canada.
In the same year, he became president of the Christian Democratic Centre( CCD) parliamentary group at the Chamber of Deputies.
Anna( stylized as ANИA) is a 2019 English- language French action thriller film written, produced and directed by Luc Besson.
The film was produced by Mohanlal for Pranavam Arts in association with R. Mohan's Shogun Films.
When his brother Louis Crato died in 1713 he took up the government in Nassau- Saarbrücken.
The song, which depicts a British Navy visit to Gothenburg, has become a standard sing-along song in Sweden.
He collaborated with Dhanush for the film" Maari"( 2015).
The film also features Henry O'Neill, Edward Brophy, Sheila Bromley and Ralph Forbes.
His brother Thomas Johnson jr. (died 3 November 1904) was a prominent businessman in Broken Hill.
He was educated at Winchester College and at New College, Oxford.
The film was directed by Peyton Reed, with a screenplay by the writing teams of Edgar Wright and Joe Cornish, and Adam McKay and Paul Rudd.
Johnny on the Run is a 1953 adventure film directed by Lewis Gilbert.
It is situated beside National Highway 31, Kishanganj of Kishanganj district in the Indian state of Bihar.
To secure their release, Andrew II renounced Halych and arranged a marriage alliance between his youngest son, Andrew, and Mstislav's daughter.
René I de Rohan,( 1516–1552) 18th Viscount of Rohan, Viscount and Prince de Léon, and Marquis de Blain married Isabella of Navarre daughter of jure uxoris King John III of Navarre and Catherine of Navarre, Queen of Navarre.
Several top hits such as "Rags to Riches" followed in early 1953.
The works lasted from 1900 to 1909 and, that year, the project received the prestigious .
Korda himself considered the film his best work of the period.
She then died sometime before 11 March 1543.
Maria Clementina Sobieska( 18 July 1702 – 18 January 1735) was a Titular Queen consort of England by marriage to James Francis Edward Stuart, a Jacobite claimant to the British throne.
He died of diabetes in 1931.
Jacob Zorzi (also Giacomo Giorgi) was the Marquess of Bodonitsa from 1388 to 1410.
She was the daughter of Sir Edward le Despencer, 1st Baron le Despencer, by Lady Elizabeth Burghersh, daughter and heiress of Bartholomew de Burghersh, 2nd Baron Burghersh.
The film released on 14 January 2009, along with getting mixed reviews from critics.
Egoyan based the film on a true story in 1989, when a fire burned down his parents' home.
The story is based on the short story" The Money Box" by W.W. Jacobs, author of" The Monkey's Paw".
Elvis Presley recorded the song on his gospel album" How Great Thou Art"( 1967).
He died on March 14, 1986 due to cardiac arrest in Calcutta( now Kolkata).
He died in Ottawa at the age of 96.
The Urethra Chronicles is a 1999 documentary film starring the American pop punk band Blink- 182.
Octavian set about solidifying his power, and the era of the Roman Empire began.
Wilhelmine Catharina Alma Wartenberg( born" Stähr";* 22 December 1871 in Ottensen; died 25 December 1928 in Altona) was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany und Women's Rights Activists.
was a Landgrave of Hesse-Homburg
The nickname' Macarena' derives from the song" Macarena", her favorite.
Juan de la Torre y Castro of Juan de la Torres y Castro (1607 – December 1662) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Nicaragua (1661–1662).
The film follows Zephyrhills, Florida native Steve Marshall, a former Ringling Bros. and Barnum& Bailey Circus clown on a monthlong tour from Florida to New York.
In this film Lillian Gish and Ann Sothern played their final film roles.
The film had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival as a Special Presentation on 9 September 2018.
He represented Kentucky in both houses of Congress and became the 14th and youngest-ever vice president of the United States, serving from 1857 to 1861.
Philemona Williamson( born 1951) is a well- known artist from New York City.
He is the second youngest person ever to win the award after Damien Chazelle, who won for" La La Land" in 2017.
He is best known as the composer of the theme music for the original" Star Trek" series.
He was successor of Imad ad- Din Zengi II.
Sir William Brereton, 1st Baronet( 13 September 1604 – 7 April 1661) was an English writer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1628 and 1659.
Maria of Antioch( died after 10 December 1307) was the pretender to the throne of Jerusalem from 1269 to 1277.
It was simultaneously shot in Tamil and Telugu (titled Love Failure) languages.
His primary crime was check fraud; he became so experienced that the FBI eventually turned to him for help in catching other check forgers.
With the implicit support of the Turkish faction of the army, he ordered the assassination of al- Mutawakkil which was carried out by a Turkish soldier on December 11, 861.
The film stars Siddharth and Amala Paul in the lead roles.
He is one of the hosts of the long- running PBS program" History Detectives".
Paradesi  is a 2007 Indian Malayalam-language drama film written and directed by P. T. Kunju Muhammed.
Fern Andra, Dowager Baroness von Weichs( born Vernal Edna Andrews, November 24, 1893 – February 8, 1974) was an American actress, film director, script writer, and producer.
The alliances of the Montlhéry Clan formed a broad network of nobles who engaged heavily in the Crusades.
She was the daughter of King Henry II of Castile and his wife, Juana Manuel of Castile, from a cadet branch of the Castilian royal house.
It was sent to US rhythmic radio stations on March 18, 2014, two weeks after its predecessor, "Trophies".
He was initially the group's de facto leader, a role gradually ceded to McCartney.
The differential diagnosis of patients who experience symptoms of paresthesias, derealization, dizziness, chest pain, tremors, and palpitations can be quite challenging.
Lady Byron had felt that an education in mathematics and logic would counteract any possible inherited tendency towards Lord Byron's insanity and romantic excess.
It was also known as The Return of Wildfire.
Abu Ja'far Ashinas( died 17 or 19 December 844) was a general of the Abbasid caliph al- Mu'tasim.
Surviving My Mother is a 2007 Canadian comedy- drama film.
Shirley Eaton appears in a scene that she claimed she was never paid for; apparently, the director Jesús Franco had inserted some stock footage of her from one of her films(" The Girl from Rio"( 1968)) into the film without telling her.
Sisowath Kossamak was born Princess of Cambodia as the daughter of King Sisowath Monivong and his wife Norodom Kanviman Norleak Tevi.
Shadowlands is a 1993 British biographical drama film about the relationship between academic C. S. Lewis and American poet Joy Davidman, her death from cancer, and how this challenged Lewis's Christian faith.
The New York Post" ran" A Great Day in Spanish Harlem."
The film is based on the novel of the same name written by Padmarajan.
Wooden Crosses is a 1932 French war film by Raymond Bernard, based upon a novel by Roland Dorgelès.
William Thomas "Billy" Murray (May 25, 1877 – August 17, 1954) was one of the most popular singers in the United States in the early 20th century.
Jacobo Francisco Eduardo Fitz- James Stuart y Colón de Portugal, 3rd Duke of Berwick, 3rd Duke of Liria and Jérica, 9th Duke of Veragua, 9th Duke of la Vega( 28 December 1718 – Valencia, 30 September 1785) was a Spanish Jacobite.
They had his heir and successor, and a daughter:
Alexander’s supporters.
In between there is quite a sober film about the Oberst( Colonel) Redl affair that shook the Austro- Hungarian Monarchy on the eve of World War I.
Elisabeth's birthdate is unknown.
After his father died in 1623, he ruled Nassau-Dillenburg jointly with his elder brother Louis Henry until Albert died himself in 1626.
School of the Nations may refer to:
He died shortly thereafter of cardiac arrest on August 7, 1989 in Westport.
John Joseph Feild( born 1978) is a British- American film, television and theatre actor.
He practiced medicine in the military hospitals at Dax, where from his graduation from Montpellier in 1807 he worked in the company of Jean Thore( 1762 – 1823).
The company was established on June 12, 2007, as a relaunch of NewComm Wireless Services( formerly d/ b/ a Movistar).
According to the" Orkneyinga Saga", Eystein Glumra was the son of Ivar the jarl of Uplanders and grandson of Halfdan the Old.
These three men split the Southern vote, while more anti-slavery Republican candidate Abraham Lincoln won all but three electoral votes in the North, allowing him to win the election.
Throughout his life, Guthrie was associated with United States communist groups, although he did not appear to belong to any.
The latter two, he also directed.
Oklahoma Cyclone is a 1930 American Western film directed by John P. McCarthy that is a forerunner of the singing cowboy genre.
Originally filmed in Hindi under the title" Cinema", the film was released first in Tamil.
" All About My Father" is a personal documentary about the director's father, the famous sexologist and transvestite Esben Esther Pirelli Benestad, who lives in the southern Norwegian city of Grimstad.
Sky Dylan Dayton( born August 8, 1971) is an American entrepreneur and investor.
Until she became Countess of Chiny in spring 1268 she was styled as 'dame de Blâmont' and used her own seal.
Andrew's first wife, Gertrude of Merania, was murdered in 1213 because her blatant favoritism towards her German kinsmen and courtiers stirred up discontent among the native lords.
Giuseppe Mercanti, best known as Pino Mercanti( 16 February 1911- 3 September 1986), was an Italian director and screenwriter.
Anthony I, Count of Oldenburg and Delmenhorst( 1505 – 22 January 1573, Oldenburg) was a member of the House of Oldenburg and was the Imperial Count of the Counties of Oldenburg and Delmenhorst within the Holy Roman Empire of German Nation.
The son of working-class Irish-immigrants, Scullin spent much of his early life as a laborer and grocer in Ballarat.
Suramarit was given the posthumous title of "Preah Karuna Preah Norodom Suramarit Preah Moha Kachanakkot" .
Edward Rapallo (1 March 1914 – 6 February 1984) was the third Gibraltarian born Roman Catholic Bishop of Gibraltar following in the footsteps of Bishop Scandella and his successor Bishop Canilla.
Although he worked in a variety of genres, he is perhaps best remembered today for the series of low- budget horror films he made at Universal Studios in the 1940s.
It was released on February 19, 2013 as the fourth and final single from his debut studio album "Dreams and Nightmares" (2012).
In 2008, Kim was awarded the Lee Osheroff Richardson North American Science Prize, from Oxford Instruments for his contributions to the understanding of solid helium.
Harriet Holter (11 April 1922 – 18 December 1997) was a Norwegian social psychologist.
It also received the jury prize at the Raindance Film Festival in London in 1994.
I of Spain, 17th- Great Grandmother of Philippe of Belgium, 14th- Great Grandmother of His Majesty Manuel II of Portugal, 16th- Great Grandmother of Grand Duke Henri, as well as many others.
He is widely regarded as one of the most influential and significant Filipino filmmakers in the history of Philippine cinema.
(the same day the album was released) in the United Kingdom and on 9 August 2011 in the United States.
He was the younger brother of Preston Blair and the husband of Mary Blair.
The film was banned in Finland.
The film premiered in competition, at the Venice Film Festival.
In 2006 he published his second novel," En el nombre del cerdo"( literally:" In the name of Pork"), not yet translated in English.
Ekström became a popular, respected player in Serie A club Empoli, where he acquired the nickname' Il Ciclone'( the cyclone) due to the exceptional speed he displayed when charging ahead with the ball in his possession, his most notable quality.
His sister- in- law, Marie Louise de La Tour d'Auvergne, was a first cousin of Prince Charles Edward Stuart and became his mistress.
Eystein Glumra(" Eystein the Noisy" or" Eystein the Clatterer"; Modern Norwegian" Øystein Glumra") also known as Eystein Ivarsson, was reputedly a petty king on the west coast of Norway, during the 9th Century.
Douglas Geers is an American composer, and the founder of the Spark Festival.
She married Professor Petr Mužák (1821–1892) in 1852, who had taught her music.
The Showtimers and Clinic as well as for the music for the films To Walk with Lions,, and Kill Bill Vol.
She was later a leading member of the "cabale de Meudon", a group of people who centered on Louis, "le Grand Dauphin" her older half brother.
William Wright( May 21, 1918, or 1932 – October 28, 1991) was a jump blues singer from the U.S.
His 1989 film" The 15 Year Old Girl" was entered into the 16th Moscow International Film Festival.
OFCOM listed the licences for Open Access and Open Access 2 as registered to Open Access Group Limited, while the licence for Open Access 3 was registered to Trace TV( UK) Limited.
He made six films, writing all of them and producing several himself.
Kaalapani is a 1996 Indian Malayalam- language epic historical period drama film co-written and directed by Priyadarshan.
William Cowper, 1st Earl Cowper, (– 10 October 1723) was an English politician who became the first Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain.
Because of this financial support, William was able to campaign against Spain in the Netherlands.
Negro Dollar( born July 24, 1989 in Comodoro Rivadavia, Argentina) is an Argentine rapper/ composer who was the first Crunk Argentine artist.
Ray Taylor directed Richard Talmadge, Lucille Lund and Walter Miller (as the hero, love interest and villain respectively).
It stars Nathalie Baye, Bulle Ogier, Samuel Le Bihan, Jacques Bonnaffé, Mathilde Seigner, Audrey Tautou, Robert Hossein, Claire Denis, Micheline Presle, Emmanuelle Riva and Elli Medeiros.
Unfortunately relatively few of his scores are available on compact disc.
It flows into the Crișul Alb near Bocsig.
He is a former dentist.
James Tuchet, 6th Earl of Castlehaven( died 12 October 1740) was the son of James Tuchet, 5th Earl of Castlehaven and his wife Anne Pelson.
The success of singles" Change" and" Red", both of which cracked the UK top ten was enough to propel the album to number two on the UK Albums Chart.
Aside from his work in the film industry, Ray was also a professional wrestler.
Ben Cura (born 30 September 1988) is a British-Argentine actor and director of film, television and theatre.
Hindi version retitled" Final Cut of Director" had a limited release in 2016.
Gustav Adolf of Nassau-Saarbrücken (27 March 1632, Saarbrücken – 9 October 1677, Strasbourg) was Count of Saarbrücken and Major General at the Rhine of the Holy Roman Empire of German Nation.
It was first serialized online from February to July 2012 and then published in book form in July 2012.
It stars Christopher Lee as the eponymous villain, a Chinese criminal mastermind, and Nigel Green as his pursuing rival Nayland Smith, a Scotland Yard detective.
He was promoted Captain in 1866 and Lieutenant-Colonel in 1873.
Mr. Cloche, whose career spanned more than a half- century, also made spy thrillers and films with religious and social themes.
Louis's older brother, Otto, who had remained behind in Germany, inherited their father's duchy.
The Catholic University of Leuven was founded in 1834 in Mechelen as the Catholic University of Belgium moved its seat to the town of Leuven in 1835, and changed its name to Catholic University of Leuven.
In this war, Godfrey captured Frederick of Luxembourg, Duke of Lower Lorraine, who had received that duchy, including Antwerp, from Henry III.
I Could Cry".
In addition to his own works he edited articles for the" Annales générales de sciences physiques" by Bory de Saint- Vincent, Auguste Drapiez( 1778 – 1856) et Jean- Baptiste Van Mons( 1765 – 1842).
A reference to the pledge was made on April 17, 2001 when, in response to Timothy McVeigh's description of himself as a libertarian, Libertarian Party national director Steve Dasbach said:
He starred in the film" Code Unknown", which was selected in the 2000 Cannes Film Festival.
She began her career as an actress, most notably playing Josie Pye in the 1985" Anne of Green Gables" series and its sequels.
He published his book in 1979; the film came out in 1980.
The seat of the Dukes of Richmond is Goodwood House in Sussex.
The Fabulous Senorita is a 1952 American musical comedy film directed by R.G. Springsteen and starring Estelita Rodriguez, Robert Clarke and Nestor Paiva.
The Kansas City Storm is a women's tackle football team based in Kansas City.
Iraqi nationality is transmitted by one's parents.
His two best- known songs are" I Remember You" and" Tangerine", both with lyrics by Johnny Mercer and both featured in Schertzinger's final film," The Fleet's In"( 1942).
This film is an entry of the 1991 Metro Manila Film Festival.
He introduced the feast of St. Jadwiga and also had audiences with Emperor Charles IV of Luxembourg and Casimir the Great.
Their children are: Roland Anthony Cory- Wright( born 1979); Jonathan James Cory- Wright( born 1981); and Felix Michael Cory- Wright( born 1986).
His parents were director Harald Molander, Sr.
Antony Basker Raj( born 21 April 1925), also known as A. B. Raj, is an Indian director of Malayalam movies.
" Beautiful Ending" is the first single to be released from the album.
La Cage aux Filles(< nowiki>"< /nowiki> The Girl Cage< nowiki>"</ nowiki>).
On his death, his titles passed to his son James.
He was the son of Sir John St John( born 1498) of Bletsoe and Spelsbury and his first wife Margaret, the daughter of Sir William Waldegrave.
In Search of La Che is a Scottish spoof documentary film directed by Mark D. Ferguson.
He made his motion picture debut in 1974, in Franco Rossetti's" Nipoti Miei Diletti"( 1974).
Doris
Salome of Greater Poland also known as Salomea Odonicówna( literally daughter of Odonic)( b. – d. April 1267?), was a Polish princess member of the Piast dynasty from the Greater Poland branch and by marriage Duchess of Glogów.
Whilst a guest, Lord Fitzalan was disabled by an attack of fever, and subsequently nursed by Augusta, with whom he fell in love.
Vinícius de Moraes was supposed to be taking care of that.
Wonny Song( born 1978) is a Canadian pianist.
The film was released on March 28, 1948, by Monogram Pictures.
This technique led to the thirteen-hour "Out 1" which, although rarely screened, is considered a Holy Grail of cinephiles.
Joan Bou Company( born 16 January 1997) is a Spanish cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental team.
Sadruddin Ahmed Chowdhury (1 January 1931 – 23 July 2016) was a Bangladeshi academic and physicist.
John I, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg( died 5 June 1291) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Bernburg.
He was born to a very young mother and his Bedouin father gave him away to his grandparents at age four following his mother's death.
He was knighted by James I in 1608, before he studied law at the Middle Temple.
David Adams Berry( July 8, 1943 – December 16, 2016) was an American screenwriter and playwright.
He built the first theater in Lima.
Costigan started a production company, Corduroy Films, in 2002.
Adélaïde possessed the Duchy of Louvois with her sister Sophie from 1777 until 1792, which had been created for them by their nephew Louis XVI, in their own right.
Hemenway was not a stranger to controversy and came from a family of abolitionists.
Way for a Sailor is a 1930 American Pre- Code film starring John Gilbert.
He held the three responsibilities of Vice Premier, Vice Chairman and Minister of National Defense from 1959 onwards.
Francesco or François Bigottini( c.1717, Rome- after 1794, probably in Paris) was an Italian actor, playwright, set designer and grip active in Italy, the Netherlands, France, Switzerland and Spain.
When Hugh III of Arborea, Eleanor's brother, sought out a matrimonial alliance with Genoa, his choice for a brother-in-law fell on Brancaleone.
Kristian Leontiou (born February 1982) is a British singer of Greek Cypriot descent, and is the singer for the indie rock band One eskimO.
Helen Lyman commonly known as Helen Hoyt or Helen Hoyt Lyman( January 22, 1887 – August 2, 1972) was an American poet.
oh boy!
On 3 October, he entered Villa di Chiesa.
From 1887, Chopin's chemist business gradually declined due to increasing competition with general stores and other chemists.
He has a habit of giving lead roles to inexperienced young actresses in his films on family life and women.
His premiership was dominated by the question of policy towards an increasingly aggressive Germany, and his actions at Munich were widely popular among the British at the time.
Bridge to Terabithia is a 1985 American- Canadian made- for- television fantasy drama film produced for the PBS series" WonderWorks", starring Annette O' Toole, Julian Coutts, and Julie Beaulieu.
Tank Junction railway station is located in Pakistan.
Rosen was married to model and actress Joyzelle Joyner.
He became Count of Chiny in 1268 when his parents entrusted him with the county before their death.
Louis was born between 975 and 980, during the reign of his uncle, King Lothair of France.
A detective drama, It is now considered a lost film
The confusion about the numbering is rampant among the counts of Chiny and Looz, especially once the countships merged.
The song was released in October 1993 as the second single from their self- titled debut studio album( 1994).
After certain post-production controversies, the film debuted in theatres on 16 July 1976.
1696 – Naples, Italy, 2 June 1738) was a Jacobite and Spanish nobleman.
John St John of Northwood, 12th Baron St John of Bletso( 15 November 1725 – 20 April 1767) was a British peer.
Nils R. Müller (17 January 1921 – 6 March 2007) was a Norwegian film director.
He was the son of John II, Count of Vendôme and Isabel de Beauveau.
Euphemia of Masovia (1395/97 – before 17 September 1447), was Duchess of Cieszyn by marriage to Bolesław
Robert Power( born 3 July 1971) is an Irish former cyclist.
Ann Maria Reeves Jarvis (September 30, 1832 – May 9, 1905) was a social activist and community organizer during the American Civil War era.
The film had been released on 27 May 1977, in which it earned 155 million in India, and became the highest- grossing Indian film of that year, alongside" Dharam Veer" and" Hum Kisise Kum Naheen".
He married Teresa María Arias de Saavedra, 7th Countess of Castellar.
Mark J. Sullivan was the Director of the United States Secret Service from May 31, 2006 to March 27, 2013.
Kaleigh Quennec( born 15 February 1998) is a Swiss ice hockey player for Montreal Carabins and the Swiss national team.
It is based on the play" The Man in Possession" by H. M. Harwood which had previously been made into a film" The Man in Possession" by MGM.
The Seekers, or the Touhou Project song.
The series consisted of four films, all starring Ronald Reagan as Lieutenant "Brass" Bancroft of the U.S. Secret Service and Eddie Foy, Jr. as his sidekick "Gabby."
He has also scored stage productions, namely  (2008), "Dr Dee" (2012) and "Wonder.land" (2016).
Principal photography began in October 1995 and concluded on February 13, 1996.
The film stars Dennis O'Keefe, Helen Walker, Scotty Beckett, Fuzzy Knight, Milburn Stone and Tom Powers.
The Abductors is a 1957 American film noir crime film directed by Andrew McLaglen and starring Victor McLaglen, George Macready and Gavin Muir.
He was under contract with MZT Skopje until 2014.
Notable people with the surname include:
He also served as assistant secretary of State for American Republic Affairs for Presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and Harry S. Truman (1944–1945) as well as under secretary of Health, Education and Welfare under Dwight D. Eisenhower from 1953 to 1954.
While many of Kubrick's films were controversial and initially received mixed reviews upon release—particularly "A Clockwork Orange" (1971), which Kubrick pulled from circulation in the UK following a mass media frenzy—most were nominated for Oscars, Golden Globes, or BAFTA Awards, and underwent critical reevaluations.
He directed 96 films between 1912 and 1927.
Since 2015, the company began to offer safelink mobile re-certification procedures.
A graduate of Harvard University, at age 21, Van Rensselaer took control of Rensselaerswyck, his family's manor.
He was the first Count of Monzón, probably from before 939, certainly by 943, and he was Count of Castile in 943–45 in opposition to the deposed Fernán González.
Born in London, he was the son of Peter Burrell and his wife Amy Raymond, daughter of Hugh Raymond.
The film premiered on December 11, 2014, at New York City's Ziegfeld Theater and was released in the United States on December 19, 2014.
The British explorer James Bruce, who wrote one of the earliest European histories of Abyssinia, reports little more than Andreyas was buried with his father at the Tadbaba Maryam monastery.
The Canalul Morilor is a canal in the lowland area south of the river Crișul Alb in Arad County, western Romania.
All data attest to the fact that Bibikov connected the bright military and administrative abilities, large diplomatic time with the independence of persuasions and the incorruptible honesty.
The two brothers were transported to Western Australia on board the" Norwood", which arrived at Fremantle in July 1867.
Pablo Tusset( born 1965) is a Spanish writer.
Sometimes referred as" Shaolin Hercules," he is renowned for playing the strongest personality in the movies but being the first one to be killed.
Brother Rat and a Baby is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Ray Enright and written by John Cherry Monks, Jr. and Fred F. Finklehoffe.
" J. Edgar" opened the AFI Fest 2011 in Los Angeles on November 3, 2011, and had its limited release on November 9, 2011 followed by wide release on November 11.
He has now recorded six studio albums.
He was a member of the gentlemen's club SK Fram since 1890, and was proclaimed a lifetime member in 1964.
He was the father of Charles I of Austria, the last Emperor of Austria.
He was the editor of hymnals" Písně chval BožskýchSongs of Divine Worship", 1572) and" Nešpor česk ý Czech Vesper", 1576).
He was born in Coimbra, and he was an Infante of Portugal as the fourth son of King Sancho I of Portugal and Dulce of Aragon.
Dodo was a benefactor of the abbey of Saint- Hubert to which he donated the priory of St Michael.
He directed 29 films between 1934 and 1977.
I led to his brother's abdication and most of the royal family, including Andrew, was exiled.
The Trouble with Cali is an American drama film directed by Paul Sorvino and written by his daughter Amanda Sorvino.
He married Mechtild, daughter of Frederick III, Count of Vlanden.
He was a claimant to the Crown of Aragon in the succession crisis that followed the death of Martin of Aragon with no children.
The film is a remake of a 1920 Goldwyn Pictures film with the same title starring Jack Pickford, also lost.
She has Spotify listeners from across the United States, and has received accolades from Billboard, Seventeen Magazine, J- 14, Twist, and Teen Vogue.
He was the second son of Frederick I, Duke of Chojnów- Oława- Legnica- Brzeg- Lubin, by his wife Ludmila, daughter of George of Poděbrady, King of Bohemia.
" Krrish" was nominated for eight Filmfare Awards, including Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor for Roshan, and Best Supporting Actress for Rekha, winning three, including Best Special Effects.
Sonic Powered Co., Ltd. is a Japanese software development company located in Nagoya, Aichi prefecture.
Frederick of Lorraine (1371 – October 25, 1415 in the battle of Agincourt) was a Count of Vaudémont.
Due to these variations in the water level in the basin, the surrounding shelf and associated aprons have sometimes been dry land.
When the "servientes regis", or "royal servants", rose up, Andrew was forced to issue the Golden Bull of 1222, confirming their privileges.
(By 907, Zhu himself took over the throne, ending Tang and starting a new Later Liang.)
Cranfield married Lady Anne Bourchier, daughter of Edward Bourchier, 4th Earl of Bath.
The Castle of Fu Manchu( also known as The Torture Chamber of Dr. Fu Manchu and also known by its German title Die Folterkammer des Dr. Fu Man Chu) is a 1969 film and the fifth and final Dr. Fu Manchu film with Christopher Lee portraying the title character.
She is the wife of Prince Gundakar of Liechtenstein, a great- grandson of Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein.
Talala Junction railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India.
His goal was to convince government authorities that the LP was inherently not a violent organization, during a time when many political groups were using terroristic tactics.
A Girl from Hunan( also known as Girl from Hunan) is a 1986 Chinese drama film directed by Xie Fei and U Lan.
A Cruel Romance is a 1984 Russian romantic drama directed by Eldar Ryazanov.
Nero's rule is usually associated with tyranny and extravagance.
William Graham, 2nd Duke of Montrose (27 August 1712 – 23 September 1790) was the son of James Graham, 1st Duke of Montrose, and his wife, Christian Carnegie.
When Dolores heard the music, she took her eyebrow pencil out of her pocket, rapidly scribbled a few lines on a paper napkin, and showed them to Jobim.
Mao Zedong's government claims, that in 1970, under his father Lin Biao's direction, Lin Liguo made a plan known as Project 571 to assassinate Mao Zedong in Shanghai, but Mao was alerted to it and left Shanghai one day ahead of schedule and changed return route back to Beijing.
K-9: P.I. is a 2002 action comedy film, directed by Richard J. Lewis and starring James Belushi.
He was the son of the Flemish painter and miniaturist Joris Hoefnagel (1545–1600) who was a court painter to the dukes of Bavaria and Emperor Rudolf II in Prague.
He was born in Kristiania as a son of Nils August Andresen Butenschøn and Hanna Butenschøn, and grandson of Nicolay Andresen.
Many critics have attempted to analyze the film's themes and its use of 3D.
"Wowza" , according to Villame when the issue was not approved.
His home at Childwickbury Manor in Hertfordshire, which he shared with his wife Christiane, became his workplace, where he did his writing, research, editing, and management of production details.
The vestments are not known to have survived.
Don Diego de Benavides de La Cueva y Bazán, 1st Marquis of Solera and 8th Count of Santisteban del Puerto (sometimes "Don Diego Benavides y de la Cueva, conde de Santisteban del Puerto")
He remains a popular and critically praised recording artist and concert performer in the 2010s.
After the Hungarian troops occupied the western Galician territories, Leszek made an alliance with Mstislav Mstislavich, Prince of Novgorod.
He was ambassador to several countries, and also served as a senator in the Governing Senate.
His daughter Edith married George Lawson Johnston, 1st Baron Luke.
Diary of a Hitman is a 1992 American crime drama film directed by Roy London and written by Kenneth Pressman, based on his play" Insider's Price".
Bernhardt made films in Germany from 1925 until 1933, when he was forced to flee the Nazi regime — who briefly had him arrested — because he was Jewish.
Chamberlain resigned from Gladstone's Third Government in 1886 in opposition to Irish Home Rule.
Io piaccio( also known as" La via del successo ... con le donne") is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.
Sobe, also known as Sovin, was the mother of St. Elizabeth and sister of St. Anne.
He sold Abbeyleix Castle, saddled with £ 1.5 million in death duties, in 1994 to the financier Sir David Davies.
He was captured by forces at Loch Ryan, Galloway, Scotland and later executed by the English.
Since spring 2017, Foxx has served as the host and executive producer of the Fox game show "Beat Shazam".
He achieved success both in television and cinema.
In 2017, he debuted the Netflix series" Bill Nye Saves the World".
Best known for his comedy films, Priyadrshan has also experimented with some action, thriller and period films.
Sophie was born at the villa Mon Repos on the island of Corfu in Greece.
He was nicknamed" The Red Princeder rote Prinz").
Geoff Stafford( born 17 March 1945) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League( VFL).
On 20 December 1886, he renounced his rights to the throne in favor of his brother Ferdinand.
For his valuable diplomatic services in the negotiation of the 1659 Peace of the Pyrenees and the subsequent marriage of Princess Maria Teresa of Austria with Louis XIV of France, King Philip IV made him Marquis de Solera.
The film was widely acclaimed.
Juan Tamariz- Martel Negrón( born 18 October 1942, Madrid) known professionally as Juan Tamariz or just Tamariz, is a Spanish magician.
La Cueva de Ali-Babá is a 1954 Argentine film.
Luis Vicentini( March 24, 1902- February 9, 1938) was a Chilean boxer.
Out is the third studio album by the American rock band Sleater- Kinney, released on April 8, 1997, by Kill Rock Stars.
His paintings tell a personal story, and many feature images of his grandmother.
Bedtime with Rosie is a 1974 British comedy- drama film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Una Stubbs, Ivor Burgoyne and Diana Dors.
Best Writing in a Drama Series (Raymond, Fournier, Cournot) and Best Actor in a Drama Series (Forget).
After John I died childless in 1300, Frederick IV ruled alone.
M Train or M- Train may refer to:
Pauline Bennett, who also goes by the stage name of Jazzi P, is a British DJ, dance teacher and rapper from Wolverhampton.
The film, produced by S. K. Krishnakanth, had musical score by A. R. Reihana and was released on 25 June 2004.
At the time of his death, Maria was the only living grandchild of Queen Isabella; this allowed her to claim the throne of Jerusalem on the basis of proximity in blood to the Kings of Jerusalem.
Return of the Jedi is a film in the" Star Wars" saga.
It was released in the United States on November 9, 2018, by Paramount Pictures.
This was to be the last time the emperor had any power until the Meiji Restoration in 1868.
He served as Deputy Lieutenant for Kincardineshire.
The station consists of a center island platform between the line's two tracks, with handicapped-accessible ramps to Blue Hill Avenue and Cummins Highway.
Its cover also generated controversy for placing an image of activist Malcolm X, next to the derogatory term "nigga".
The magazine was based in Bournemouth.
Henry was a great-grandson of Henry Grey, 4th Earl of Kent, another son of the 2nd Earl.
William Lamb, or William Paniter alias Lamb,( c. 1493- 1550) was a Scottish cleric, lawyer, and author.
The canal acquires water from the Rio Grande from the American Diversion Dam at the Texas – New Mexico – Mexico border, 2 miles northwest of El Paso.
Apollonius was a freedman of Publius Licinius Crassus in ancient Rome in the 1st century BCE.
A prominent local leader, he served in numerous Plymouth town offices, and was elected to terms in both the Vermont House of Representatives and Vermont State Senate.
He was the eldest son of Beauchamp St John, 17th Baron St John of Bletso, and his wife Helen Thornton.
She competed for East Germany in the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, Russia in the 1500 metres where she won the Silver medal.
Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark (– 3 December 1944) of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg, was the seventh child and fourth son of King George I of Greece and Olga Constantinovna of Russia.
Urian Brereton was a Groom of the Privy Chamber to King Henry VIII.
It was later remade in Japanese for Expo'70 in Japan.
Later films include "Kvinnens plass" (1956), "Det store varpet" (1960), "Tonny" (1962), "Elskere" (1963), "Broder Gabrielsen" (1966), and "Min Marion" (1975).
He died unmarried, at which time the Earldom of Castlehaven and two of its subsidiary titles( Baron Audley of Orier and Baron Audley of Hely) became extinct as the Irish earldom and baronies were entailed honours.
The Girl from the Islands or Maibritt, the Girl from the Islands is a 1964 West German- Swedish comedy film directed by Bostjan Hladnik and starring Jane Axell, Gunnar Moller and Karl Schönböck.
The Christine Keeler Story is a 1963 film about the Profumo affair.
Princess Auguste of Bavaria( 28 April 1877 – 25 June 1964) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and the spouse of Archduke Joseph August of Austria.
Ric Young( born 1944) is a British character actor.
Raised in Leytonstone, East London, and around Colchester, Essex, Albarn attended the Stanway School, where he met guitarist Graham Coxon and formed Blur, which released its debut album "Leisure" in 1991.
It received three BAFTA Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, and the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture.
The first Blue Train operated between İstanbul and Ankara, entering service in 1979.
Although the song became very popular and got Filmfare awards, the song was planned to be removed from the film.
Margery( Margaret) le Despencer, de jure suo jure 3rd Baroness le Despenser( 1387 creation), was the daughter and heiress of Philip le Despencer, 2nd Baron le Despencer.
Some of his movies are also among the highest- grossing movies of all- time, while his total work makes him the highest- grossing film director in history.
She was a daughter of Kęstutis, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and his second wife Birutė.
John became Earl of Huntingdon in 1219 on the death of his father.
He made an alliance with the states of Han, Zhao, Yan and Chu against the state of Qin.
The original title was "Barash".
Born a Duchess in Bavaria, she belongs to the House of Wittelsbach.
He is the great grandfather of Payton Hoeing
With a total of 19 songs topping the "Billboard" Hot 100, Carey holds the record for the most number-one singles by a solo artist, a female songwriter, and a female producer.
In January 2017 he was named as President of the Jury for the 2017 Cannes Film Festival.
According to historian László Kontler, "[i]t was amidst the socio-political turmoil during [Andrew's] reign that the relations, arrangements, institutional framework and social categories that arose under Stephen I, started to disintegrate in the higher echelons of society" in Hungary.
In 836, a new capital was established at Samarra to symbolize this new regime and remove it from the restive populace of Baghdad.
He has directed works such as the crime film" Mean Streets"( 1973), the vigilante- thriller" Taxi Driver"( 1976), the biographical sports drama" Raging Bull"( 1980), the black comedies" The King of Comedy"( 1983) and" After Hours"( 1985), the religious epic" The Last Temptation of Christ"( 1988), the crime film" Goodfellas"( 1990), the psychological thriller" Cape Fear"( 1991), the historical romantic drama" The Age of Innocence"( 1993) and the crime epics" Casino"( 1995) and" The Irishman"( 2019), most of which he collaborated on with actor and close friend Robert De Niro.
Ray was born in Calcutta into a Bengali family which was prominent in the field of arts and literature.
He was formally invested by King Henry III as Earl of Chester on 21 November 1232.
Collège Pierre- Elliott- Trudeau is part of River East Transcona School Division in Winnipeg, Manitoba.
All three albums received critical acclaim while Blur gained mass popularity in the UK, aided by a Britpop rivalry with Oasis.
She is best known for her role in the 1990 film" Tremors".
Larry Blank is a composer, arranger, orchestrator and conductor who has worked in theatre, films, television and concerts.
, "Wild Strawberries" (1957), "Persona" (1966), "Cries and Whispers" (1972),
The Arab and Iranian elites that had played a major role in the early period of the Abbasid state were increasingly marginalized, and an abortive conspiracy against al-Mu'tasim in favour of al-Abbas in 838 resulted in a widespread purge of their ranks.
He was caught by Pakistan Army on August 29, 1971 and martyred.
In 306 BC, after the death of King Wu of Qin, the alliance with Qin broke down, and Qin invaded, attacking and occupying the city of Puban.
Reclaim your Brain is a 2007 German film directed by Hans Weingartner.
The civil war continued but its final outcome is uncertain due to the contradictions between different ancient historians' accounts.
Pierre Montazel (5 March 1911 - 8 September 1975) was a French cinematographer and screenwriter.
Richard Oswald (5 November 1880 – 11 September 1963) was an Austrian director, producer, and screenwriter.
Dulce did not live long after the birth of her last two daughters, Branca and Berengaria, probably twins, and died in 1198 probably succumbing to the plague and weakened by the successive childbirths.
Robert de Ferrers, 4th Baron Ferrers of Chartley died sometime around 1413 and is buried at Merevale Abbey in Warwickshire.
The Smell of Us is a 2014 French drama film directed by Larry Clark.
Vladimir Pogačić( 23 September 1919 – 13 September 1999) was a Yugoslav film director.
King Vidor and Victor Sjöström before becoming a screenwriter at MGM in 1924.
A Couch in New York( French title" Un divan à New York") is a 1996 film about an anonymous exchange of apartments between a successful New York psychoanalyst and a young woman from Paris.
A legend tells that in the 1140s, Robert II was visited at Annan by St Malachy.
He was shot and killed in the archway of his Manhattan apartment building three weeks after the album's release.
He received the Golden Lion Award for Lifetime Achievement at the 2016 Venice Film Festival.
José of Braganza, Archbishop of Braga
John Ince, also known as John E. Ince,( August 29, 1878 – April 10, 1947) was an American stage and motion pictures actor, a film director, and the eldest brother of Thomas H. Ince and Ralph Ince.
Sheikh Hamad died eight years later and Sheikh Abdullah assumed office once again until 1949, when he stepped down from office in favour for his eldest son, Sheikh Ali bin Abdullah Al Thani.
James or Jim Russell may refer to:
Lamman Rucker( born October 6, 1971) is an American actor.
and Any Dream Will Do while Creative Head and Executive Producer at BBC Entertainment between 2003 and 2007.
Una prostituta al servizio del pubblico e in regola con le leggi dello stato( literally" A prostitute serving the public and complying with the laws of the state", also known as" Prostitution Italian Style") is a 1970 Italian comedy- drama film written and directed by Italo Zingarelli.
He is a former bassist for metal bands Prong, Soulfly, and Possessed.
The album was nominated for Best Jazz Album at the ARIA Music Awards of 2015.
He was the son of Count John V of Nassau- Dillenburg and Elisabeth of Hesse- Marburg.
The film's art direction was by Hans Jacoby.
However, the "Chronicum Scotorum" mentions the death of Muirchertach Nár mac Guairi (died 668) as king of Connacht in 668.
The magazine was a full colour glossy publication and four issues were released.
He died in 1520.
He emigrated to South Africa in 1957 where he joined Syfret's Trust Company in Cape Town.
Last Days of Boot Hill is a 1947 American Western film directed by Ray Nazarro and written by Norman S. Hall.
Khalid al- Habib also believed to use the nom de guerre Khalid al Harbi is an Al- Qaeda leader who has overseen Al- Qaeda operations in Afghanistan.
Ah Um".
Margaret of Burgundy( 1290 – 30 April 1315) was Queen of France and Navarre as the first wife of Louis X of France( and Louis I of Navarre).
Thomas Hübner( born April 9, 1980), better known by his stage name Clueso, is a German singer, rapper, songwriter, and producer.
It is based on the novel" Warm Bodies" by Donald R. Morris.
The following year, his film" Le Petit Criminel" won an Honourable Mention at the 41st Berlin International Film Festival.
In their place, he was to appoint his son as heir- apparent.
He pushed for compromise in the partition of Oregon Country with the British and supported the 1846 Oregon Treaty, which divided the territory along the 49th parallel.
He is best known today for composing" Goce"( 1954), the first opera in the Macedonian language, which was commissioned for the inaugural performance of the Macedonian National Opera Company.
To punish Chu for its betrayal of the 5-state alliance, King Xiang sent an army in 312 BC to attack the city of Dengcheng in Chu (modern-day part of Shangshui County, Zhoukou, Henan Province).
(O.S. 3 July) 1895 – 26 February 1970) was the only daughter and eldest child of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia.
With the outbreak of World War II and the non-aggression pact the Soviet Union had signed with Germany in 1939, the owners of KFVD radio were not comfortable with Guthrie's political leanings.
He was president of the Canadian Writers' Foundation from 1978 to 2001 and was Honorary President thereafter.
He worked i. a. in Přerov and Starý Jičín.
In February 1865, Confederate President Jefferson Davis appointed him Secretary of War.
Muza Niyazova née Melnikova is a Turkmen public figure who served as the First Lady of Turkmenistan from 1991 until 2006.
When William began his rebellion against Philip II of Spain she supported her son morally and financially.
Along with teammates Robert Ouko, Charles Asati and Munyoro Nyamau
He competed in two events at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
His maternal first cousins included (among others)
He represented for New South Wales and Australia.
She competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in the women's double sculls.
Crichton-Stuart died in September 1859, aged 65.
He was the second son of Federico II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua and Margaret Palaeologina of Montferrat.
The Return of Jack Slade is a 1955 American western film directed by Harold D. Schuster.
He also served as a member of the jury of the BigScreen Italia Film Festival 2006, held in Kunming, Yunnan, China.
James Stuart, 4th Earl of Moray( c. 1611 – 4 March 1653) was the son of James Stuart, 3rd Earl of Moray and Lady Anne Gordon.
Iván Álvarez( born 20 January 1980 in Curicó) is a former Chilean football forward.
Brother Rat is a 1938 American comedy drama film about cadets at Virginia Military Institute in Lexington, Virginia, directed by William Keighley, and starring president- to- be Ronald Reagan, Priscilla Lane, Eddie Albert( in his film debut), Jane Wyman, and Wayne Morris.
He is credited for helping redefine R&B and hip hop, earning the nicknames "King of R&B" and "King of Pop-Soul".
Nov. 1437, and was buried in a chapel at St. Katherine by the Tower, London by her brother, John Holland, Duke of Exeter.
Already at the time of his marriage, he had illegitimate children, Giannettino and Nicholas, by an anonymous woman.
Thomas Cobb is an American novelist and author of the 1987 novel" Crazy Heart" which was adapted into the 2010 Academy Award winning 2009 film" Crazy Heart".
At the time of his death, Golan had produced over 200 films, directed 44, and won 8 "Violin David Awards" as well as "The Israel Prize" in Cinema.
At the last moment Bruce manoeuvred his mount nimbly to one side, stood up in his stirrups and hit de Bohun so hard with his axe that he split his helmet and head in two.
The film was R-rated for its sexual content, drug use, and profanity.
He was born in Long Beach, California and died in Arcadia, California.
He was appointed High Sheriff of Caernarvonshire for 1929.
It is also notable for an appearance of Letta Mbulu's singing" Nonqonqo" with an African choir, written by Miriam Makeba.
His stepson built the beautiful and historic Jacob H. Bair House on what been a corner of Grubb's farm.
He fought key legal battles that opened American culture to 20th century art movements, including his Congressional appeals to overturn the Payne – Aldrich Tariff Act.
Time Regained is a 1999 French drama film directed by the Chilean filmmaker Raúl Ruiz.
David Frederick Williams( born 21 September 1951) was the Chief Executive of the UK Space Agency.
In 1927, he authored a biography of Browning.
Alexander is the eldest son of Karl Friedrich, Prince of Hohenzollern and Countess Alexandra Schenck von Stauffenberg, who divorced in 2010.
She is commonly called the Countess of Albany.
He served as Ambassador to Kenya, Ethiopia and Uganda with residence in Nairobi from 1982 to 1988.
Jan Tomáš" Miloš" Forman( 18 February 1932 – 13 April 2018) was a Czech- American film director, screenwriter, actor, and professor who rose to fame in his native Czechoslovakia before emigrating to the United States 1968.
He enjoyed a long career in the film industry from the early 1930s until the early 1980s.
Hutchinson also made a small cameo in the classic New Zealand film as a dairy farmer.
and I Wore a Big Red Rose" (1914, lyrics by Jack Mahoney) and "Minnetonka" (1921, lyrics by Gus Kahn).
In recognition of his work, he was presented with the inaugural Honorary Palme d' Or Award at the opening ceremony of the 2011 Cannes Film Festival.
He produced and directed his last Hollywood picture," Kisses for My President"( 1964), about the nation's first female Chief Executive starring Polly Bergen and Fred MacMurray.
This film has won the best documentary award at the 12th Marbella International Film Festival in Spain.
Sydney Frederick Williams( 17 November 1896 – 12 May 1942) was a British Army Brigadier General.
(Vienna, 25 February 1802 – Vienna, 31 March 1887) was a son of Johann
She is Mary A. and William Wirt Warren Professor of Computer Science at Williams College, and co- chair of the Committee on Widening Participation in Computing Research of the Computing Research Association.
In 1958 he won the Vuelta a Andalucía.
Sibley later wrote the book, "Shadowlands: The True Story of C. S. Lewis and Joy Davidman".
He is married to the cultural critic and sociologist Breda Luthar.
(née Princess Dagmar of Denmark) and the sister of Emperor Nicholas II.
He is an alumnus of Bridgewater College and Cornell University, where he earned his Ph.D. in 1974 and was a Postdoctoral Associate at Duke University.
He released his second album, "Dreams Worth More Than Money", in 2015 and his third album, "Wins & Losses", in 2016.
Thomas Scott( 1907- date of death unknown) was an English diver.
His younger brother was William I, Count of Nassau- Dillenburg( the father of William the Silent).
Korda broke from his previous practice of adapting literary works, to direct an original screenplay.
Years later after World War Two broke out, Nelson played an important role in the nine national Victory Loan Drives (1941-1945).
Prithvipati Shah( ?–1716) was the king of the Gorkha Kingdom in the Indian subcontinent, present- day Nepal.
Following Lin's death, he was officially condemned as a traitor by the Communist Party.
Fatal Lady is a 1936 film.
Mason directed 16 films (from thrillers to comedies), moved into producing for the rest of his career and authored some plays with his wife Daisy Fisher, a novelist and playwright also with a background in theatre.
Andrew Allen( born 6 May 1981) is a Canadian- born singer- songwriter from Vernon, British Columbia.
It was directed by S. S. Wilson, and stars Fred Ward, Christopher Gartin, Michael Gross, and Helen Shaver.
He is a member of Mensa.
The first release with Yow fully involved came with the 2007 single "Today, GestationFreeze".
His films are noted for the distinct influence of Renaissance and Baroque painting, and Flemish painting in particular.
Later she had an affair, at Augustus' encouragement, with the painter Henry Lamb.
Afterwards, she starred in several more successful operettas and musicals, including" The Dollar Princess"( 1909)," A Waltz Dream"( 1911) and" The Count of Luxembourg"( 1911).
In a career spanning over three decades, he has directed more than 95 films in various Indian languages, predominantly in Malayalam and Hindi, while also having done six films in Tamil and two in Telugu.
Troublesome Night 6 is a 1999 Hong Kong horror comedy film produced by Nam Yin and directed by Herman Yau.
Cruickshanks is the father of Jamie Dundee and the father- in- law of wrestler Bobby Eaton.
The daughter of actor and comedian Jackie Gleason, Miller began working professionally as a child, later appearing on Broadway in a production of "Black Picture Show" (1975), for which she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Supporting Actress.
He joined the North American Negro Theatre landing his breakthrough film role in 1950 as an incorrigible high school student in" Blackboard Jungle"( 1955).
Peque Gallaga( born Maurice Ruiz de Luzuriaga Gallaga on August 25, 1943) is a multi-awarded Filipino film- maker.
Produced by ABC Pictures, "The Touch" was Bergman's first English language film, but shot on the island of Gotland in Sweden in 1970.
The aura stage precedes a generalized or grand mal seizure in epilepsy, as the side- effects of a focal seizure( s) or petit mal( s) which may or may not be followed by a generalized or grand mal seizure or seizures, but can happen at any stage of a migraine.
His 1999 film "Návrat idiota" won him the São Paulo International Film Festival International Jury Award.
Lapidoth is also a Hebrew male given name.
Artaynte( f. 478 BC), was the wife of the Crown Prince Darius.
North of the Rio Grande is a lost 1922 American silent western film directed by Rollin S. Sturgeon and starring Bebe Daniels and Jack Holt.
It was released in a shortened version in the US as Man About Town( see below).
The Lemon Grove Kids Meet The Monsters".
In 2008, "The Daily Telegraph" ranked Albarn number 18 in their list of the "100 most powerful people in British culture".
Anacyndaraxes was the father of Sardanapalus, king of Assyria.
Escape to Paradise is a 1939 American film directed by Erle C. Kenton.
Battle of the Nations may also refer to:
Countess Karoline Ernestine of Erbach- Schönberg, born 20 August 1727( 20 July, according to other sources) at Gedern, Oberhessen, Hesse- Darmstadt, in the then Holy Roman Empire, was a daughter of George August, Count of Erbach- Schönberg, and Ferdinande Henriette, Countess of Stolberg- Gedern.
Westview Junior-Senior High School is a middle school and public high school located in Topeka, Indiana.
Anthony( born October 28, 1996) is an American actress.
Owing to her popularity she was dubbed "The Movie-Fan Princess".
She is best remembered for founding and publishing the" Women's Suffrage Journal" between 1870 and 1890.
He's also known for the Swedish translation of the radio series and the first four novels in The Hitchhiker's Guide series.
Since 2010, she has worked extensively with Radiohead's Philip Selway, including on his 2014 album release" Weatherhouse" and on the acclaimed score for Rambert's Merce Cunningham" Event" in 2014.
So Many Dreams is a 1986 East German drama film directed by Heiner Carow.
The granddaughter of the Polish king John III Sobieski, she was the mother of Charles Edward Stuart and of Cardinal Henry Benedict Stuart.
Grage qualified for the World Championships Single Distances in 2008 in Nagano, where she placed 14th on the 5,000 m and 20th on the 3,000 m- and in 2011 in Inzell where she placed 16th in the 5,000 m and 19th in the 3,000 m.
( Tamil: அம்மன் கோவில் வாசலிலே) is a 1996 Indian Tamil film, directed by Ramarajan and produced by S. Rajaram.
Zhaozong was the seventh son of Emperor Yizong of Tang and younger brother of Emperor Xizong of Tang.
Unable to ride or walk, he fought the next two battles, at Borisov and Berezina, from a sleigh, and when his horses were killed at Berezina, he leant against one of his adjutants.
Robert was buried at Gisborough Priory in the North Riding, Yorkshire, England, a monastery founded by his father Robert I de Brus.
Tell It to the Bees is 2018 British drama film directed by Annabel Jankel and starring Anna Paquin and Holliday Grainger.
Charles Marie Louis Joseph Sarrabezolles( December 27, 1888 – February 11, 1971), also known as" Carlo Sarrabezolles"( or Charles or Charles- Marie), was a French sculptor.
Matthew" Matt" Cvetic( March 4, 1909 – July 26, 1962) was a Pittsburgh native who was a spy and informant working for the Federal Bureau of Investigation inside the Communist Party of the United States( CPUSA) during the 1940s.
She was Duchess of Guelders and Jülich by her marriage to William I of Guelders and Jülich.
After a short-lived Labour-led government, he returned as Minister of Health, introducing a range of reform measures from 1924 to 1929.
A New York cellist, inspired by both the original photograph and the film, assembled chamber musicians for" A Great Day in New York.
He continued to lead Turkmenistan for 15 years after independence from the Soviet Union in 1991.
Released to the cinemas in the USA on May 23, 1984, the film was followed by" Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" in 1989.
The son of a respectable industrialist leads a wild second life.
Jasmine Jessica
I Want Your
Denman Mountain is located east- southeast of Blue Hill.
The film was produced, written, and directed by Tom Graeff and stars David Love, Dawn Bender, Bryan Grant, Harvey B. Dunn, Tom Graeff, and King Moody.
The soundtrack was composed by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke.
It is the third single off their debut album" Fantastic".
Julia McNair Wright( May 1, 1840 – September 2, 1903) was a popular American domestic writer.
In 2013, Sterlacci launched" University of Fashion", an online library of fashion design videos.
Pedro Bromfman( born 20 January 1976) is a Brazilian musician, film composer and music producer.
Hunted Men( German: Gehetzte Menschen) is a 1924 German silent film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Lucy Doraine, Johannes Riemann and Hans Albers.
Le droit à la vie is a 1917 silent French film directed by Abel Gance.
She was very influenced by her husband Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi or Mahatma Gandhi.
Egoyan's most critically acclaimed film is the drama" The Sweet Hereafter"( 1997), for which he received two Academy Award nominations, and his biggest commercial success is the erotic thriller" Chloe"( 2009).
This version had however been radically re-edited by Soviet censors in the 1920s, making the film a searing critique of post-war Britain, including its relations with Ireland, which achieved Dominion status in the year the film was first shown.
Margaret Wake," suo jure" 3rd Baroness Wake of Liddell and Countess of Kent( c. 1297 – 19 September 1349) was the wife of Edmund of Woodstock, 1st Earl of Kent, the youngest surviving son of Edward I of England and Margaret of France.
The film has won 5 awards, as well as 2 other nominations upon its initial release.
In 2007, his Tamil film "Kanchivaram" won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film.
Associated mostly with parody comedies, Zucker is recognized as the director and writer of the critically successful 1980 film" Airplane!" as well as being the creator of" The Naked Gun" franchise and for directing" Scary Movie 3" and" Scary Movie 4".
Korda produced many outstanding classics of the British film industry, including "The Private Life of Henry VIIIRembrandtThings To ComeThe Thief of Baghdad" and "The Third Man".
The Cracăul Negru is a river in Neamț County, Romania.
He worked with John Swor and later George Moran as the Two Black Crows.
The Abduction Club is a 2002 Anglo Irish romantic comedy- drama adventure film directed by Stefan Schwartz.
Edgar Campbell Wilson (October 18, 1800 – April 24, 1860) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia, son of Thomas Wilson and father of Eugene McLanahan Wilson.
He died aged 63 at Regent Street, London, England.
She had Tonantius Ferreolus and other sons.
Despite never becoming Prime Minister, he was one of the most important British politicians of his day, as well as a renowned orator and municipal reformer.
On 14 May, during the parliament discussion about the motion of confidence to Berlusconi IV Cabinet, he announced to vote the confidence to the cabinet, leaving the project of the White Rose.
" When I Was a Bachelor" is an English nursery rhyme.
Because of the shallowness of both rivers, it was difficult for ships of any significant draught to move up river and load with coal from the place where the coal reached the riverside.
( 2 August 1758- 18 December 1805) was a British peer.
Although he aborted his university studies, he became a prolific and erudite author and wrote numerous books and scholarly articles about subjects including human behaviour, travel, falconry, fencing, sexual practices and ethnography.
Brigadier Arthur Valerian Wellesley, 8th Duke of Wellington, (2 July 1915 – 31 December 2014), styled Marquess of Douro between 1943 and 1972, was a senior British peer and a brigadier in the British Army.
He directed 21 films between 1941 and 1974.
Giorgi Shengelaia( born 11 May 1937) is a Georgian and Soviet film director.
Melodies of a White Night is a 1976 romantic drama directed by Sergei Solovyov.
It was released on 7 September 2012 on Flightless.
He is also the author of Streampunks: YouTube and the Rebels Remaking Media.
Donnie Elbert( May 25, 1936 – January 26, 1989) was an American soul singer and songwriter, who had a prolific career from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s.
In 2000 at the age of 92, he dropped the puck at the start of the 100th annual Oxford vs Cambridge Ice Hockey game.
Maud of Gloucester, Countess of Chester (died 29 July 1189), also known as Matilda, was an Anglo-Norman noblewoman and the daughter of Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester, an illegitimate son of King Henry I of England and Mabel, daughter of Robert fitz Hamon.
In 2002 Poitier was chosen to receive an Academy Honorary Award, in recognition of his" remarkable accomplishments as an artist and as a human being".
The Barony of Audley created by writ of 1312 is deemed to have devolved upon his nephew, namely George Thicknesse( later Thicknesse- Touchet).
As it turned out, Frank Sinatra recorded the song with Jobim in 1969, under the title "Don't Ever Go Away (Por Causa de Você), which appeared on his album "Sinatra & Company" (1971).
Henry I of Nassau- Siegen,( – between 13 July and 14 August 1343) was Count of Nassau- Siegen, a part of the County of Nassau, and ancestor of the House of Nassau- Siegen.
In 1965 his album "Getz/Gilberto" was the first jazz album to win the Grammy Award for Album of the Year.
Francis was the son of Guglielma Pallavicini and her husband Nicholas, the first Zorzi lord of Bodonitsa.
Previously," Help Me" was recorded by:
Eleanor of Aragon, Countess of Tolouse( 1182–1226) was a daughter of King Alfonso II of Aragon and Sancha of Castile, Queen of Aragon.
Bernardo Bertolucci( 16 March 1941 – 26 November 2018) was an Italian director and screenwriter, whose films include" The ConformistLast Tango in Paris 1900 The Last Emperor"( for which he won the Academy Award for Best Director and the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay)," The Sheltering SkyLittle BuddhaStealing Beauty" and" The Dreamers."
If so, he was already a count by that time.
As the" nisba" in his name suggests, he was a Khazar by origin, and is said to have been a slave working in the kitchen of Sallam al- Abrash al- Khadim —whence his nickname" al- Tabbakhthe cook" — before he was purchased as a" ghulām" by al- Mu'tasim in 815.
The former campus of Little Rock Junior College is now( 2019) the campus of Philander Smith College.
Home Is the Sailor may refer to:
It was later revived for a grandson, another William Herbert, the son of Black William's illegitimate son, Sir Richard Herbert of Ewyas.
The film features an ensemble cast, starring Jack Nicholson, Aaron Eckhart, Helen Mirren, Robin Wright Penn, Vanessa Redgrave, Sam Shepard, Mickey Rourke, and Benicio del Toro.
He was the son of Margrave Albert Frederick of Brandenburg- Schwedt and his wife Maria Dorothea of Courland( 1684- 1743).
After Zee Horror Show, he made a few episodes of Saturday Suspense, X Zone and Nagin for Zee TV.
He married six times.
He was the youngest son of Bernhard III, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his third wife Matilda, daughter of Magnus I, Duke of Brunswick-Göttingen.
Tim McCann (born June 21, 1965) is an American film director and a professor of film at his alma mater, the State University of New York at Purchase.
He is well known for his work in Malayalam cinema of the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, although he directed a few Tamil and Hindi films as well.
In response to some of the more violent sequences in the film, and with similar complaints about" Gremlins", Spielberg suggested that the Motion Picture Association of America( MPAA) alter its rating system, which it did within two months of the film's release, creating a new PG- 13 rating.
Alain Cavalier( born 14 September 1931) is a French film director.
Personal Property is a 1937 American romantic comedy film starring Jean Harlow and Robert Taylor and directed by W.S. Van Dyke.
There were also two lesser conflicts: the War of Devolution and the War of the Reunions.
Chisholm's romantic liaison with George ended when his father, George V, told him to leave the already- married Australian and find someone more suitable.
The Child and the Killer is a British low budget 1959 crime film.
Her offence was a failure to cry out to the Virgin Mary during the rigours of childbirth.
This film is also an entry to the 1992 Metro Manila Film Festival.
Soon after, Carey became the only artist ever to have their first five singles reach number one on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, from "Vision of Love" to "Emotions".
One source believes the legion was probably founded by Mark Antony around 36 BC, when he was governor of Cyrenaica.
His uncle was Sir Merrick Burrell, 1st Baronet and his younger brother Sir William Burrell, 2nd Baronet.
Abe Meyer( 1901 – 1969) was an American composer of film scores.
Seeing's Believing is a 1922 American silent comedy film directed by Harry Beaumont and starring Viola Dana, Allan Forrest, and Gertrude Astor.
From 1997 to 2007, he served as the Bahamian Ambassador to Japan.
The Night of Nights is a 1939 black- and- white drama film written by Donald Ogden Stewart and directed by Lewis Milestone for Paramount Pictures that starred Pat O' Brien, Olympe Bradna, and Roland Young.
In 1452, his maternal grandfather died.
Sterlacci joined the Fashion Institute of Technology as a teacher in 1990, and became the chairwoman of the Fashion department at the institute in 2001.
It was released on 11 September 2015 through Atlantic Records.
Wortham was the nephew of Oscar Browning.
The film follows an 18- year- old girl who rejects her father's desire for her to be a church singer and goes to Hollywood seeking stardom.
It is based on a play of the same name by Jules Romains.
Seward remained in his post through the presidency of Andrew Johnson, during which he negotiated the Alaska Purchase in 1867 and supported Johnson during his impeachment.
He usually directed his own screenplays.
Joan II, Countess of Burgundy( 15 January 1292 – 21 January 1330), was Queen of France by marriage to Philip V of France, and ruling Countess of Burgundy and Countess of Artois.
In 1990, his film" Coming Out" won the Silver Bear for an outstanding artistic contribution at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.
Robin Oliveira( born 1954) is an American author, former literary editor, and nurse, who is most known for her debut novel," My Name is Mary Sutter", published in 2010.
His gravestone is in the floor of the south aisle of the retrochoir at Winchester Cathedral.
She graduated from the University of Vermont in 1902 with a bachelor of arts degree in teaching and joined the Clarke Schools for Hearing and Speech in Northampton, Massachusetts, to teach deaf children to communicate by lip reading, rather than by signing.
The film utilizes practical effects, including rubber suits.
It often manifests as the perception of a strange light, an unpleasant smell, or confusing thoughts or experiences.
She is the widow of former President of Turkmenistan Saparmurat Niyazov, with whom she had two children.
In 2000, he created an educational supply company called Bell, Book& Camera Productions.
He was born in Ynyscynhaearn, Caernarvonshire, the son of a Congregational minister.
Priyadarshan began his career in Malayalam cinema in the early 1980s and was active throughout the 1980s and 1990s.
She acted as regent of Guelders during the absence of her spouse in 1450.
He is the Lasry Family Professor of Race Relations, Professor and Chair of the Sociology Department, and professor of Africana Studies at the University of Pennsylvania.
" Keeper of the Bees"( 1947) is the third film adaption of the novel" The Keeper of the Bees."
Nevertheless, Godfrey took over the government of the Tuscany in right of Beatrice and Matilda.
Other significant discoveries include the experimental observation of Critical Casimir effect and the experimental confirmation of 2D Ising model.
He was released from duty but because of the war was unable to direct films in France.
Her entire life, she kept close to her children, especially William.
The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Armie Hammer, Naomi Watts, Josh Lucas, and Judi Dench.
On the Trail with Miss Snail Pail is a 2009 short documentary film that follows Colleen Flanigan, aka Miss Snail Pail, as she provides a snail removal service that recycles the garden pests into food.
He was the eldest son of Federico II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua and his wife Margaret Paleologina.
Nothing is known of William Chopin's early life, but in 1865 he was a widower with one child, and was working as a clerk.
Drawing influences from hip hop, dub, pop, trip hop, and world music, Gorillaz released their self-titled debut album in 2001 to worldwide success, spawning successful follow-ups "Demon Days" (2005), "Plastic BeachThe Fall" (both released in 2010), "Humanz" (2017), and
Kunju Muhammed was elected twice to the Kerala legislative assembly as a left independent candidate in 1994 and 1996.
It was opened on 5 January 2004 and provides five years of secondary education which culminates in( Form 3 Assessment) examination in Form 3 and( Malaysian Certificate of Education) in Form 5.
His possessions were confiscated, and he was tortured to death.
Lewis R. Foster( August 5, 1898 – June 10, 1974) was an American screenwriter, film/ television director, and film/ television producer.
Padungan National Secondary School , formerly Lumba Kuda National Secondary School , is a co-ed public secondary school situated in Kuching, the capital of the East Malaysia state of Sarawak.
The album came out on November 11, 2014.
Clarke won an award from the Directors Guild of Canada for his work on the film, and he and Sender were together nominated for Outstanding Directing – Documentaries at the 55th Directors Guild of America Awards.
Glen Charles Gordon( March 13, 1914 September 16, 1977) was an American actor.
He married Elizabeth Olive Clothier, daughter of Henry Clothier, on 18 November 1891.
Frederick William, Duke of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel (9 October 1771 – 16 June 1815) was a German prince and Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg and Oels.
In peacetime he concentrated on preparing for the next war.
In 1867, he became Palatine of Hungary after the death of his childless half-brother Stephen, though the post by that time was symbolic only.
Joan is most notable for the claim that miracles have allegedly taken place at her grave, and for the multiple references to her in literature.
She made almost 30 appearances in film between 1937 and 1959.
The Wall Street Crash of 1929 transpired just two days after his swearing in, which would herald the beginning of the Great Depression in Australia.
"I Believe I Can Fly".
When he is not teaching, Janu is making educational materials and films.
Prince Karl Anton of Hohenzollern- Sigmaringen( 1 September 1868 – 21 February 1919) was a member of the Princely House of Hohenzollern- Sigmaringen.
Moffat Sinkala( date of birth unknown, died June 2004) was a Zambian footballer.
Shyer was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, the son of Hattie (Schwarzenberg) and Charles Richard Shyer.
In 2006, after performing a number of shows as a guest vocalist, David Yow (ex-Scratch Acid, The Jesus Lizard) joined the band as vocalist, and features on the 2007 album "Love's Miracle", released on Mike Patton's label Ipecac Recordings.
Jadson Viera Castro or simply Jadson( born 4 August 1981) is an Uruguayan retired football defender born in Brazil and current football coach.
Abdullah bin Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani(" Abdullah bin Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani"), also known as Sheikh Abdullah bin Jassim Al Thani or Sheikh Abdullah bin Qassim Al Thani, was the Emir of Qatar.
He also served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Carnarvon from 1826 to 1830 (succeeding his uncle Sir Charles Paget) and Andover from 1841 to 1847.
Marquess Wu of Wei died in 370 BCE and was succeeded by his son King Hui of Wei.
She was the daughter of Henry Drax and his wife, the former Elizabeth Ernle.
He is a member of the Qatari royal family and businessman.
Antoinette Flegenheim( 11 May 1863 – 8 April 1943) was a survivor of the sinking of the" RMS Titanic".
" When The Mountains Tremble" won the Special Jury Award at the Sundance Film Festival, the Blue Ribbon Award at the American Film Festival, and the Grand Coral Award/ Best North American Documentary at the Havana Film Festival.
Mervyn Tuchet (sometimes Mervin Touchet), 2nd Earl of Castlehaven (1593 – 14 May 1631), was an English nobleman who was convicted of rape and sodomy and subsequently executed.
He taught his diplomats that their job was to create tactical and strategic advantages for the French military.
As neither Edward nor Rainald had children, another war of succession for Guelders began, with the Bronkhorster faction supporting Edward and Rainald's half-sister Maria, wife of William II of Jülich and the Heerkeren faction supporting their half-sister Mathilde, wife of John II, Count of Blois.
The film is presumed to be lost.
He is a Senior Researcher at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet& Society, Director of the Harvard Office for Scholarly Communication, and Director of the Harvard Open Access Project( HOAP).
He has shown that happiness can be used a reliable measure to assess progress in societies which was one of the sources of inspiration for the United Nations to adopt happiness measures as a holistic approach to development.
In 293 BC, he made an alliance with the state of Han against Qin but was defeated by the Qin general Bai Qi with the loss of 240,000 troops and 5 cities.
Wenrich's last memorable song "Sail Along, Silv'ry Moon" was published in 1937.
It was released on February 24, 2006, nearly one year following its predecessor," Diary of a Mad Black Woman".
Fear of God is the idea of living in fear of a deity.
The film premièred in the U.S. Dramatic Competition at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival.
Donogoo Tonka is a 1936 German comedy film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Anny Ondra, Viktor Staal and Will Dohm.
João César Monteiro Santos was a Portuguese film director, actor, writer and film critic.
He is best known as the author of" The House of Blue Leaves" and" Six Degrees of Separation".
A harmonica player known as Bad News Brown (real name Paul Frappier) acts as an impromptu host in the documentary bringing the viewers snippets of the lives of musicians in Montreal's subway system – The Metro – run by Société de transport de Montréal (STM) that gives around 60 spots on a first-come, first-served basis, provided the musician-busker registers his name early enough as soon as the Metro opens to the public and returns during his assigned time to perform for an hour or two, amidst indifference from most passersby or, at times, a token word of encouragement.
Poitier was knighted by Queen Elizabeth II in 1974.
"Heavy Seas of Love" is the fifth single by Damon Albarn, from his solo debut album, "Everyday Robots".
It was produced by Anthony J. Xydias and reuses the battle scenes of his 1926 silent film" Davy Crockett at the Fall of the Alamo".
Two pairs of actors portray the couple and their actions repeat and mirror one another.
Isabel Burton (born Arundell; 20 March 1831 – 22 March 1896), later known as Lady Burton, was an English writer.
Runaway is a 2005 film directed by Tim McCann.
He was one of the directors behind the company that published" The Cyclopedia of New Zealand".
Alberto Carpani is an Italian singer, born in April 23, 1956, in Italy (Pavia).
City also adjoins the small municipality of Avondale.
Wu Tianming( December 5, 1939 – March 4, 2014) was a Chinese film director and producer who was considered one of the leading" Fourth Generation" directors.
It is loosely based on real life events of Paolo Malatesta and Francesca da Polenta.
Freda began directing" I Vampiri" in 1956 but left the production midway to have it completed by Mario Bava.
The film was based on a story of the same name by Clarence Budington Kelland( which appeared in" Ladies' Home Journal" in 1933), adapted by Sam Hellman and Edwin Justus Mayer, and written by Preston Sturges and Frank Partos.
The Pascoli House Museum opened in Castelvecchio Pascoli, Tuscany, Italy in 1960 and is devoted to the exhibition of the Italian writer Giovanni Pascoli's personal poetry.
Ida of Lorraine( also referred to as Blessed Ida of Boulogne)( c. 1040 – 13 April 1113) was a saint and noblewoman.
Prince Frederick Emil August of Schleswig-Holstein- Sonderburg- Augustenburg( Kiel, 23 August 1800 – Bayreuth, Germany, 2 July 1865), usually simply known by just his first name, Frederick," Prince of Noer", was a prince of the House of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Augustenburg and a cadet- line descendant of the Danish royal house.
He also studied at University of Chicago.
In June, 1923 Browning sent a letter to Wortham requesting him to write a biography about his life.
She died in 1962 in her home of Lemon Grove, California, at the age of 40.
Yet it is more consistent with known dates of death of the 4th Earl of Kildare that he married instead Margaret, a daughter of the 1st Baron Burghersh.
She died shortly before 18 October 1459.
Rawa, Płock, Sochaczew, Gostynin, Płońsk and Wizna.
The movie was filmed in Spain and Brazil.
The film was released on March 29, 1946, by Republic Pictures.
Edgar Sinco Romero( July 7, 1924 – May 28, 2013) was a Filipino film director, film producer and screenwriter.
John Coates wrote the screenplay, based on his novel of the same name.
Three of Russell's more recent films – the biographical sports drama" The Fighter"( 2010), the romantic comedy- drama" Silver Linings Playbook"( 2012), and the comedy- drama crime film" American Hustle"( 2013) – were commercially successful and acclaimed by critics, having earned Russell three Academy Award nominations for Best Director, as well as a Best Adapted Screenplay nomination for" Silver Linings Playbook" and a Best Original Screenplay nomination for" American Hustle".
The Lizard King is a 1988 Australian television film about a woman who comes from France to Australia in search of her son.
Prior to her marriage, she was known at court as "Mademoiselle de Nantes".
Lorne Peterson is a Canadian special effects artist most known for the" Indiana Jones" and" Star Wars" films.
The film was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival.
He has worked on a number of television programs, including" Bill Nye the Science GuyBeakman's WorldAdventure Divas", and" Bands Reunited".
The film stars Charles Starrett, Virginia Hunter, Paul Campbell, Mary Newton and Smiley Burnette.
On September 13, 1940 it was merged with the Gulf, Mobile and Northern Railroad to form the Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Railroad.
Seymour Friedman( August 17, 1917 – April 2, 2003) was an American film director.
Vincenzo was the son of Andrea Gonzaga, Count of San Paolo, and grandson of Ferrante II Gonzaga, Duke of Guastalla .<br>
Princess Helena of Waldeck and Pyrmont( 22 December 189918 February 1948) was the only daughter of Friedrich, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont, last reigning Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont, and wife of Nikolaus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg.
For the 18th-century period film "Barry Lyndon" (1975), Kubrick obtained lenses developed by Zeiss for NASA, to film scenes under natural candlelight.
He left his native Budapest during the uprising of 1956 with his brother Otto Schultz.
Sometime before 1612 (records of the marriage are lacking), Lord Audley married Elizabeth Barnham, a sister-in-law of the philosopher and scientist Francis Bacon, and with her he had six children.
Karen L. Valihura( born May 16, 1963) is a justice of the Delaware Supreme Court.
It was released on 1 May 2015 on Heavenly Records peaking at No. 99 on the ARIA Charts, a first for the band.
The plot closely mirrored that of Ernst Lubitsch's" The Oyster Princess".
In 1983, McGavin starred in Bob Clark's seasonal comedy "A Christmas Story", portraying Mr. Parker, the father of Ralphie Parker.
Sudeep is known for his performances in the Kannada films" Sparsha"( 2000)," Huchcha"( 2001)," Nandhi"( 2002)," Kiccha"( 2003)," Swathi Muthu"( 2003)," My Autograph"( 2006)," Mussanjemaatu"( 2008)," Veera Madakari"( 2009)," Just Maath Maathalli"( 2010)," Kempe Gowda"( 2011), the Telugu- Tamil bilingual" Eega"( 2012) and the Hindi film" Dabangg 3"( 2019).
Unbeknownst to them, the new Caliph was resolved to destroy the coterie of his father's officials that controlled the state.
The film stars RZA, Sahajak Boonthanakit, Pim Bubear, Ocean Hou, Grace Huang, Andrew Lin and Khiri Steven Lowenstein.
Frederick IV of Nuremberg( 1287–1332) from the House of Hohenzollern was Burgrave of Nuremberg from 1300 to 1332.
An early settler of St. Louis from New Orleans
In 1968, she founded Council for a Beautiful Israel.
He was the son of Don Beltrán III de la Cueva y Castilla, 6th Duke of Alburquerque and Isabel de la Cueva y Córdoba.
The film stars Wild Bill Elliott, Robert Blake, Bob Steele, Alice Fleming, Peggy Stewart and Arthur Loft.
The film is a dramatization of the true story of John Riley and the Saint Patrick's Battalion, a group of Irish Catholic immigrants who desert from the mostly Protestant U.S. Army to the mostly Catholic Mexican side during the Mexican – American War of 1846 to 1848.
He was among the founders of the British film industry and continued making films into the 1920s at his Walton Studios.
"The Weary Kind" (full title "The Weary Kind (Theme from Crazy Heart)") is a country song written by Ryan Bingham and T Bone Burnett for the film "Crazy Heart", a 2009 film directed by Scott Cooper starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal.
Gerald Rudolff Ford( December 9, 1890 – January 26, 1962) was an American businessman, creator of Ford Industries, and Republican politician who was the stepfather of U.S. President Gerald Ford and for whom Ford legally changed his name.
Herbie Mann Plays The Roar of the Greasepaint –
John Dollar( born 1961 in Georgia) is an American artist best known for his contributions to a number of RPG settings during the mid-to- late 90s( TSR properties and White Wolf's Changeling).
Borcosque was responsible for directing and screenwriting mostly simultaneously some 45 different feature films including the 1951 film "El alma de los niños".
Among his numerous awards were the Career Golden Lion from the 61st Venice International Film Festival, the Special Lion for the Overall Work in the 42nd Venice International Film Festival, an Honorary Golden Palm for his lifetime achievements in 2008 Cannes Film Festival, and the French Legion of Honor.
Edward Duke( 1779 – 1852), was an English antiquary.
Chopin received his ticket of leave on 7 December 1874, and the following month was appointed a dispenser of medicine at the Colonial Hospital.
One of the artists he was closely associated with was Rudi Wairata.
Indraneil Sengupta, his brother is also an actor.
It was the 4th best selling Korean film of 2011.
Simon Louis, Count of Lippe( 14 March 1610 at Brake Castle – 8 August 1636 in Detmold), was Count of Lippe- Detmold from 1627 until his death.
It returned to public status in 1969 when it merged with the University of Arkansas System under its present name.
Howard Winchester Hawks( May 30, 1896 December 26, 1977) was an American film director, producer and screenwriter of the classic Hollywood era.
She was imprisoned from 1987 to 1991 and from 2005 to 2006 on charges related to her independence advocacy.
The Briggs Family is a 1940 British drama film directed by Herbert Mason and starring Edward Chapman, Felix Aylmer, Jane Baxter, Oliver Wakefield and Austin Trevor.
Egoyan promoted a book named after the same title as his film, "The Adjuster", at a launch in Ottawa.
This movie is inspired from the 1992 English My cousin Vinny
Catholic University of Croatia is a private university of the Catholic Church located in Zagreb, Croatia.
Detective Willy is a 2015 comedy adventure film directed by Jose Maria Cabral.
The story is based on a play( possibly unproduced)," The Woman With Four Faces", by Bayard Veiller.
She was the third child but second daughter of Duke Przemysław of Racibórz by his wife Anna, daughter of Konrad II of Masovia.
Robert Rihmeek Williams (born May 6, 1987), known professionally as Meek Mill, is an American rapper, songwriter, and activist.
S. S. Wilson is a founding partner of Stampede Entertainment.
In both films, the character wears a rather dilapidated dark kimono bearing the same family" mon".
He also played Kurt in Marvel Studios'" Ant- Man"( 2015) and its sequel" Ant- Man and the Wasp"( 2018), Murdoc in CBS's" MacGyver", and Abra Kadabra in The CW's" The Flash".
Work became slow for Stevens after the 1970s.
The Lip collective also organized art shows, curated critical essays, and additionally published the" Earthworks Poster Collective The Women ’s Theatre Group" and" The Women ’s Film Group".
Prior to joining Psychotica, Buz was the drummer for LA Punk band Youth Gone Mad.
The story is based on the play of the same name by David Berry.
Tuvale is the author of "An account of Samoan History up to 1918", a key historical text in Samoan history which includes first hand accounts of the rivalry between European colonial powers and Samoan chiefly families.
This was followed by a number of new wave singles before he moved to more jazz-inflected pop music and had a Top 10 hit in 1982 with "Steppin' Out".
Melville Jacob Shyer (September 28, 1895 – September 14, 1968) was an American film director, screenwriter and producer and one of the founders of the Directors Guild of America.
Walfredo Reyes Jr.( born Walfredo de los Reyes Palau IV, December 18, 1955), is a Cuban American expert in drum set and auxiliary percussion, a music educator, and a clinician.
Bowning railway station is a heritage- listed closed railway station located on the Main Southern railway in Bowning, Yass Valley Shire, New South Wales, Australia.
It was released on 27 September 2013 on Flightless.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and "Billboard" recognize Streisand as holding the record for the most top 10 albums of any female recording artist: a total of 34 since 1963.
He launched a solo career in 1987 and had a massive hit single in Australia in 1989 with" Crying in the Chapel", which was not a remake of the 1950s song" Crying in the Chapel".
It represents one of the very few periodicals ever to have been published in Sicilian to enjoy prolonged success.
He was a lifelong contributor to the Royal Canadian Geographical Society Journal.
Henry O'Brien, 5th Earl of Thomond( 1588 – 26 July 1639) was an Irish peer, styled Lord Ibrickane until 1624.
He has published more than a dozen books of prose, and directed as many operas.
( Arabic: حمد بن جاسم بن حمد الثاني) was the commander in chief of the Qatar Police from 1972 to 1977 and Minister for Economy and Trade from 1977 to 1986.
Xie was born in Yan'an city of Shaanxi Province, China.
He died there on 21 December 1723 and was buried in the chapel of Idstein.
Aragno broke many of the standard rules for 3D cinematography.
Beaulieu- sur- Loire is a commune in the Loiret department in north -central France.
Crazy Alien  is a 2019 Chinese science-fiction comedy film directed by Ning Hao and written by Sun Xiaohang, Wu Nan, Dong Runnian, Liu Xiaodan and Pan Yiran.
The following is a list of film directors from Italy.
Thomas Kohnstamm( born) is an American author from Seattle, Washington.
, Louis sensed that warfare was the ideal way to enhance his glory.
Habib Azar (born October 19, 1979 in Pennsylvania, United States) is an American film, theater and television director based in New York City.
Afonso, Prince of Portugal was the first son of king John III of Portugal and his queen, Catherine of Austria.
He said it was a response to what he felt was the overplaying of Irving Berlin's "God Bless America" on the radio.
Aníbal Jonathan Gastón Bay( born 1 February 1993) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a left- back for Central Córdoba.
Reinhold Schünzel (7 November 1888 – 11 November 1954) was a German actor and director, active in both Germany and the United States.
"Shivaay" was released on 28 October 2016 on the Diwali weekend.
After twice reprising his Virgil Tibbs character from" In the Heat of the Night" and acting in a variety of other films, including the thriller" The Wilby Conspiracy"( 1975), with Michael Caine, Poiter turned to acting/ directing with the action- comedies" Uptown Saturday Night"( 1974)," Let's Do It Again"( 1975), and" A Piece of the Action"( 1978), all co-starring Bill Cosby.
They tried to retain their independence and argued that the Duchy should be inherited by the female relatives( such as Anna or Sophia).
Born into a noble family as the son of an eminent general of Empress Elizabeth's service, Aleksandr Bibikov was enrolled into the lists of the Izmaylovsky Regiment at just three years old.
From her seven older and younger siblings, four survive adulthood: Georg, Hereditary Prince of Stolberg- Stolberg- Ortenberg, Sophie Eleonore, Christoph Frederick and Jost Christian.
Other cast members featured include Alison Doody, Denholm Elliott, Julian Glover, River Phoenix, and John Rhys-Davies.
Indeed, through inheritance and "mercantile venture" he had obtained "a very fine estate" and great wealth, being the most important of Mary's princely supporters.
The American Canal is an irrigation canal in the Upper Rio Grande Valley near El Paso, Texas.
He worked as director or producer on no less than 48 films.
Rufus Norris( born 16 January 1965) is a British theatre and film director, who is currently the Artistic Director of the National Theatre.
Nancy Elizabeth Stafford( born June 5, 1954) is an American actress, speaker and author, known for her roles on television.
He was the brother of the composer Giovanni Fusco and the uncle of operatic soprano Cecilia Fusco.
The film was released in 1961 in Japan and was later released in the United States on television.
She later signed with Minos EMI, and went on to release her second and third studio albums" Ti Poniro Mou Zitas" and" Anemos agapis" in 2012 and 2014, respectively.
It is the third installment in the" Terminator" film series, following 1991 ’s.
This film is an entry of the 1990 Metro Manila Film Festival.
Early in her career, Minaj was known for her colorful costumes and wigs.
The film premiered on February 28, 2014, in New York and Los Angeles.
He currently serves as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Guerrero.
He succeeded as Lord of Glamorgan in 1349.
Lady Eleanor de Bohun( – 3 October 1399) was the elder daughter and co-heiress with her sister, Mary de Bohun, of their father Humphrey de Bohun, 7th Earl of Hereford( 1341 – 1373).
Armstrong-Jones had one son, Ronald Armstrong-Jones, and two daughters, Elaine Margaret Wauchope (1895–1965) and Gwendolen Jane Buckley (1905–1985), who married Sir Denys Buckley.
Paal Bog has a son from his second marriage, Ola Bog (1955 –).
The film is a production of Hong Kong's Purple Light Films and People Workshop with international distribution through the Taipei-based company Arc Light Films.
It was released on April 5, 2005 on Mojo Records to mixed reviews.
Instead, the vizier was brought to Itakh's residence, where he was placed under house arrest.
Lady Mount Stuart survived him by three years and died in July 1797, aged 24.
It is based on the 1960 novel" Chautauqua" by Day Keene and Dwight Vincent Babcock.
He was educated at Eton and commissioned a second lieutenant in the 1st Battalion of the Queen's Own Cameron Highlanders on 3 January 1900.
He testified before the House Un- American Activities Committee in the 1950s.
Her godfather is actor Cho Tat Wah.
In an effort to increase the Romanian work force, former communist leader Nicolae Ceaușescu outlawed contraception and abortion in 1966.
The Rio Grande is a river of Argentina.
Richton served in the United States Army during World War II.
Cleopatra’s children by Herod were raised and educated in Rome.
Walter John Francis Erskine, 12th Earl of Mar and 14th Earl of Kellie( 29 August 1865 – 3 June 1955) was a Scottish nobleman.
Desislava of Bulgaria was daughter of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria and his second wife Theodora, a converted Jewish woman.
An incomplete or fragment of the film is preserved at the George Eastman House.
Antoinette de Bourbon Duchess of Guise( 25 December 1494 – 22 January 1583) was a French noblewoman of the House of Bourbon.
He was a friend and patron of Jean Froissart and the eldest brother of Henry le Despenser, Bishop of Norwich.
She collaborated with Rahman on a song for the score of the award-winning "Kannathil Muthamittal "in 2002.
Dungar Junction railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India.
Legio tertia Cyrenaica(" Cyrenean Third Legion") was a legion of the Imperial Roman army.
In 976 Fernando boasted that his father had remained always faithful to his monarch and had served him with valour in a thousand battles.
La Casa del recuerdo( The House of Memory) is a 1940 Argentine film by Luis Saslavsky.
Her paternal grandfather's lineage could be traced back to Anne of Gloucester, this collective ancestry making Dorothy the first noble to descend from all of the younger surviving sons of Edward III.
Edward le Despenser (died 1342) was a son of Hugh le Despenser the Younger by his wife Eleanor de Clare.
In the early 2000s Buz played on material by NY band The Bastard Kings of Rock.
She is the grandmother of Akhenaten, and great grandmother of Tutankhamun.
Meinert was born Rudolf Bürstein in Vienna, but worked for most of his career in the German film industry.
In 1956 he and his collection of antique paperweights were featured in an advertising campaign for Passing Clouds cigarettes.
He directed 151 films between 1945 and 1995.
N.J. His father, Jack Small, was an actor and later, the general manager of the Schubert Theater in New York City.
In 1998, Kelly won three Grammy Awards for
Dark at Noon
After leaving the Navy he became a federal civil servant.
But, during discussions of the script, the idea of "Just Maath Maathalli" came up and Shanker Gowda showed immense interest in producing it.
Guillaume Wittouck( 1749- 1829) was a Belgian lawyer and High Magistrate.
Succession was also claimed by Marie's sister, Mathilda, whose side was called the" Heeckerens" and were led by Frederik van Heeckeren van der Eze( 1320- 1386).
, he became one its most prominent citizens.
Both George and his younger brother, Richard( Dick), were prodigiously gifted mathematicians and draughtsmen.
Although not originally released as a single in the United Kingdom, it was released in 1975 to promote "Shaved Fish", a compilation LP, and it reached number six on the chart that year.
Rivette began writing film criticism, and was hired by André Bazin for "Cahiers du Cinéma" in 1953.
Emperor Zhaozong's reign lasted almost 16 years and he was buried in Heling (和陵).
The Eye that Lies) is a 1993 French- Portuguese comedy film directed by Chilean filmmaker Raúl Ruiz.
At the age of 32, he received the Academy Award for Best Director for" Skippy"( 1931).
Edgar( or Eadgar; died c. 930) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford.
In 1648, he was a Parliamentary commissioner to the Treaty of Newport.
PrimeStar was the first medium- powered DBS system in the United States but slowly declined in popularity with the arrival of DirecTV in 1994 and Dish Network in 1996.
The movies are homages to the Bowery Boys series of movies from the mid-1940s to late 1950s.
He was manager and part- time editor of the Inter Mountain until 1901 and also engaged in the real estate and mining business.
In 1073, Theobald III, Count of Blois, became Count of Chartres and did not hesitate to defy royal order, defeating the royal army in 1079 at Le Puiset.
In 2009, she was cast in the critically acclaimed film "Precious", which won her Breakthrough Actress Performance Award at the Palm Springs International Film Festival.
She was an alternate member of the Justice Committee and served on Theme Committee 5 on Judiciary and Legal Systems.
Mariah Carey (born March 27, 1969 or 1970) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and record producer.
John Talbot Tuchet, 8th Earl of Castlehaven( 2 August 1724 – 22 April 1777) was the son of James Tuchet, 6th Earl of Castlehaven, and his wife, née Elizabeth Arundell.
He was soon defeated by an imperial army, deposed and imprisoned together with his son (Gibichenstein, 1045).
" The Phantom Edit" was the first unauthorized re-edit of" The Phantom Menace" to receive major publicity and acclaim.
Golan produced movies featuring actors such as Sean Connery, Sylvester Stallone, Chuck Norris, Jean-Claude Van Damme, and Charles Bronson, and for a period, was known as a producer of comic book-style movies like "Masters of the UniverseCaptain America", and his aborted attempt to bring Spider-Man to the silver screen.
Dragon Eyes is a 2012 American martial arts film starring Cung Le and Jean- Claude Van Damme.
Throughout her career, Carey has sold more than 200 million records worldwide, making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time.
Little Jack Little recorded the song for Columbia( catalog 3068) on June 28, 1935 and also enjoyed chart success with the song in 1935 reaching the# 13 spot.
It was succeeded as Croatian representative at the 1994 Contest by Tony Cetinski with" Nek' ti bude ljubav sva".
It is Egoyan's fourth feature film, and the first of his works to achieve international acclaim.
After exhibiting his work in several galleries in the late 1950s, he began to receive recognition as an influential and controversial artist.
The film includes cameos by Jean- Luc Godard, Anna Karina, Eddie Constantine and Jean- Claude Brialy as characters in the silent film Raoul shows Cléo and Dorothée, while composer Michel Legrand, who wrote the film's score, plays" Bob the pianist".
In Medieval Serbia Simonida is best remembered as a patron of the Arts, Music and Literature.
A firm supporter of Sunni traditionalist orthodoxy, he nevertheless maintained good relations with the Alids, and was interested in natural sciences, renewing caliphal sponsorship of scholars and scientists.
His film" American Perfekt" was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
He directed many dramas which today are also considered classics, "Angels with Dirty Faces" (1938), "The Sea Wolf" (1941), "Casablanca" (1942), and "Mildred Pierce" (1945).
She has been rated the third most successful female artist in the UK.
Maria Carolina Ernestina Antonia Johanna Josefa; 12 January 1740 – 25 January 1741), was the third child and daughter of Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria, later Holy Roman Empress and Duke Francis of Lorraine.
Segments of" La Casa del Terror" were years later combined with footage from a 1957 Mexican film," La Momia Azteca", to create a hybrid film called" Face of the Screaming Werewolf" by producer Jerry Warren.
As of 2002, she was a university athletics coach.
BiB is currently used to package wine, soda fountain syrup products, milk, liquid chemicals, and water.
"(Last Night) I Heard You Crying in Your Sleep" is a song written and recorded by Hank Williams on MGM Records.
The war began after the deaths of her brothers, Reginald III of Guelders and Edward of Guelders.
After the 1643 war with Portugal, he was Captain General of the Borders.
Sabrina Debora Salerno, also known as Sabrina,( born 15 March 1968) is an Italian singer, songwriter, record producer, glamour model, actress and television presenter.
He died on the night of 5 to 6 April 1376 and was buried in the chapel of St. Mary's Church, Wrocław Cathedral, in a marble sarcophagus.
He married Euphemia, daughter of Sir Adam de Crosebi or Crosbj of Albemarle( b c1098), and Cecily FitzDuncan( b c 1113).
Henry Edwards (18 September 1882 – 2 November 1952) was an English actor and film director.
The Adventures of a Two-Minute Werewolf, also called The Adventures of a 2-Minute Werewolf is a 1985 television film produced by ABC television as part of its "ABC Weekend Special" series.
He also conceded the city of Emmerich as a result of an earlier promise to the Duke of Cleves.
Some later historians have taken a more favourable perspective of Chamberlain and his policies, citing government papers released under the Thirty Year Rule and arguing that going to war with Germany in 1938 would have been disastrous as the UK was unprepared.
Sons of the Sea may refer to:
Wolfgang Neff( 8 September 1875 – after November 1936) was an Austrian film director.
The Story of Anastasia and in the UK, Is Anna Anderson Anastasia?
Eunseong Kim is a South Korean physicist.
Dark played 13 NHL games for the St. Louis Blues.
After gaining his Ticket of leave he worked as a chemist and later as an illicit abortionist.
Tempo is a prolific session musician, working with artists such as Tom Russell, Michelle Shocked, John Renbourn, Anthony Crawford, Jessica Harper, Prism, The Blazers, Marilyn Martin, Jim Matt, John" Juke" Logan, Rosie Flores, and Peter Alsop.
og arbeid:
The magazine was also criticised in some quarters for not having enough of a political agenda and not advancing student issues.
He was later knighted( as a Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit) by Anand Satyanand, the Governor- General of New Zealand, at a ceremony in Wellington in April 2010.
Described as" an elaborate Dadaist joke" by" The New York Times", Ruiz ’s film was intended to emulate a Monty Python- esque humor with deadpan comedic tone.
He was educated as a lawyer and moved to the Central New York town of Auburn.
Subsequent albums such as "Blur" (1997), "13" (1999), and
His most famous work is" Altar to the Fatherland Altar a la patria"), a memorial to the Mexican cadets killed during the Battle of Chapultepec(" Niños Héroes").
It received generally negative reviews, and has been regarded by some as one of Murphy's weakest movies.
Richar( or Richer)( died 973) was the count of Mons from 963 or 964 and vice- duke of Lower Lorraine from 968.
As the heir to and then owner of one of the largest estates in New York, Van Rensselaer's holdings made him the tenth richest American of all time, based on the ratio of his fortune to contemporary GDP.
His New York studio, The Factory, became a well-known gathering place that brought together distinguished intellectuals, drag queens, playwrights, Bohemian street people, Hollywood celebrities, and wealthy patrons.
Also he was Landeshauptmann General of Silesia during 1497–1504 and 1507–1517, since 1517 until his death, Landeshauptmann over the Upper Silesia.
Her two siblings were John of Luxembourg and Marie of Luxembourg, Queen of France.
This carefully expresses the vulnerabilities women endure when heavily committing to relationships, similar to much of Demy ’s work, including" The Umbrellas of Cherbourg" and" The Young Girls of Rochefort".
He was the second son of Mieszko I, Duke of Cieszyn by his wife, probably called Grzymisława.
The film has no connection to" Plan 9 from Outer Space"( 1959) other than its title and the fact that both films feature aliens.
Copies of the film exist in Moscow and in the George Eastman House Motion Picture Collection.
This was the apogee of Itakh's career: he combined the positions of chamberlain(" ḥājib"), head of the Caliph's personal guard, intendant of the palace, and head of the" barīd", the public post, which doubled as the government's intelligence network.
The film was released in April 1921, by Paramount Pictures.
Ferdinand (24 March 1188 – 27 July 1233; Portuguese: "Fernando", French and Dutch: "Ferrand") reigned as "jure uxoris" Count of Flanders and Hainaut from his marriage to Countess Joan, celebrated in Paris in 1212, until his death.
William Jackson Keighley( August 4, 1889, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania – June 24, 1984, New York, New York) was an American stage actor and Hollywood film director.
Fred H. Frank was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly who lived in Appleton.
During the Second World War, the two sisters stayed at Windsor Castle despite suggestions to evacuate them to Canada.
The film starred Conway Tearle and Boris Karloff.
King Zhao was the son of King Ping of Chu.
He earned a master's degree at Harvard and taught English at the University of Missouri.
Fournier also published a novelization of the miniseries concurrently with the theatrical debut.
Al- Muntasir's reign lasted for half a year and ended with his death of unknown causes on 862.
Anne's grandfather, Walter, was the son of Agnes Crophull.
The film was released in Brazil on October 8, 2010.
Frederick III James of Hesse-Homburg (born 19 May 1673 in Cölln; died: 8 June 1746 in 's-Hertogenbosch)
The Last Ride may refer to:
His birth name was David Lloyd Wilkie, although he went by many others, including" Rev. Les Ego".
Her parents were Henri de Bourbon," Duke of Montpensier" and Henriette Catherine de Joyeuse, Duchess of Joyeuse in her own right.
He was the 96th in a succession of Armenian Patriarchs of Jerusalem, succeeding Patriarch Yeghishe Derderian( 1960 – 1990).
Neferneferuaten Nefertiti  (c. 1370 – c. 1330 BC) was an Egyptian queen and the Great Royal Wife of Akhenaten, an Egyptian Pharaoh.
It marked Fassbinder's final film as a writer/ director; it was posthumously released just months after the director died of a drug overdose in June 1982.
The movie is produced by Dr. Uday Tamhankar and directed by Chandrakant Kulkarni.
With that achievement Adele became the first female British solo singer in the history of the "Billboard" Hot 100 to have two number ones from the same album.
Frank Johnson (27 April 1855 – 25 April 1921) was mayor of Adelaide, South Australia from 1907 to 1909.
In 1285, he brought to Chauvency-le-Château one of the most famous jousting tournaments (a “tournament of chivalry”) of the Middle Ages, which pitted knights from the Empire, France, Lotharingia, Hainault, Flanders, and England, against each other in two days of solo-contest jousting and a final day of massed mêlée fighting.
Crime and Punishment U.S.A.( 1959) is an American feature film, directed by Denis Sanders, and is — as the" New York Times" put it, “ a beat generation version ” — of the novel" Crime and Punishment" by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
Walk- in- the- Water[ or My- ee- rah]( died c. 1817) was a Huron chief.
It is one of a series of novels and/ or films from the period following broadly similar themes about personal or community resistance to Nazi forces, and the moral relevance between them, including famous novels like" The Secret of Santa Vittoria" along with less recognized works like" Kramer's War", and others.
John Massari (born Giovanni Massari in New York City, New York) is an American composer.
For example, in France it reached number 15, but spent 18 weeks in the Top 50.
It was written and directed by Tom DiCillo and narrated by Johnny Depp.
Benton was born in Harts Mill, Orange County, North Carolina.
Margaret de Clare, Countess of Gloucester, Countess of Cornwall (12 October 1293 – 9 April 1342) was an English noblewoman, heiress, and the second-eldest of the three daughters of Gilbert de Clare, 6th Earl of Hertford and his wife Joan of Acre, making her a granddaughter of King Edward I of England.
In 1526 he was appointed Ranger of Delamere Forest and Escheator of Cheshire.
Goldfinch died at Roseville in 1943.
Balls Out is a 2014 American live-action/animated sports comedy film directed by Andrew Disney, based on a script by Bradley Jackson.
He died in Madrid on 11 November 1974 aged 80 and he was survived by his daughter Carmen Perojo Carreras.
Over her four-decade career, she has developed an eclectic musical style that draws on a range of influences and genres spanning electronic, pop, experimental, classical, trip hop, IDM, and avant-garde music.
Charles Giblyn( September 6, 1871 – March 14, 1934) was an American film director and actor of the silent era.
Egoyan made his career breakthrough with" Exotica"( 1994), a film set primarily in and around the fictional Exotica strip club.
His other awards include a Golden Globe, four Saturn Awards and three BAFTAs among others.
John "Felix" August Körling, born 17 December 1864, in Kristdala, Sweden, dead 8 January 1937 in Halmstad, Sweden, was a Swedish composer, church musician and music teacher.
It reached# 2 in South Africa, spending 19 weeks on the top 20.
The film combines live action with animation to suggest the artistic style of the engraver Matthäus Merian.
As the Kingdom of Hanover had been annexed by Prussia in 1866, she spent most of her life in exile with her husband in Austria.
Antiochus XI defeated AntiochusX and expelled him from the capital Antioch in 93 BC.
They had two sons, who both added the surname "Crichton" before that of "Stuart" in 1805:
He graduated from the Yangon Institute of Economics.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Georges Wakhévitch.
This means that the domicile of the baby's mother is the registered place of birth.
One of his later clients in the 1960s was a young actress named Helen Mirren.
Six Hours to Live is a 1932 American science fiction drama film directed by William Dieterle and starring Warner Baxter, Miriam Jordan and John Boles.
Nikita Willy( born Nikita Purnama Willy; June 29, 1994) is an Indonesian actress and pop singer.
The film's DVD release is dedicated to his" loving memory".
Nye aspired to become the next Mr. Wizard, and with the help of several producers, successfully pitched the children's television program" Bill Nye the Science Guy" to KCTS- TV, Seattle's public television station.
He also created and executive- produced the 1983 – 88 television series" Tales from the Darkside."
Mills of Drum only remained open until 1863 as an intermediate station on the Deeside Railway that ran from Aberdeen( Joint) to Ballater.
Princess Chulabhorn, the Princess Srisavangavadhana (born 4 July 1957, Bangkok) is a princess of Thailand, the youngest daughter of King Bhumibol Adulyadej and Queen Sirikit.
He has spent most of his career with Inter Press Service( IPS), the news agency which he founded in 1964 along with Argentine journalist Pablo Piacentini.
Henry Ernest, Count of Stolberg( 20 July 1593 in Schwarza – 4 April 1672 in Ilsenburg) was a German nobleman.
He is best known as the voice of Tommy Angelo, the protagonist in" Mafia: The City of Lost Heaven", and a minor character in" Mafia II".
In the early 1930s Parker left Hollywood for England where he continued to direct films and also opened an actors' agency office.
At some colleges, for example, students sign wallet-sized cards with the Pledge written on them that they can keep as a reminder of the commitment they've made.
Chamberlain is best known for his foreign policy of appeasement, and in particular for his signing of the Munich Agreement in 1938, conceding the German-speaking Sudetenland region of Czechoslovakia to Germany.
For an A – Z of films see.
He told his story in a series in the" Saturday Evening Post", and his experiences were then fictionalized in the old time radio show" I Was a Communist for the FBI", adapted for a Warner Brothers motion picture in 1951.
Wali-e-Mewat Raja Khanzada Akleem Khan, Bahadur, son of Khanzada Bahadur Khan, was the Khanzada Rajput ruler of Mewat from 1412 until 1417.
There are four surviving charters from Ansur's brief reign in Castile; the earliest from November 943.
Sri Dharmaloka College is a national school in the Western province of Sri Lanka, situated near the Kelaniya Temple.
Sequences were filmed in New York, with shots at the Martin Beck and old Empire theaters( the Empire was set to be demolished the year the film was released).
However, he was a highly proficient grassroots organizer of democratic instincts, and played the central role in winning the Second Boer War.
Guy died in 1095, the same year Pope Urban II launched the First Crusade.
Luke George Evans( born 15 April 1979) is a Welsh actor and singer.
Fear of Flying may also refer to:
Other films with cinematography by Scala include" Steel The Blue FleetEscape to France" and" The Earth Cries Out".
Love in Every Port( Spanish: En cada puerto un amor) is a 1931 American drama film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and Marcel Silver and starring José Crespo, Conchita Montenegro and Juan de Landa.
His commercial portfolio featured Kiwi and international celebrities including Richard Briers, Richard Hadlee, Felicity Kendal, and Dennis Waterman.
Zach Palmquist( born December 9, 1990) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently a free agent.
He is also known for his deeply entrenched and quirky sense of style:" Louryk, tall, dark and handsome in his boho black clothes and colourful bandana- has, at 26, been voted one of New York's most eligible bachelors."
The Pledge serves to promote social and environmental responsibility on three different levels: Students and alumni who are making choices about employment; schools including values and citizenship in their curriculum as opposed to just knowledge and skills; and the workplaces and wider society being concerned about issues beyond just the bottom line.
On February 23, 2017, Sprint and Open Mobile announced an agreement to combine their businesses in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands into a new joint venture.
At the 2006 census, its population was 46, in 13 families.
In 2014 he became a Professor at Marathi Department, University of Mumbai.
Isabella of Portugal( 1364–1395) was the natural daughter of King Ferdinand I of Portugal, from an unknown mother.
His second son, Adelbert Wellington Brownlow Cust, 3rd Earl Brownlow, later became a government minister.
Mobile and Ohio Railroad Depot may refer to:
Robert de Ferrers, 4th Baron Ferrers of Chartley( 1358 – 1413) was the son of John de Ferrers, 3rd Baron Ferrers of Chartley and Elizabeth de Stafford, a daughter of Ralph de Stafford, 1st Earl of Stafford and Margaret de Audley.
a dramatization of the life of St. Vincent de Paul that starred Pierre Fresnay, won the Academy Award in 1947 for best foreign film.
On New Year's Day 1953, he died suddenly while traveling to a concert in Canton, Ohio, at the age of 29.
Manoel Cândido Pinto de Oliveira GCSE, GCIH (11 December 1908 – 2 April 2015) was a Portuguese film director and screenwriter born in Cedofeita, Porto.
but there is no mention of who won or whether it was fought by the Connachta or just the Ui Fiachrach Aidhne.
He married Felicity Tree, the daughter of actor Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree, on 10 November 1915.
He was succeeded to the Dukedom by his younger brother Lord Ralph Percy.
Rahsaan Roland Kirk also composed lyrics to the song, included on his 1976 album "The Return of the 5000 Lb. Man".
Alexander, Hereditary Prince of Hohenzollern( born 16 March 1987 in New York City) is a member of the Princely House of Hohenzollern.
Andrew II appointed a Hungarian nobleman, Benedict the Bald, to administer it on Coloman's behalf.
Several re-releases and revisions to the film have followed over the decades.
She was best known for her starring role in the London premiere of Franz Lehár's operetta" The Merry Widow".
Joseph Henabery (January 15, 1888 – February 18, 1976) Omaha, Nebraska, was a film actor, screenplay writer, and director in the United States.
Meanwhile, Luke Skywalker struggles to bring his father Darth Vader back to the light side of the Force.
Interstate 10( I- 10) is a part of the Interstate Highway System that runs from Santa Monica, California, to Jacksonville, Florida.
At the 2006 census, its population was 305, in 76 families.
Aftershocks is a 1996 direct-to-video sequel to "Tremors", in which the character of Earl Bassett, returning from the first film, is hired to deal with a subterranean "graboid" infestation at a Mexican oilfield.
St Mary's Catholic College( SMC) is a Catholic secondary school located in Wallasey, Wirral, in North West England.
He died sometime between 1226 and 1233, and was buried in Gisborough Priory or in Sawtry Abbey.
In 1970, her novel" Broken Tapestry" won the Romantic Novel of the Year Award by the Romantic Novelists' Association.
Under the Bourbon Restoration he experienced setbacks in his career.
The film opened on December 25, 2002, to critical and commercial success.
Otto promised to crown Charles as soon as Lothair was out of the way and Charles paid him homage, receiving back Lower Lorraine.
On 11 November 1048 at Thuin, Godfrey fell on Adalbert, his replacement in Upper Lorraine, and defeated him, killing him in battle.
King is the son of authors Stephen and Tabitha King and the brother of Owen King.
The film has the distinction of being the last film released by Orion Pictures' arthouse division Orion Classics, as well as being the last Orion Pictures film, until 2013's" Grace Unplugged", when Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer revived the Orion Pictures brand.
It was made at Catford Studios, and based on a novel by Charles Garvice.
This led to the full- length film being refused exemption from classification, which would have allowed it to screen at the Melbourne Queer Film Festival, a decision to which actor James Franco( who invited Mathews to collaborate on Franco's film" Interior. Leather Bar.") reacted negatively.
He was the brother of the painter Gwen John.
Andrew Upton( born 1 February 1966) is an Australian playwright, screenwriter, and director.
With the death of King Afonso Henriques in 1185, her husband ascended the throne and she became Queen consort of Portugal.
The Mills may refer to:
Shaikh Areeb was an Indian most famous person who was also known as[ ARB] he was the smartest person in his city, who was born in 2002 in the city of AURANGABAD
He was hired in the family company N. A. Andresen& Co, and became a co-owner in 1910.
They had no issue.
Ramon Berenguer IV (c. 1114 – 6 August 1162, Anglicized Raymond Berengar IV), sometimes called the Saint, was the Count of Barcelona who brought about the union of his County of Barcelona with the Kingdom of Aragon to form the Crown of Aragon.
It was screened at the 2017 Shanghai International Film Festival on 17 June 2017.
Tennessee Ernie
The scientific realism and innovative special effects of  (1968) were without precedent in the history of cinema, and the film earned him his only personal Oscar, for Best Visual Effects.
It was entered into the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.
Stephan Elliott( born 27 August 1964) is an Australian film director and screenwriter.
In 1535, he married Margaret, a daughter of René of Savoy, Count of Villars.
They had three children:
Yow's debut solo album, "
Archduke Joseph Árpád Benedikt Ferdinand Franz Maria Gabriel (8 February 1932 – 30 April 2017) was a member of the Hungarian Palatine branch of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.
John" Jackie" Scott( 22 December 1933 – June 1978), also known as Jack Scott or Johnny Scott, was a former Northern Ireland international footballer and football manager who played as an outside forward for Manchester United, Grimsby Town and York City in the 1950s and 1960s.
Their debut 7" was released in 2015 on Burger Records, and their debut LP released May 13, 2016 on the Ardent Music label.
They played their home games at Kansas City Municipal Stadium, former home of the Kansas City Chiefs, Kansas City Athletics, and Kansas City Royals.
A graduate of the Beijing Film Academy, Xie has also taught at his almamater as a vice- president of that institution.
McLachlan was born Duncan McLachlan in the early 1950s in South Africa.
Tüzolto Utca 25 is a 1973 Hungarian film directed by István Szabó.
He was also an active participant in the Welsh Wars and maintained for several years a private feud with the earl of Gloucester.
Princess Aditayadornkitikhun( born 5 May 1984), commonly known as Princess Dita, is the second daughter of Princess Chulabhorn Walailak and Virayudh Tishyasarin.
He competed in the team foil event at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
He died in January 1851, aged only 38.
The photograph on the cover was taken by May Pang in 1974.
In 2016, Albarn received the Ivor Novello Award for Lifetime Achievement from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors.
The album was released in 2002.
Tarcisio Fusco was an Italian composer of film scores.
Music for a Blue Train is a 48-minute 2003 documentary about busker musicians in the Montreal Metro subway train system.
He even assisted in rebuilding the cathedral he had destroyed.
She plays the violin, viola, musical saw, and keyboards.
Following the success of his show, Nye continued to advocate for science, becoming the CEO of the Planetary Society and helping develop sundials for the Mars Exploration Rover missions.
As the legitimate daughter of the king, she was a "fille de France".
The screenplay is by Lawrence Kasdan and George Lucas from a story by Lucas, who was also the executive producer.
The film was released in North America in 1978 under the title" Confessions of a Summer Camp Counsellor".
She is mentioned in one charter from 850/ 96, together with her family members.
He was educated at Harrow School and at Merton College, Oxford, where he graduated in 1891 with a BA and with an MA in 1896.
His film" The Eternal Tone"( 1943) about two brothers( a violinist and a violin maker) was considered" artistically valuable" by the Reichsfilmkammer.
Margaret's father became king, and her sister became heir presumptive, with Margaret second in line to the throne.
He founded the Stolberg- Gedern line of the House of Stolberg, which ended in 1804 when it became part of the line of Stolberg- Wernigerode.
Anthony was a second cousin of his father as they were both great- grandsons of George Grey, 2nd Earl of Kent.
The film was screened in the main competition section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival and in the Masters section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival.
He directed some of the best- known actors of the twentieth century, including his nephew Jackie Cooper, Spencer Tracy, Mickey Rooney, Judy Garland, Deanna Durbin, Fred Astaire, Gene Kelly, Deborah Kerr, Peter Lawford, Dean Martin, Jerry Lewis, and Elvis Presley.
This indication of his importance and his high rank may also indicate that by then the county of Monzón had already been created by Ramiro II for him.
Mithoon is well known for his composition of the famous Hindi song "
Anne's brother, John Egerton, Viscount Brackley, died at the age of 14.
Separated from his wife and son by the effects of the war, Andrew died in Monte Carlo in 1944.
He retired from the industry in 1979.
The film's box office performance was described as" dismal".
In 1962, Bennett recorded his signature song, "I Left My Heart in San Francisco".
He won the" German Documentary Film Prize" in 2009.
Safe Haven is a 2013 American romantic drama fantasy thriller film starring Julianne Hough, Josh Duhamel and Cobie Smulders.
By 2004," The New York Times" was referring to the original photograph as" A Great Day in Harlem".
Björk was included in "Time"'s 2015 list of the 100 most influential people in the world.
's 100 greatest singers and songwriters lists respectively.
In Chicago, he received acclaim for lead roles in Tennessee Williams'" The Glass Menagerie" and Sam Shepard's" Buried Child" at Shattered Globe Theatre.
The England maritime location for shooting was mainly the river Hamble.
In 1917 he starred with in the comedy" Harrison and Barrison", one of the most popular and best- known Hungarian films of the silent era.
He inherited the title Baron St John of Bletso on the death of his brother in 1887 without male heir to become the 17th Baron, and moved to Melchbourne Park, Bedfordshire.
Leofric( died 31 August or 30 September 1057) was an Earl of Mercia.
Princess Maria Carolina of Bourbon- Two Sicilies, Duchess of Castro( née Countess Maria Carolina Zamoyska)( 22 September 1896 in Kraków, Austria- Hungary – 9 May 1968 in Marseille, France) was the wife of Prince Ranieri, Duke of Castro, claimant to the headship of the House of Bourbon- Two Sicilies.
This film is not an entry of the Metro Manila Film Festival as other installments.
Having no son, he prepared his eldest daughter Jeanne as his successor.
True North is a 2006 Scottish drama film directed by Steve Hudson and starring Martin Compston, Peter Mullan, Gary Lewis and Steven Robertson as sailors aboard a Scottish fishing boat smuggling illegal immigrants from China into the United Kingdom.
Characteristics of his style include a keen sense for staging actors in three-dimensional space, dynamic use of location filming, and an attention to subtle, realistic details that highlight the humanity of his characters.
She is invoked for the healing ailments of the eyes.
He has presented numerous well- known television documentary series from the late 1970s to the present day.
He was nominated Archbishop of Cambrai by King Louis XVI on 28 January 1781, and received his bulls from Pope Pius VI dated 2 April 1781.
The pledge was first publicly recited on 1 July 2016 at Territory Day celebrations by Premier Dr. D. Orlando Smith and members of the government.
Anne Russell, Countess of Bedford (9 December 1615 – 10 May 1684), formerly Lady Anne Carr, was a wealthy English noblewoman, and the wife of William Russell, 5th Earl of Bedford, a peer and soldier during the English Civil War, who after her death was created Duke of Bedford.
Connie Chan Po-chu was born in 1947 to impoverished parents, one of at least nine siblings, in Guangdong, China.
He was captured by English forces after the fall of Tibbers Castle in 1306.
The film was released in the United States on September 28, 1990.
A colourised version of the film was released in 2011.
" Welcome to New York City" is the seventh track from Cam'ron's third album" Come Home with Me".
He travelled extensively across Europe, especially in Italy, where he lived for seven years in the cities of Venice, Ravenna and Pisa.
A Town South of Bakersfield was a series of three compilation CDs showcasing New Country musicians in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Georgie Abrams( November 11, 1918 – June 30, 1994) was an American boxer who came very close to winning the World Middleweight Championship in November 1941 against Tony Zale and was a top contender for the title in the early 1940s.
Gregory B. Penner( born December 18, 1969) is an American businessman and venture capitalist.
The film was released on September 6, 1925, by Film Booking Offices of America.
Clive Stafford( born 4 April 1963) is an English former professional footballer.
He was killed on the first day of the Battle of Bannockburn by Robert the Bruce.
Canta mi corazón(" My Heart Sings") is a 1965 Mexican film.
A directing credit was shared by Robert Altman and George W. George.
He made three sequels, which follow the lives of the Bockerers well into the 1960s, each depicting a crucial historical event in Austria or one of its neighbouring countries:
Linda Veras( born Sieglinda Veras in 1939) is a former Italian actress and glamour model.
Basil of Jerusalem was the Patriarch of Jerusalem of the Church of Jerusalem from 821 to 842.
He later transferred to the Art Department of Peking University.
This was Prem Nazir's 300th film and was an average hit.
He served in the Highland Light Infantry until 1867.
She entered the monastery of Nivelles, and she succeeded her aunt Saint Gertrude of Nivelles as abbess in 659 AD.
The proceeds of this song went towards fighting smoking bans.
It was produced by Harry Alan Towers for Udastex Films.
Rockefeller was a Republican who was often considered to be liberal, progressive, or moderate.
He realized how strange it could be for victims of a house fire to be emotionally dependent of insurance workers, which led to the inspiration for the project.
Heather Loeffler is a set decorator.
Günther Rittau is buried at the Waldfriedhof cemetery in Munich.
Hope, known as “ AJ ”( 1875 – 1960) was an architect and president of the Manchester Society of Architects( 1924).
Came Out of the Grave is an album by the band Balzac.
He eventually became chief executive officer.
It won the 64th National Film Award for Best Special Effects in 2017.
Vengeance of the Deep is a lost 1923 film directed by Barry Barringer and starring Ralph Lewis, Virginia Brown Faire and Richard Arlen.
Bernhard IV, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg( died 28 June 1354) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Bernburg.
The film was nominated for Golden Bear award at the 2005 Berlin Film Festival.
After Bragg charged that Breckinridge's drunkenness had contributed to defeats at Stone River and Missionary Ridge, and after Breckinridge joined many other high-ranking officers in criticizing Bragg, he was transferred to the Trans-Allegheny Department, where he won his most significant victory in the 1864 Battle of New Market.
In 302 BC, relations between Wei and Qin normalized, and King Xiang met King Zhaoxiang of Qin and Han Ying (crown prince of Han) at Linjin, in which Qin agreed to return Puban.
a.k.a.Bima Stagg, and Chuck Wein.
He was a son of Count Otto I of Guelders, and is sometimes called Gerard IV or Gerard V.
Abiathar Crescas was a 15th- century physician and astrologer from the Crown of Aragon( now part of Spain).
During his career, Chylow Parker has worked with well- known artists such as Large Professor, Onyx, Run- D.M.C., Biohazard, Queen, Ice Cube, Shaquille O' Neal, LL Cool J, Public Enemy and many others.
William I, Prince of Orange (24 April 1533 – 10 July 1584), also known as William the Silent or William the Taciturn (translated from), or more commonly known as William of Orange , was the main leader of the Dutch Revolt against the Spanish Habsburgs that set off the Eighty Years' War (1568–1648) and resulted in the formal independence of the United Provinces in 1581.
He commissioned architect Miguel Ventura Terra
However, his children predeceased him.
Joseph" Sonny"
He was awarded the Territorial Decoration.
The couple have twins and a younger son: Lord Mornington is the heir apparent to the Dukedom of Wellington( United Kingdom) and to the titles Prince of Waterloo( Netherlands), Duke of Victoria( Portugal), and Duke of Ciudad Rodrigo( Spain).
In other ways, his reign marks a departure and a watershed moment in Islamic history, with the creation of a new regime centred on the military, and particularly his Turkish guard.
They had five known children:
Albarn's other projects include two supergroups: The Good, the Bad & the Queen and Rocket Juice & the Moon, working with the non-profit organization Africa Express, which he co-founded, and composing film soundtracks.
Henry I of Jawor( – 15 May 1346), was a duke of Jawor- Lwówek- Świdnica- Ziębice during 1301 – 1312( with his brothers as co-rulers), sole Duke of Jawor- Lwówek since 1312 and Duke of Głogów since 1337 until his death.
PrimeStar was a U.S. direct broadcast satellite broadcasting company formed in 1991 by a consortium of cable television system operators( TCI Satellite Entertainment Group, Time Warner Cable, Cox Communications, Comcast and MediaOne) and GE Americom, the satellite arm of General Electric, collectively referred to as the" PrimeStar Partners".
In the 1949 federal election, he was re-elected at Laval then re-elected for successive terms in 1953 and 1957.
After the Restoration of the Stuarts he was made chaplain to Queen Catherine, with an apartment at St James's Palace and subsequently another at Somerset House, and with an allowance of £ 100 a year.
Her paternal grandparents were Trojden I of Masovia and his wife Maria, daughter of Yuri I of Galicia and Euphemia of Kuyavia.
He was born in New Brighton, Pennsylvania and died in Hollywood, California.
Prince Eugenio of Savoy, 5th Duke of Genoa
The song peaked at number 17 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart and reached number 21 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Peace was signed between the two brothers in 1430, and confirmed in 1437.
It follows the life and career of Portuguese professional footballer Cristiano Ronaldo.
His niece is the singer Claire Sproule.
She was the third daughter of Siemowit IV, Duke of Masovia and Alexandra, daughter of Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania and sister of King Władysław II Jagiełło of Poland, and thus a Polish princess member of the House of Piast in the Masovian branch.
Sofie Podlipská, née Rottová (15 May 1833 in Prague - 17 December 1897 in Prague) was a Czech writer and the sister of Karolina Světlá.
The movie is a remake of 1990 Malayalam film "In Harihar Nagar" written by Siddique-Lal which was already remade in Hindi in 1992 as "Parda Hai Parda" starring Chunky Pandey.
Dorothy Smoller( circa 1898- 9 December 1926) was an actress and dancer known for the 1919 film" Out of the fog".
From 1982 to 1993 he was the director of Sogn Folk Museum, from 1993 to 2010 he was the director of Maihaugen and from 2001 he has been the director of the Norwegian Museum of Cultural History.
La Casa del Terror is a Mexican Monster movie starring Lon Chaney Jr. and Mexican comedian Tin Tan.
The album was released on 5 October 2018 through Gofod Records in the United Kingdom and Roll Call Records in the United States.
A renowned character actor, he also wrote for the stage, including material for Broadway revues, in which he also appeared.
James Hanlon( born 1966) is known as an actor and director; he also served as a New York City firefighter.
Soon after," A Great Day in Philadelphia" included musicians such as Jimmy Heath, Benny Golson and Ray Bryant.
Ela Gandhi( born 1 July 1940), granddaughter of Mahatma Gandhi, is a peace activist and was a Member of Parliament in South Africa from 1994 to 2004, where she aligned with the African National Congress( ANC) party representing the Phoenix area of Inanda in the KwaZulu- Natal province.
He was given the Igric Award for Lifetime Achievement in 1994, and in 2004 he was awarded the Prize of the Slovak Minister of Culture for Extraordinary Creative Contribution to Slovak Cinema.
Based on the novel" The Double" by Fyodor Dostoyevsky, it entered the 29th Venice Film Festival and the Quinzaine des Réalisateurs section at the 22nd Cannes Film Festival.
He received two nominations for the Academy Award for Best Actor, winning one, the first black actor to win that award.
Erik Toralf Solem( 23 August 1877 – 15 July 1949) was a Norwegian judge.
He offset this, however, by becoming an illicit abortionist.
Like the novel, the film is a plea for better conditions in English hospitals – and, more specifically, for better treatment of England's selfless nurses.
He is the nephew of the film director Veit Harlan.
She was a first cousin of Nicholas II of Russia and George V of the United Kingdom.
St John was the eldest son of John St John, 11th Baron St John of Bletso and his wife Elizabeth Crowley, daughter of Sir Ambrose Crowley of Greenwich.
Siete Mujeres) is a 1944 Argentine drama film directed by Benito Perojo and starring Olga Casares Pearson, Carlos Lagrotta and Silvia Legrand.
Legend of Love( also known as" Paolo and Francesca") is a 1950 Italian historical melodrama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Odile Versois and Armando Francioli.
The film was able to do well and was an Average at the box office.
The Smell of Quinces is a 1982 Yugoslav drama film directed by Mirza Idrizović.
Museo Civico Ala Ponzone is a public museum and art gallery located in the 16th-century Palazzo Affaitati in Cremona, Italy.
He was invested as a Privy Councillor of Scotland in 1698 and held the office of Sheriff of Forfar in 1702.
Hope he considered making him a partner.
Pem- Air operated regularly scheduled air service between Pembroke Airport and Toronto for 31 years; ending its scheduled operation in December, 2000.
Andrew Victor McLaglen( July 28, 1920 – August 30, 2014) was a British- born American film and television director, known for Westerns and adventure films, often starring John Wayne or James Stewart.
The main female role was played by Larisa Guzeyeva, for whom this was a cinematic debut.
Frederick of Montbéliard or Frederick of Mömpelgard( died 29 June 1091) was from a noble family in Lotharingia.
William Dieterle( July 15, 1893 – December 9, 1972) was a German- American actor and film director, who emigrated to the United States in 1930 to leave a worsening political situation.
He later became a drama and film critic for the "Jewish Tribune" until the early 1920s, when he went to Hollywood to become a reader for Samuel Goldwyn.
Allen Sapp, OC, SOM( January 2, 1928 – December 29, 2015) was a Canadian Cree painter, who resided in North Battleford, Saskatchewan.
They had eight sons and seven daughters:
She was the widow of Howard Baker Sr. and the stepmother of Howard Baker Jr.
The Inevitable Defeat of Mister and Pete is a 2013 American drama film directed by George Tillman, Jr. and written by Michael Starrbury.
The film received mixed to negative reviews and was a box office bomb.
Soon after the decisive Yorkist victory at the Battle of Towton in 1461, Herbert replaced Jasper Tudor as Earl of Pembroke which gave him control of Pembroke Castle.
An autodidact and passionate debater, Scullin would join the Australian Labor Party in 1903, beginning a career spanning five decades.
When he died sometime after 1642, two succeeded him as patroons of Rensselaerswyck.
He directed films such as Adiós pampa mía in 1946.
From 1979 until his death in 2018, he was married to screenwriter Clare Peploe.
Based on a story by Harry Hervey, the film is about two playboys trying to forget previous romances in the Colony of Singapore, where they meet a beautiful woman.
The baronies of Murray and Glenlyon and earldom of Strange became extinct.
He was a weak ruler, however, and Damascus came under the influence of Nur ad- Din Zangi, emir of Aleppo and Mosul, who had imposed his dominance over the city in the aftermath of the Second Crusade.
The Brad is a right tributary of the river Crișul Alb in Romania.
The General German Biography (ADB) describes him as a noble, philanthropic character and lover of the arts and sciences.
Ismael Rodríguez (October 19, 1917 – August 7, 2004) was a Mexican film director.
Maria Amalia of Brandenburg- Schwedt( 26 November 1670 in Cölln – 17 November 1739 at Bertholdsburg Castle in Schleusingen) was a princess from the Brandenburg- Schwedt line of the House of Hohenzollern and by marriage a Duchess of Saxe- Zeitz.
Reinald died near Arnhem on 25 June 1423 and was buried at Kloster Monkhuizen.
His parents were Philip William, Margrave of Brandenburg- Schwedt, and Princess Johanna Charlotte of Anhalt- Dessau.
Dags is a 1998 Australian comedy film centring on the adventures of a group of friends.
One of Téchiné's trademarks is the lyrical examination of human relations in a sensitive but unsentimental way, as can be seen in his most acclaimed films: "
During the early years of circulation of the" Principia Discordia", rumors claimed that the author of the book was Richard Nixon, Timothy Leary, or Robert Anton Wilson; or that the book and Malaclypse the Younger were both fictional inventions of Robert Anton Wilson, as with Abdul Alhazred's" Necronomicon".
The sets were designed by the art directors Hertha Hareiter, Leo Metzenbauer and Otto Pischinger
Class Reunion is a 1982 black comedy film produced by" National Lampoon" as the third film from the magazine.
The intimate diary of a nymphomaniac").
She is a daughter of Princess Ubolratana Rajakanya (the King's eldest daughter) and her American former husband Peter Ladd Jensen.
The others are St Anselm's College, St John Plessington Catholic College and Upton Hall School FCJ.
It s length is and its basin size is.
Louise Françoise de Bourbon, "Légitimée de France" (1 June 1673 – 16 June 1743) was the eldest surviving legitimised daughter of Louis XIV of France and his maîtresse-en-titre, Madame de Montespan.
Dahlkvist made her Sweden women's national football team debut in 2008 and has accrued more than 130 caps.
As was the case with the original, filming was done in the Crimea, not in the North Caucasus.
He was also a landowner, owning Nedre Skøyen farm and a lot of land in Enebakk.
It is national secondary school, a government school in which Malay is the main medium of instruction.
The Senior Secondary School has classes from L.K.G to XII.
Face of Love, Faces of Love, The Face of Love, etc., may refer to:
Louis of Lower Lorraine (975×9801023), Frankish royalty and a member of the Carolingian dynasty, was a younger son of Charles, Duke of Lower Lorraine, through his second wife, Adelaide.
Walo was married to Humberge of Le Puiset, a sister of Everard of Le Puiset, both from the prominent Île- de- France family of Hugh I of Le Puiset.
His contemporary Carl Schurz described Seward as "one of those spirits who sometimes will go ahead of public opinion instead of tamely following its footprints".
In 1998, the film was featured on an episode of" Mystery Science Theater 3000".
The screenplay by Henrietta and Jessica Ashworth is based on the 2009 novel of the same name by Fiona Shaw.
Elizabeth Stafford( c. 1479 – 11 May 1532) was an English noblewoman.
The film's strong anti-fascist message, the moving dialogue, and performances by the" crème de la crème" of Austrian actors and actresses( Ida Krottendorf, Alfred Böhm, Heinz Marecek, Hans Holt, Dolores Schmidinger and many more) made" Der Bockerer" an unusually successful film and gave new impetus to Antel's career.
Raagam Thaanam Pallavi is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. T. Abu.
John Adams( 1672 or 1673 – 1745) was an American- born Canadian merchant and member of the Nova Scotia Council.
He appeared in 42 films and television shows between 1949 and 1987.
He directed over thirty films between 1959 and 2007.
The film presents an Englishwoman's two encounters with a vampire.
It was shot at the Barrandov Studios in German-occupied Prague as well as at the Babelsberg Studio near Berlin.
The film was released worldwide on 23 June 2006 at a budget of 400 million and on 1000 prints, both near- record amounts for an Indian film at the time.
The screenplay, written by Pamela Marin and Kevin Cook, is based on Cook's 2007 book," Tommy's Honor: The Story of Old Tom Morris and Young Tom Morris, Golf's Founding Father and Son".
d. January 22, 906),
It was released on March 3, 2017, by Bleecker Street.
He was a primary force behind the creation of the bossa nova style, and his songs have been performed by many singers and instrumentalists within Brazil and internationally.
In 1682 he was debarred by an Act of Parliament from succeeding to his brother's earldom and estates.
He married Veronica Mary Bolton in 1976.
His and Joan's only child, a daughter named Maria, died childless, and their counties eventually passed to Joan's younger sister, Margaret II.
Among his best-known works are the lengthy narrative poems "Don Juan" and "Childe Harold's Pilgrimage"; many of his shorter lyrics in "Hebrew Melodies" also became popular.
It was shot at the Epinay and Neuilly Studios in Paris.
She met Calvin Coolidge in 1904, and the two were married the following year.
Libertarian Party founder David Nolan created the pledge in 1971.
The Merry Widow( originally Die lustige Witwe) is a 1962 Austrian/ French musical film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Peter Alexander, Karin Hübner and Gunther Philipp.
He was born at 6 Hans Crescent, London SW1 and educated at St. Aubyns Preparatory School, Rottingdean and Gresham's School, Holt.
Name the Man is a surviving 1924 American silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström and starring Mae Busch.
He was later reinstated to the position when William III came to the throne and James II was forced into exile.
He made his international debut in a World Cup qualifying match against El Salvador, resulting in a lopsided match, losing 12- 0 in February 2008, and also played in the 4 – 0 loss to the same country in the return match in March 2008.
Facing Sudan is a documentary film released in 2007.
The actors' own names, along with much of their real- life stories, were used for their characters in both films, which features graphic sexual scenes.
Many of his songs are among the most popular sing-along songs in Sweden, such as "Oh boy
" Antonia's Line" was made after challenges in finding locations and funding in the 1980s and 1990s.
He is most famous for setting the agenda of British colonial, foreign, tariff and municipal policies, and for deeply splitting both major political parties.
" The Road to Jenin" was produced to counter the Palestinian narrative in relation to the" Battle of Jenin", a clash between the Israeli army and Palestinian militants in April 2002 which drew Palestinian accounts of a" Jenin Massacre".
Charles made war on Hugh, even taking Rheims and Laon.
It was O'Sullivan's second film role.
Gabra Masqal II) was Emperor of Ethiopia ("nəguśa nagaśt")
He was the son and successor of Frederick II and Agnes of Bar.
( The first two parts of the trilogy are" Pather Panchali" and" Aparajito".)
The other current books in the" What is?" series include
Their force was overwhelmed and all three leaders were captured, badly wounded.
Let's Make Music is a 1941 musical starring Bob Crosby and written by Nathanael West.
Thereafter, the claim to the Kingdom of Jerusalem frequently changed hands, being passed down by testament or conquest rather than by direct inheritance.
( See 1958 in music for more context.)
Russell Albion Meyer( March 21, 1922 – September 18, 2004) was an American film director, producer, screenwriter, cinematographer, film editor, actor, and photographer.
Priscilla Marie Pointer( born May 18, 1924) is an American stage, film and television character actress.
The Adventures of Smilin' Jack( 1943) is a Universal movie serial based on the comic strip" The Adventures of Smilin' Jack".
She is the granddaughter of Princess Margaret and the 1st Earl of Snowdon.
He also served as the vice-chancellor of Sylhet International University from 2001 to 2011.
After his father, he was Count of Harcourt and Count of Aumale( as" John VI").
Another contributor was Jon Kirk who then went on to establish" Chalk", a rock- climbing magazine.
He is best known for his role as Starker in and Colonel Glover in" The Return of the Living Dead" and" Return of the Living Dead Part II".
Her daughter Swanandi Tikekar who is in her mid-twenties dabbles in acting as well.
It was produced by Nazimova, Richard A. Rowland and Maxwell Karger with distribution through Metro Pictures.
His father is not mentioned after 929, but the date of his death is unknown.
Hans Schweikart (1 October 1895 – 1 December 1975) was a German film director, actor and screenwriter.
The Israel Defense Forces 460th “ Bnei Or ”/ ” Sons of Light ” Armor Brigade is the training formation for Israel's Armored Forces.
Thereafter, Ranulf allied himself to Matilda to further his cause.
City of Strangers may refer to:
His other credits include collaborating the Donald Brittain on the narration for" Helicopter Canada".
After his release the following year, he was not allowed to return to his country.
Herzog entered politics in the 1981 elections, winning a Knesset seat as a member of the Alignment.
It was founded and owned by Howard Thompson, who designed the company's first game," Stellar Conquest".
The film was Canada's office centennial film.
Heroes of the Saddle is a 1940 American Western" Three Mesquiteers" B-movie directed by William Witney.
In October of that same year, the Foundling Hospital received its royal charter, a charity for which Berkeley was a founding governor.
Claude Barry( 16 December 1883- 25 October 1970), later calling himself Francis Barry, was a British etcher and painter in oils who often used a pointillist style or a limited palette of flat colours.
Night Caller from Outer Space, also known as simply The Night Caller or Blood Beast from Outer Space, is a British 1965 science fiction film directed by John Gilling.
He also won Golden Globe, Cannes, Berlinale, BAFTA, Cesar, David di Donatello, European Film Academy, and Czech Lion awards.
She co-wrote the song with its producers Dr. Luke and Benny Blanco.
He pre-deceased his father and was buried in the crypt of Bad Homburg Castle.
He became East German champion in 1976 representing the sports club SC Chemie Halle.
She married Arnold IV, Count of Loon, son of Gerard III, Count of Rieneck, and Kunigunde von Zimmern,
Cleopatra bore Herod two sons who were:
James Graham, 2nd Marquess of Montrose( – February 1669) was a Scottish nobleman and judge, surnamed the" Good" Marquess.
Archie Pitt (1882 – November 12, 1940) was a British music hall performer, showman and talent agent.
In 2008, Egoyan received the Dan David Prize for" Creative Rendering of the Past".
He married before January 1485 Dona Francisca Alvarez de Toledo, daughter of García Álvarez de Toledo, 1st Duke of Alba and sister of his first stepmother, and among two other sons and two other daughters he had the oldest daughter Dona Mencía de la Cueva y Alvarez de Toledo, who married as his second wife Don Pedro Fajardo y Chacón Manrique de Lara, 1st Marquess of los Vélez.
Open Access closed on 3 December 2009, after its Sky EPG slot of channel 883 was purchased by Renault TV.
When Dietrich fell in battle in 1398, he was succeeded as Count of Mark by his elder brother Adolf.
The school is managed by St Mary ’s Educational and cultural society Thiruvalla.
He was imprisoned in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
Hanns Schwarz was an Austrian film director.
When his father was captured by the Normans and held, both his sons were demanded as ransom for his release.
He served as prior and doctor of the Sorbonne and provost of the church of Strasbourg.
Her brother Luis Arroyo( 1915 – 1956) was also an actor and film director.
Mohanlal plays Valiyakaththu Moosa, in three stages of his life, between the ages of 35 and 80.
To transform Burma into a developed nation and superpower among ASEAN by 2030 is the ultimate purpose or target of General Thura Shwe Mannn and UBP.
It is based on" Insatiable- The Sexual Adventures of a French Girl in Spain", the best- selling memoir of French author Valérie Tasso.
Arye Gross stars as Henry Hart, a successful gay artist from New York City who returns to his rural hometown in Montana to care for his ailing grandfather.
In 1279 she married Duke of Masovia Bolesław II( c. 1254–1313) of the Piast dynasty.
Frederick II, Duke of Legnica( 12 February 1480 – 17 September 1547), also known as the Great of Legnica, was a Duke of Legnica from 1488( until 1495 and 1505 with his brothers), of Brzeg from 1521.
She was the wife of Louis Armand II de Bourbon," Prince of Conti".
In 2009 Poitier was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the United States' highest civilian honor.
The Kansas City Spurs were an American professional soccer team who played in the North American Soccer League, based in Kansas City, Missouri.
Ektemann alene  is a 1956 Norwegian comedy film written and directed by Nils R. Müller, starring Lars Nordrum, Eva Strøm Aastorp and Karen Randers-Pehrson.
Mill served as executive producer on the series.
Samuel Donald Hartman (18 November 1900, New York - 23 March 1958, Palm Springs, California) was an American screenwriter and director.
He was the husband of author Anne Rice.
The film was a commercial and critical success internationally, winning the Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film in addition to the Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film and the BAFTA Awards for Best Film Not in the English Language and Best Direction( Almodóvar).
Some of his best known works include the silkscreen paintings "Campbell's Soup Cans" (1962) and "Marilyn Diptych" (1962), the experimental film "Chelsea Girls" (1966), and the multimedia events known as the "Exploding Plastic Inevitable" (1966–67).
A niece by marriage of Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom, from 1956 to 1962 she was married to Prince Andrew of Yugoslavia, a son of Alexander I of Yugoslavia.
A 2009 article in "The Economist" described Warhol as the "bellwether of the art market".
She was born in Youngstown, Ohio and died in Gstaad, Switzerland, in 2009.
In" Secret of the Tomb", security guard Larry Daley must travel to London to return the tablet of Ahkmenrah, an Egyptian artifact which causes the exhibits to come to life, before the magic disappears.
The title refers to a luxury Hispano- Suiza car.
He is the twin brother of Cristián Álvarez and son of Luis Hernán Álvarez, legendary scorer of Chilean giants Colo- Colo.
After leaving the show she appeared in a handful of television guest spots, plays and films, including the 1997 comedy" Welcome to Woop Woop", and was known for her appearances as Lady Luck on the variety programme" The Footy Show" before returning to regular television in the police procedural" Water Rats", where she portrayed Detective Senior Constable Alex St. Clare from 1999 to 2001.
23 May 1624 – 1 November 1686) was an English gentleman who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1679.
However, he owned a number of counties: Nassau- Dillenburg, Nassau- Siegen, Nassau- Dietz and Vianden.
Björk's ninth studio album, "Utopia", was released in November 2017 through One Little Indian Records.
He married (first) before Trinity term 1410
The film stars Srividya, Sankaradi, Janardanan and Kuthiravattam Pappu in the lead roles.
It was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Gittoes ’ work has consistently expressed his social, political and humanitarian concern at the effects of injustice and conflict.
Open-access repositories, such as an institutional repository or disciplinary repository, provide free access to research for users outside the institutional community and are one of the recommended ways to achieve the open access vision described in the Budapest Open Access Initiative definition of open access.
He played in the 2007 U.S. Open at the age of sixteen.
He is best known for the two musicals he directed in the mid-1960s:" The Umbrellas of Cherbourg"( 1964) and" The Young Girls of Rochefort"( 1967).
It was recorded in tribute to jazz vocalist Billie Holiday, who died later that year.
When Adolf Hitler invaded Poland, the UK declared war on Germany on 3 September 1939, and Chamberlain led Britain through the first eight months of the Second World War.
The film was directed by Tod Browning and features Priscilla Dean, Wallace Beery and Anna May Wong.
The artwork was designed by longtime band collaborator Jason Galea.
St. Mary's Residential Central School in Kollam, India, was started in 1987.
One of his best known art works is a seven- minute- long video entitled" If I was n't muslim"( 2005).
April 1734 – 23 September 1763) was second wife of Sadashivrao Bhau.
Golden Boot or Golden Shoe may refer to:
The film was released to theaters on October 4, 2013 by Lionsgate Films and Roadside Attractions.
Alongside Lydia Stephens-Oketch and Elizabeth Chesire
The annual Filmfestival Max Ophüls Preis in Saarbrücken is named after him.
Marie Louise of Hesse-Kassel (7 February 1688 – 9 April 1765) was a Dutch regent, Princess of Orange by marriage to John William Friso, Prince of Orange, and regent of the Netherlands during the minority of her son and her grandson.
James Cagney and Joan Crawford won their only Academy Awards under Curtiz's direction.
This place is often used in legal documents, together with name and date of birth, to uniquely identify a person.
St John was born at Melchbourne, the second son of St Andrew St John, 15th Baron St John of Bletso and his wife Eleanor Hussey.
Philo Vance's Secret Mission is a 1947 American mystery film directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Alan Curtis, Sheila Ryan and Tala Birell.
Toward the end of his junior year of college, he was selected by the Houston Astros with the second pick in the first round of the 2015 MLB draft.
She was the only child of Konrad IX the Black, Duke of Oleśnica by his wife Margareta, daughter of Duke Siemowit V of Rawa.
Between 1833 and 1849 he held the office of Representative peer of Scotland.
After the fall of the monarchy in February 1917, she fled Russia, eventually settling in the United Kingdom.
Leaving his command in Gaul meant losing his immunity from being charged as a criminal for waging unsanctioned wars.
My Daughter, the Socialist is a 1966 Greek comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios.
It stars Rudd as Scott Lang/ Ant- Man, alongside Evangeline Lilly, Corey Stoll, Bobby Cannavale, Michael Peña, Tip" T.I." Harris, Anthony Mackie, Wood Harris, Judy Greer, David Dastmalchian, and Michael Douglas as Hank Pym.
It stars Marsha Hunt and Richard Carlson.
" Like Minds" was retitled" Murderous Intent" for its 2007 U.S. DVD release.
She was named for her paternal aunt, Princess Thyra of Denmark.
Easy to Make Money, originally titled It's Easy to Make Money is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Edwin Carewe.
This is the seventh installment from its series" Shake, Rattle& Roll".
As the eldest daughter of Ramon Berenguer IV, Count of Barcelona and his wife, Queen Petronila of Aragon, she was the sister of the future King Alfonso II of Aragon.
The magazine was based in Carlton, Victoria.
(b. 1488/96 - d. 17 November 1524), was a Duke of Cieszyn since 1518 until his death (as co-ruler of his father).
Her fourth studio album, "Queen", was released in 2018.
Victor Man( born 1974) is a Romanian- born artist and painter.
He participated in the Fifth Crusade to the Holy Land in 1217–1218, but the crusade was a failure.
The plot of the third film adaptation was changed greatly compared to the first two film adaptations.
Joan FitzAlan, Countess of Hereford, Countess of Essex and Countess of Northampton( 1347 – 7 April 1419) was the wife of the 7th Earl of Hereford, 6th Earl of Essex and 2nd Earl of Northampton.
Boot or boots may also refer to:
Joni Mitchell added lyrics to the song for her 1979 album "Mingus", recorded in collaboration with Mingus during the months before his death.
Apart from select excerpts used in the 2009 documentary" When You're Strange", the complete 35 mm movie has yet to be released commercially.
Nicknamed "The Black Duke", he was a military officer who led the Black Brunswickers against French domination in Germany.
"You Changed Me" is a song by American recording artist Jamie Foxx featuring Chris Brown.
In Search Of is a 2008 drama film written and directed by James C. Zelker and produced by the company Independent Dream Machine.
Nigel Hutchinson died at his home in Picton, on 23 March 2017, at the age of 75.
Guaire ruled at the height of Ui Fiachrach Aidne power in south Connacht.
The pledge reads: Adoption of the pledge was a project of Myron Walwyn, the territory's Minister for Education and Culture.
Sjöström worked primarily in the silent era; his best known films include "The Phantom Carriage" (1921), "He Who Gets Slapped" (1924), and "The Wind" (1928).
He was promoted to the cabinet as First Lord of the Admiralty by the Whigs in 1699.
He was elected a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2000, and a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2004.
Riding in the vanguard of heavy cavalry, de Bohun caught sight of the Scottish king who was mounted on a small palfrey"( ane gay palfray Li till and joly)" armed only with a battle- axe.
The Blue Train is the Turkish State Railways premier passenger train service started in the 1980s.
Together with Hook N Sling( a.k.a. Anthony Maniscalco), he was nominated for the 2007 ARIA Award for Best Dance Release for their single," The Bump".
Lin became instrumental in creating the foundations for Mao Zedong's cult of personality in the early 1960s, and was rewarded for his service in the Cultural Revolution by being named Mao's designated successor as the sole Vice Chairman of the Communist Party of China, from 1966 until his death.
Princess Junshi (珣子内親王, or, Shin-Muromachi-in, 新室町院; 1311–1337) was a Japanese Princess and an Empress consort ("Chūgū") of Emperor Go-Daigo of Japan.
Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the sequel to 2015's" Ant- Man" and the twentieth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe( MCU).
Butse Kik"buche cake) is a play on the title "Baby Cakes".
Abrams was inducted into the World Boxing Hall of Fame in 2005.
Country Code:+ 247< br> International Call Prefix: 00 Ascension Island does not share the same country code( +290) with the rest of St Helena.
The film portrays a surrealist world that Felicien, the protagonist played by Didier Bourdon, must navigate through as he seeks to learn what has become of his deceased father ’s fortune.
The Trouble with Men and Women is a 2005 film written and directed by Tony Fisher and starring Joseph McFadden and Kate Ashfield.
The pledge is recited at flag ceremonies immediately before the South Korean national anthem.
In 2002, he was indicted on 13 counts of child pornography, but was acquitted of all charges in 2008.
Ben F. Wilson( July 7, 1876 – August 25, 1930), was an American stage and film actor, director, producer and screenwriter of the silent era.
One Day in Europe is a 2005 film directed by Hannes Stöhr.
Tremors 2:
Roy London was Fenn and Stone's acting coach.
He was the 644th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
In 1350, with encouragement from his mother, Edward began a devastating civil war against his brother Rainald III for control of the Duchy of Guelders.
Child of Manhattan is a 1933 American pre-Code melodrama film based on the play" Child of Manhattan" by Preston Sturges, which was presented on Broadway in 1932.
He was enfeoffed with the Duchy of Spoleto (1057) by Pope Stephen IX, his brother.
Isobel is the Scottish variant of Isabel, a feminine given name.
He promoted a collection of personalities known as Warhol superstars, and is credited with inspiring the widely used expression "15 minutes of fame.
Henry Hathaway( March 13, 1898 – February 11, 1985) was an American film director and producer.
Gorillaz are cited by the "Guinness Book of World Records" as the "Most Successful Virtual Band".
He arrived in Australia in 1963 after first living in Nigeria, Africa.
Karl of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (30 September 1813 at Gottorp in Schleswig, Duchy of Schleswig – 24 October 1878 at Luisenlund, Glücksburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Prussia) was the second Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg.
Gülbahar Hatun( 1432 – 1492) was the consort of Sultan Mehmed II, and mother of Sultan Bayezid II of the Ottoman Empire and the grandmother of Selim I.
Augusta Mary Minna Catherine Lyons)
He was known as a pioneer of developmental- genetic studies of early neurogenesis.
Ian Barry is an Australian director of film and TV.
" Where Was I?" may refer to:
Archduchess Maria Elisabeth of Austria( Full name( German):" Maria Elisabeth Amalia Antonia Josefa Gabriele Johanna Agathe"; 5 February 1737 – 7 June 1740), was the eldest child and daughter of Archduchess Maria Theresa of Austria, later Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and Duke Francis of Lorraine, later Francis I, Holy Roman Emperor.
She is a film director, and an Israeli culture entrepreneur.
As a result, the newly appointed Bishop Frederick suffered open animosity from
Howard Winchel Koch( April 11, 1916 – February 16, 2001) was an American producer and director of film and television.
The film was based on the novel" The Dead Heart" by Douglas Kennedy.
The soundtrack album was composed by Laxmikant- Pyarelal and the lyrics were written by Anand Bakshi.
Marianus was 14 years old in 1392 when his mother promulgated the Carta de Logu
She was the daughter of Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont, and Countess Palatine Christiane Henriette of Zweibrücken- Birkenfeld.
Ampanihy Airport is an airport located in Ampanihy, Madagascar.
He lived openly as a gay man before the gay liberation movement.
Although released before the series  began, the film was a compilation of the first five episodes with minor edits made.
Penner was named the chairman of Walmart on June 5, 2015.
The estates which comprised Joan's large dowry made her one of the principal landowners in Essex, where she exercised lordship, acting as arbitrator and feoffee in property transactions.
The Greater Glory is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Curt Rehfeld.
Al- Fadl ibn Marwan( ca. 774–864) was a Christian Arab official of the Abbasid Caliphate, who rose to become vizier under Caliph al- Mu'tasim( reigned 833 – 842).
Margaret Stafford( born c. 1364; died 9 June 1396) was the daughter of Hugh de Stafford, 2nd Earl of Stafford, and Philippa de Beauchamp.
As there was no primogeniture in Stolberg, his sons jointly inherited the county when Henry Ernest died in 1672.
Clinton Eastwood Jr.( born May 31, 1930) is an American actor, filmmaker, musician, and politician.
The film is about French Army officer Henri Rochard( Grant) who must pass as a war bride in order to go back to the United States with Women's Army Corps officer Catherine Gates( Sheridan).
Prince Aloys Franz de Paula Maria( 18 November 1846 – 25 March 1920), known in English as Prince Louis, was the son of Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein( 1802 – 1887) and younger brother of Prince Alfred of Liechtenstein.
Vincenzo became Duke of Guastalla in 1692.
He began working for Universal Pictures and specialized in western and action films.
The film was loosely based on a German play by Alexander Engels.
In recent years his work has especially centred on the Middle East, with repeated visits to Israel and Palestine, Iraq, and Afghanistan.
The list of Broadway luminaries also playing themselves, in smaller cameos, includes Ethel Barrymore, Lionel Barrymore( in his last film), Shirley Booth, Louis Calhern, Faye Emerson, Rex Harrison, Helen Hayes, Mary Martin, Lilli Palmer, John Van Druten and Cornel Wilde.
A made-for-television remake "Holiday Affair" was produced in 1996.
The film is based on the web-novel, "Lost on a Red Mini Bus to Taipo" by the 25-year-old Hong Kong writer
It is based on the children's novel of the same name by Katherine Paterson.
He was controversial through his political and peace activism.
My Cousin from Warsaw is a 1931 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Liane Haid, Tala Birell and Fritz Schulz.
He was the son of Ziemowit I, Prince of Masovia, and Pereyaslava, daughter of Daniel of Galicia of the Rurik dynasty.
The bride and her father are shown entering the car, and the bride and groom leaving the church, posing for the camera.
On 1 April 1391, Brancaleone marched on Castel di Cagliari and, on 16 August, occupied Sassari and Osilo with his son Marianus.
Carl Boese( 26 August 1887 – 6 July 1958) was a German film director, screenwriter and producer.
Lord Edmund Howard( – 19 March 1539) was the third son of Thomas Howard, 2nd Duke of Norfolk, and his first wife, Elizabeth Tilney.
He was generally highly revered by the people in Thailand – many even saw him as close to divine.
The University of Arkansas at Little Rock( UA Little Rock) is a public research university in Little Rock, Arkansas.
At the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, he finished fourth in the 3,000 metres steeplechase.
James Henry Scullin (18 September 1876 – 28 January 1953) was an Australian Labor Party politician and the ninth Prime Minister of Australia.
She served in that role for 42 years from 1725 until her death in 1768, the longest service of any queen of France, and was popular due to her generosity and piety.
He was the stepfather of Prince Albert and grandfather of Hans Poelzig.
After discontinuing his engineering studies to pursue his passion and become a director, he enrolled at a film academy and attended courses and workshops, besides participating in short film contests.
Like many junior members of royal families, Archduke Joseph Karl entered the military.
" Wenrich and Connolly toured together for many years.
Stewart- Murray was the fourth and youngest son of John Stewart- Murray, 7th Duke of Atholl, and Louisa Moncreiffe, daughter of Thomas Moncreiffe of that Ilk, 7th Baronet.
On April 27, 862 both brothers, al- Mu'ayyad and al- Mu'tazz, wrote a statement of abdication.
In retirement he became an award- winning, renowned still photographer.
Alfonso de Aragón y Foix (1332 - Gandia, 5 March 1412) also called Alfonso I of Gandía "the old" and Alfonso IV of Ribagorza, was the eldest son of Count Pedro de Aragón y Anjou (Pedro IV of Ribagorza) and Juana of Foix.
It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.
She was the only child of Przemysław II, Duke of Cieszyn by his wife Anna, daughter of Duke Bolesław IV of Warsaw.
During his reign the duchies of Guelders and Jülich were temporarily unified.
A NAACP Image Award recipient for her work with singer Eric Benét, Tamia is a six-time Grammy Award nominee and has been nominated for numerous other awards and accolades, including a Soul Train Music Award, a Source Award and four Juno Awards.
Koidu Girls Secondary School was founded in 1952 to educate the girls in Koidu Town.
Chitra Shenoy is a well known Indian actress in South Indian movies.
So Tae- Song( born 1990?) is a North Korean footballer who plays as a forward.
According to contemporary sources, she was a good and faithful wife, in spite of her husband's infidelity; and, forewarned of the attempt on his life, she endeavoured in vain to prevent his murder.
His daughters Cristina and Francesca are both film directors.
She has been inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
He is best known for starring on the radio series" Dr. Christian"( 1937 – 1954) and in the film" Heidi"( 1937).
The buildings occupy a triangular lot at the corner of Blue Hill Avenue and Calder Street.
Notable contributors include: Micah Nathan, Jenna Blum, Anne Panning, Sheila Bender, and Deborah A. Miranda.
The Buildings at 825-829 Blue Hill Avenue are historic apartment buildings in the Mattapan neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
Emperor Zhaozong of Tang
Executive producer and co-writer George Lucas made the film a prequel as he did not want the Nazis to be the villains again.
The name of "Roehenstart" given to him in infancy combined the names of both of his parents, Rohan and Stuart, while failing to proclaim their identity, which at the time would have been a cause for scandal.
He succeeded also to the titles of 10th Lord Ogilvy of Airlie and 4th Lord Ogilvy of Alith and Lintrathen.
He is the younger brother of the director Luigi Bazzoni and the cousin of Academy Award winner Vittorio Storaro.
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi: Ewok Adventure, also known as Revenge of the Jedi: Game I, is a cancelled 1983 shoot' em up video game based on the 1983" Star Wars" film" Return of the Jedi".
William de Brus thus succeeded his father when the latter died in 1194.
Murphy was also at different times a scriptwriter, special effects technician, schoolteacher and trumpet player.
In 2012, she was ranked second on VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Women in Music.
He was the son of Count Albert II and Regelinde of Verdun.
Virtually nothing is known about his reign.
It received wide critical acclaim, with much praise for its story, direction, cast, cinematography, and score.
In 2005, he closed down all rural libraries and hospitals outside of the capital city Ashgabat, in a country where at that time more than half the population lived in rural areas, once stating that, "If people are ill, they can come to Ashgabat."
Amalie Therese Louise Wilhelmina Philippine of Württemberg (28 June 1799 – 28 November 1848) was a Duchess of Württemberg and an ancestor of Greek, Romanian, Yugoslavian and Spanish Royal Families.
Drake co-wrote the song with its producers No I.D., Noah "40" Shebib, and The 25th Hour.
An associated work by the same director is the documentary film "Rembrandt's J'Accuse" (2008), in which Greenaway addresses 34 "mysteries" associated with the painting, illustrated by scenes from the drama.
It was also released as a deluxe edition with an additional disc of bonus material.
Ray received many major awards in his career, including 32 Indian National Film Awards, a Golden Lion, a Golden Bear, 2 Silver Bears, a number of additional awards at international film festivals and award ceremonies, and an Academy Honorary Award in 1992.
is a lost 1923 American silent society drama film produced by Daniel Carson Goodman and distributed through Equity Pictures.
It was also entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
Cowley later focused on their Film Facilities rental division, while Nigel Hutchinson directed and produced television commercials.
Jacques Décombe is a French author, actor and director born in 1953.
In addition she was a Zionist who played an important role in the foundation of the modern State of Israel.
It's Oz, seen through the eyes of Raymond Chandler.
" Les Lignages d’ Outremer" identified Balian[ Barisan] as the brother of a Count Guilduin of Chartres.
He was known also as Kardam of Bulgaria and Kardam of Tarnovo, the latter being the title of the heir apparent of the Bulgarian throne.
See You in the Next War( transliterated:" Doviđenja u sledećem ratu") is a 1980 Yugoslav war film directed by Živojin Pavlović.
The film was based upon the play by Louis Verneuil.
Frank Borzage( April 23, 1894 – June 19, 1962) was an Academy Award- winning American film director and actor, most remembered for directing" 7th Heaven"( 1927)," Street Angel"( 1928)," Bad Girl"( 1931)," Man's Castle"( 1933)," The Mortal Storm"( 1940) and" Moonrise"( 1948).
The film was shot in New York City, Montreal and various New Mexico locations over June to July 2007, and had a French release in January 2009.
In the 19th century, a romanticised version of her early life was popularised by the play "King René’s Daughter" by Henrik Hertz, in which she is portrayed as a beautiful blind princess living in an isolated garden paradise.
In 1989 Jaugey co-founded with her partner and Nicaraguan filmmaker Frank Pineda, Camila Films (Nicaragua), an independent film production company based in Managua.
After Southern Democrats walked out of the 1860 Democratic National Convention, the party's northern and southern factions held rival conventions in Baltimore that nominated Douglas and Breckinridge, respectively, for president.
They arrive on Earth and invade a small town in order to capture, kill, and harvest the human inhabitants to use as sustenance.
Beltrán de la Cueva y Toledo, 3rd Duke of Alburquerque, (in full), (c. 1478 - 11 February 1560) was a Spanish nobleman and military leader.
Spin the Bottle is a 2000 American film directed by Jamie Yerkes.
He is buried in the same city.
Kubrick was raised in the Bronx, New York City, and attended William Howard Taft High School from 1941 to 1945.
Buzzell appeared in a few Vitaphone shorts and the two-strip Technicolor short "The Devil's Cabaret" (1930) as Satan's assistant.
Almodóvar followed this with the drama" Volver"( 2006), the romantic thriller" Broken Embraces"( 2009), the psychological thriller" The Skin I Live In"( 2011) and the dramas" Julieta"( 2016) and" Pain and Glory"( 2019), all of which were in competition for the Palme d' Or at the Cannes Film Festival.
North Kansas
There is evidence of his popularity among the Roman commoners, especially in the eastern provinces of the Empire, where a popular legend arose that Nero had not died and would return.
Cannon specialized in producing low-to-mid-budget American films, primarily Genre films, during the 1980s after Golan and Globus had achieved significant filmmaking success in their native Israel during the 1970s.
He served as a representative peer between 1708 and 1715 and was Commissioner of Trade and Manufacturers in 1711.
Oh boy,
But in the United States, it was released in January 1973 and was called "Paid My Dues".
True As Steel is a 1924 silent drama film directed and written by Rupert Hughes.
His firm stance against foreign intervention in the Civil War helped deter the United Kingdom and France from possibly gaining the independence of the Confederate States.
Alam Shah abandoned his charge in 1448 and retired to Budaun.
Be My Baby", as well as "One Sweet Day", which became the U.S. best-performing single of the 1990s.
He took commerce school and agricultural school.
Norman Walker (8 October 1892 – 4 November 1963) was an English film director.
His work has influenced various popular and respected directors such as Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, Jean- Luc Godard, John Carpenter, and Quentin Tarantino.
He has been seen in many TV shows and Films.
Gallienus defeated the usurper Ingenuus in 258 and destroyed an Alemanni army at Mediolanum in 259.
His son Nicolas Claxton is a professional basketball player.
He is often cited as one of the most influential modern timbaleros together with Tito Puente and Willie Bobo.
That same year, he confirmed he would run for president in 2015.
At the end of the long recording session, Crosby decided to sing only a single chorus of the song in the middle of an orchestral version instead of the full ballad treatment used in the film.
Mabel FitzRobert, Countess of Gloucester( c. 1100 – 29 September 1157) was an Anglo- Norman noblewoman, and a wealthy heiress who brought the lordship of Gloucester, among other prestigious honours to her husband, Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester upon their marriage.
"The Seventh Seal" (1957)
In 1993, Kelly went solo with the album "12 Play".
Curuppumullage Jinarajadasa( 16 December 1875, Sri Lanka – 18 June 1953, United States) was a Sri Lankan author, occultist, freemason and theosophist.
Charles Pathé, who held high hopes for the artistic potential of film as a medium, invited him to join the artistic staff under the direction of Ferdinand Zecca.
Constantin, Prince of Hohenzollern- Hechingen( Friedrich Wilhelm Konstantin Hermann Thassilo; 16 February 1801 – 3 September 1869), was the last Prince of Hohenzollern- Hechingen.
This was finally accomplished through Edward I's war in Wales in 1277.
Julia Cornelia Paula or Julia Paula was a distinguished Roman noblewoman who became Empress of Rome as the first wife of the Roman emperor Elagabalus.
He established his home in present-day Salina, Oklahoma, part of the western extent of their territory.
The film stars Vinod Khanna, Amitabh Bachchan and Rishi Kapoor opposite Shabana Azmi, Parveen Babi and Neetu Singh in the lead roles.
The Grizzlies is a 2018 Canadian sports drama film, directed by Miranda de Pencier.
His work is noted for its improvisation, loose narratives, and lengthy running times.
It won the César Award for Best Film, Best Director, Best Writing and Most Promising Actress.
He was term- limited and ineligible to seek a fourth legislative term in 2014.
Armstrong-Jones's son, Ronald, became a barrister, married Anne Messel (firstly) and was the father of Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon, the brother-in-law of Queen Elizabeth II.
He and Stephen Morehouse Avery were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Story for "The Gay Deception" (1935).
Mohsen Eslamzadeh is an Iranian documentary filmmaker.
His films of the 1970s, such as "Celine and Julie Go Boating", often incorporated fantasy and were better-regarded.
He also directed 67 films between 1915 and 1937.
Jovan Markovski( born March 28, 1988) is a Macedonian professional basketball small forward who last played for Vardar.
She is best known in her native United Kingdom for her role in the television comedy series" Brass", and to international audiences as Mon Mothma in the" Star Wars" film" Return of the Jedi".
The Black Sea and Caspian Squadron also known as the Black Sea and Marmora Force and the Black Sea and Marmora Division was naval formation of the British Mediterranean Fleet from 1918 to 1919.
Thomas Randolph, 2nd Earl of Moray( died 11 August 1332), a Scottish military commander, held his title for just 23 days.
After spending all the reward money from his first encounter with Graboids, Earl Bassett agrees to hunt more of the deadly creatures at a Mexican oil refinery for $50,000 each.
A Fear of Strangers is a 1964 British TV drama starring Stanley Baker as a racist police inspector.
Calling Philo Vance is a 1940 American mystery/comedy released by Warner Bros. and starring James Stephenson as the dilettante detective Philo Vance, his only appearance as the character; Margot Stevenson co-stars.
Ant- Man and the Wasp is a 2018 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics characters Scott Lang/ Ant- Man and Hope van Dyne/ Wasp.
The" Haute Cour" of Jerusalem passed over her claim, however, and instead chose Hugh III of Cyprus- a great- grandson of Queen Isabella I- as the next ruler of the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
Hubertus Michael, Hereditary Prince of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha, Duke of Saxony( born 16 September 1975) is the heir- apparent of the head of the family which ruled the Duchy of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha until 1918.
Cite: The Architecture and Design Magazine of Houston is a quarterly magazine published by the Rice Design Alliance, a program of the Rice University School of Architecture.
Join the Triumph marks the first album from Citizens& Saints.
Ralph Baines or" Bayne"( c. 1504 – 18 November 1559) was the last Roman Catholic Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, in England.
The film's art direction was by Julius von Borsody.
The film is based on the life of Frank Abagnale, who, before his 19th birthday, successfully performed cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American World Airways pilot, a Georgia doctor, and a Louisiana parish prosecutor.
The council of Sainte-Macre at Fismes (near Reims) exonerated the queen and the bishop, but Charles maintained his claim and was driven from the kingdom, finding refuge at the court of his cousin, Otto II.
Claude Weisz is a French film director born in Paris.
The film received ten nominations at the 86th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Best Actor( Bale), Best Actress( Adams), Best Supporting Actor( Cooper), and Best Supporting Actress( Lawrence), but did not win in any category.
He succeeded to the title of 2nd Baronet Cory- Wright, of Caen Wood Towers, Highgate St. Pancras, co. London and Hornsey, co. Middlesex on the death of his father on 30 May 1909.
Margaret of Bohemia( 21 February 1296 – 8 April 1322) was a daughter of Wenceslaus II of Bohemia and his first wife, Judith of Habsburg.
Lamia and Neopatria were captured and Pharsala and Domokos were abandoned by the Serbs, whose leader was Jacob's brother-in-law.
The Rice River is a river of Minnesota.
It stars Laurence Leboeuf, Glynnis O'Connor, Chris Meyer, Raviv Ullman and RZA.
In Weilburg, he was the fourth count named Philip, but only the third in Saarbrücken, because his father, Philip III of Nassau- Weilburg never held Nassau- Saarbrücken.
Out of the Fog is a lost 1919 silent film drama directed by Albert Capellani and starring Alla Nazimova billed as Madame Nazimova.
He was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1899, and organized and became chairman of the Silver Republican Party of Montana in 1896, but returned to the Republican Party in 1900.
After clashes with Hollywood studio bosses over budget and workers' rights issues, Stroheim was banned for life as a director and subsequently became a well-respected character actor, particularly in French cinema.
Boritzer gained national critical acclaim after" What is God?" was published in 1989 although the book has caused controversy from religious fundamentalists for its universalist views.
He directed 21 films in total, and was awarded the Amanda Committee's Honorary Award in 1996.
She is currently director of the excavation works for the Sydney Metro project, having recently been in charge of Crossrail's Farringdon Station.
Augusta Mary Minna Catherine Lyons
Billy Milano is a Bronx- born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas.
The film stars Nizhalgal Ravi and Kanaka in the lead roles.
In 1896, he switched parties and joined the Silver Republican Party.
The fall of her father Grimoald I and her brother Childebert the Adopted left her exposed to the hostility of former opponents of the family.
It was Romero's second motion picture and his only romantic comedy.
His best- known films include< nowiki>"</ nowiki>
Mark Bernard Word( born November 23, 1975) is a former professional American football player who played defensive end in the National Football League for three seasons for the Kansas City Chiefs and the Cleveland Browns.
She was raised a Roman Catholic but changed her religion twice, first to Lutheranism and later to Calvinism.
Subsequently, the Scranton Cultural Center hosted a free premiere of the film on July 9, 2015, with additional showings on July 10, 2015 and July 11, 2015.
He also directed 46 films between 1934 and 1970.
It was produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures in association with Cosmopolitan Productions.
The album was released first as a double- vinyl LP.
Shirin Farhad is a 1931 Hindi language musical film.
Goodman also created the story and wrote the screenplay.
The countess died of smallpox, aged 22, and was buried at St Mary's Church, Berkeley.
She was succeeded as ruler of Chiny by her husband, Arnold II, Count of Chiny.
As a prince, the future al- Mu'tadid served under his father during various military campaigns, most notably in the suppression of the Zanj Rebellion, in which he played a major role.
Malaikat Tanpa Sayap( English translation: Angel Without Wings), is an Indonesian drama film which released on February 9, 2012, which directed by Rako Prijanto.
The film was released on November 20, 1947, by Columbia Pictures.
The film starred by Maudy Ayunda, Adipati Koesmadji, Ikang Fawzi, Surya Saputra, Agus Kuncoro, and Kinaryosih.
His subsequent release and controversial actions while wrestling on the independent circuit have earned him a measure of infamy.
The story was inspired by the death of Lisa Hill, the best friend of Katherine Paterson's son David, who was struck and killed by lightning when she was eight years old.
At the same time he also had private feuds with other Marcher lords, and his conflict with Gilbert de Clare, Earl of Gloucester, eventually ended with the personal intervention of King Edward himself.
Charles' unexceptional marriage and his lack of wealth are two of the reasons he was denied the throne.
Archibald Gracie IV( January 15, 1858 – December 4, 1912) was an American writer, soldier, amateur historian, real estate investor, and survivor of the sinking of RMS" Titanic".
The following is a list of members of the families of Archie's Gang appearing in Archie Comics.
In 1400, she gave the order for the beheading of the Earl of Huntingdon in revenge for the part he had played in the execution of her brother, the 11th Earl of Arundel.
Diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2003, Tamia is an advocate for the National Multiple Sclerosis Society (NMSS) on behalf of others affected by the disease.
Kidnapping, Caucasian Style is a 1967 Soviet comedy film dealing with a humorous plot revolving around bride kidnapping, an old tradition that used to exist in certain regions of the Northern Caucasus.
Minaj has been called one of the most influential female rap artists of all time and has often been dubbed as the "Queen of Rap" by the media.
In 308 BC, the two kings met again at Yingcheng (modern-day part of Xiaogan, Hubei) to plan an attack on Han.
Emerald City Confidential is a 2009 computer adventure game conceived by Dave Gilbert, developed by Wadjet Eye Games and published through PlayFirst.
He directed the horror film" 31".
The music was written by The Decemberists and the lyrics by Colin Meloy.
Lennon was known for the rebellious nature and acerbic wit in his music, writing, drawings, on film and in interviews.
He was married to Merata Mita, also a film director, actor, writer.
Unionists were in control of the state legislature, and gained more support when Confederate forces moved into Kentucky.
Other acting roles include Staff Sergeant Sykes in "Jarhead" (2005), record executive Curtis Taylor Jr. in "Dreamgirls" (2006), Detective Ricardo Tubbs in the 2006 film adaptation of TV series "Miami Vice", the title role in the film "
The album is the final of five albums released by the band in 2017.
She is the president of the Collective of Sahrawi Human Rights Defenders( CODESA).
Jaccard was born in New York City.
Kelly was named by "Billboard" as the Top R&B/
He has won two Academy Awards, five British Academy Film Awards, six European Film Awards, two Golden Globe Awards, nine Goya Awards and four prizes at the Cannes Film Festival.
The film was directed By Siddharth Anand Kumar, produced by Francisco Leria and written by Sudip Sharma and Rahul Singh.
She is among a small group of entertainers who have been honored with an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony Award – though only three were competitive awards – and is one of only two artists in that group who have also won a Peabody.
After his death in a car accident in 1991, he was posthumously given the National Artist of the Philippines for Film award for" having made significant contributions to the development of Philippine arts."
Yves Ciampi (9 February 1921 – 5 November 1982) was a French film director.
Definition Broadcast is a company providing various technical services for digital television broadcasting and has an address in Regent Street, central London.
Arthur McKee( 14 August 1863 – 9 March 1943) was a New Zealand newspaper proprietor, photo-engraver and printer, land agent, businessman, orchardist.
Acting as chairman of public relations, Nelson served on the Nipissing District National War Finance Committee.
Like Claudius, Nero became emperor with the consent of the Praetorian Guard.
David Ludovic George Hopetoun Carnegie, 11th Earl of Northesk (24 September 1901 – 7 November 1963) was elected a Scottish representative peer.
Henry was Canon of St. Lambert in Liège, Provost of the Franciscans in Maastricht, and Provost of St. Alexander in Aschaffenburg.
" All Of Me( Boy Oh Boy)" was the fifth international single release by Italian popstar Sabrina.
Sir Richard Cory- Wright
In 1666, the sepulchre of Charles was discovered in the Basilica of Saint Servatius in Maastricht.
Enrique or Henrique Flórez de Setién y Huidobro( July 21, 1702 August 20, 1773) was a Spanish historian.
Silver Skates is a 1943 American musical film directed by Leslie Goodwins and starring Kenny Baker, Belita and Patricia Morison.
One month after the September release of the LP, Lennon released "Imagine" as a single in the United States; the song peaked at number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and the LP reached number one on the UK chart in November, later becoming the most commercially successful and critically acclaimed album of Lennon's solo career.
Mi querido capitán(" My Dear Captain") is a 1950 Mexican film.
He is best known for directing the films "Whale Music" (1994) and "Barney's Version" (2010), the latter featuring a Golden Globe winning performance by actor Paul Giamatti as well as his work on the HBO series "Westworld".
A separate French- language version" Ma cousine de Varsovie" was also made, directed by Carmine Gallone.
He was unit commander in the Battle of Zorndorf.
Three years later, Bahlol Lodi, who had made two prior attempts at capturing Delhi, took control of the capital to mark the beginning of the Lodi dynasty.
The film, originally titled "Intramural", stars cast members of comedy groups
The film stars David Higgins, Betty Gray, Hal Clarendon, Edgar L. Davenport, Wellington A. Playter and Jack Pickford.
In 1853 he succeeded his father as Duke of Saxe- Altenburg.
Álvarez also is a panelist of a football program in Canal del Fútbol( CDF) called" En El Nombre del Fútbol".
Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the twelfth film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe( MCU).
He plays for BC Astana of the Kazakhstan Basketball Championship and the VTB United League.
The Amorium campaign was widely celebrated, and became a cornerstone of caliphal propaganda, cementing al-Mu'tasim's reputation as a warrior-caliph.
Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein ("
The time between the appearance of the aura and the migraine lasts from a few seconds up to an hour.
John II of Nuremberg( 1309 – 1357) was a Burgrave of Nuremberg from the House of Hohenzollern.
Przecław of Pogorzela was born on 5 May 1310 into a noble family from Pogorzela and by April 1329 was Canon of Wrocław.
In 1929, Calvin Coolidge's term as president ended, and the couple retired to Northampton.
Riley Day( born 30 March 2000) is an Australian sprinter.
It was made at Ealing Studios as a quota quickie.
Khanzada Begum is frequently mentioned in the "Baburnama," her brother's memoirs, and always with affection and respect.
It was shot in Guinea and Cameroon.
Queen Gerberga would only send Charles, who was then handed over and his father was released into the custody of Hugh Capet.
He died in 1822 while seeking treatment abroad, and was interred in the Alexander Nevsky Lavra.
The film was produced, directed and edited by Bruce David Janu.
Previously, Kyncl was Vice President of Content Acquisitions at Netflix, where he spearheaded the company's content acquisition for streaming TV shows and movies over the Internet.
His death ended the Julio-Claudian dynasty, sparking a brief period of civil wars known as the Year of the Four Emperors.
Both were overthrown in a 1970 coup, and they went into exile in China.
Elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1850, he allied with Stephen A. Douglas in support of the Kansas–Nebraska Act.
, Tee J is a British actor who is best known for his part in the television show "Kerching!"
In 1878, she married Ernest Augustus, the exiled heir to the Kingdom of Hanover.
The film stars James McAvoy as a university student who wins a place on a" University Challenge" quiz team.
Its mascot is the Bears.
George Charles of Hesse-Kassel (8 January 1691 – 5 March 1755) was a prince of Hesse-Kassel and a Prussian General.
This branch of the Seton family had long served the Bruces in Yorkshire, Cumberland and Scotland.
After a series of brief postings to the Portuguese court and the Electorate of Saxony, he was for a time unemployed during the early reign of Emperor Alexander I, though he eventually returned to serve in various diplomatic and civil service roles.
Yesenia is a 1971 Mexican film directed by Alfredo B. Crevenna, based on an original story by Yolanda Vargas Dulché.
The marriage took place in 1376, a political alliance only, for the Bas-Serra family of Eleanor was opposed to the royal pretensions of the House of Barcelona, to which Brancaleone was affiliated.
With her husband, she reigned at what was arguably the wealthiest period of Ancient Egyptian history.
The film stresses the values associated with nationalism as expressed in the union of the people, the army, and the church in defense of the country, which was considered by some a prelude to the revolutionary ideology that led to, on June 4, 1943, the overthrowing of the government of president Ramón Castillo.
Annis is married to Georgia Hart, the daughter of wrestler Stu and wrestling promoter Helen Hart.
The original music for the film was composed by Miklós Rózsa and Victor Young.
He became Archbishop of Braga in 1739 and was consecrated in 1741.
The film features Dushyanth and Shubha Poonja in lead roles, with Pasupathy, Bhanu Chander, Sulakshana, S. R. Prakash, Sathish, Ranjan and V. Sankar playing supporting roles.
Billboard" named her the country's most successful artist of the 1990s, while the World Music Awards honored her as the world's best-selling recording artist of the 1990s.
A rarely revived comedy due to some of its Asian racial content, a selected scene was shown in Robert Youngson's 1965" MGM's Big Parade of Comedy".
Marie Adélaïde of Savoy, Princess of Savoy( 6 December 1685 – 12 February 1712) was the wife of Louis, Dauphin of France, Duke of Burgundy.
Having gained the support of many of these fashionable women, Hemenway and Hall then organized meetings between leaders of the high society and prominent New England ornithologists, paving the way for the creation of the Massachusetts Audubon Society --which over 900 women joined.
Michael Gross is a television editor, writer, producer and director.
Carlos Hugo Christensen (Santiago del Estero, 15 December 1914 - Rio de Janeiro, 30 November 1999) was an Argentine film director, screenwriter and film producer.
Ernest Bretaigne Windust( January 20, 1906 – March 19, 1960) was a United States- based French- born theater, film, and television director.
She had married King Herod the Great in 25 BC.
He was nominated for vice-president at the 1856 Democratic National Convention to balance a ticket headed by James Buchanan.
5 Steps to Danger is a 1957 American film noir crime film directed, produced, and co–written by Henry S. Kesler.
She married Edmund Grey, 1st Earl of Kent and had seven children:
Gauthier Christian Destenay( born 21 September 1979) is a Belgian architect who is the husband of Prime Minister of Luxembourg, Xavier Bettel.
In 2011, he established a new Yellow House, a multidisciplinary arts centre in Jalalabad, Afghanistan.
Alan Ian Percy, 8th Duke of Northumberland, (17 April 1880 – 23 August 1930) was a British army officer.
True as Steel may refer to:
He died of cardiac arrest at the Las Piñas Medical Center in Manila on May 18, 2007.
She has sold over 5 million singles in the UK and has sold 5.5 million RIAA-certified units in the US.
Charles Edward Stuart( May 18, 1850 – April 16, 1889) was a Virginia politician.
James Cruze( born Jens Vera Cruz Bosen, March 27, 1884 near Ogden, Utah – August 3, 1942 in Hollywood, California) was a silent film actor and film director.
It had its world premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 19, 2018.
A new version of the song" Last Night( Beer Fear)" was released in the United Kingdom on 29 September 2013 as the second single from her debut studio album" Join the Club"( 2013)
It peaked at No. 14 on the ARIA Albums Chart after being released on vinyl in November 2018.
Mind Twister is a 1994 American erotic thriller film directed by Fred Olen Ray, written by Mark Thomas McGee, and produced by Luigi Cingolani and Smart Egg Pictures.
Fort Albany was one of the oldest and most important Hudson's Bay Company posts.
After Andrew's death, his sons, Béla and Coloman, accused his third wife, Beatrice d'Este, of adultery and never considered her son, Stephen, to be a legitimate son of Andrew.
James Searle Dawley (May 13, 1877 – March 30, 1949) was an American producer, director and screenwriter.
Brian Johnson( born 1939 or 1940) is a British designer and director of film and television special effects.
It received its Austrian release the following year, and finally in West Germany in 1950.
Tonie Marshall( born 29 November 1951) is a French American actress, screenwriter, and film director.
Her subsequent credits as a producer have included the films" Pu- 239 Adam" and" Beginners", the television series" Wild Roses" and the new 2017 Anne of Green Gables adaptation" Anne with an E".
This allowed alliance of Wei, Han and Qi in inflict a major defeat on Chu in 301 BC.
As he had been a vassal also of Lothair, Charles' acts on behalf of Otto were considered treason and he was thereafter excluded from the throne.
It is a sequel to the 2001 film "Two Can Play That Game".
He served as an aide to General Andrew Jackson during the War of 1812 and settled in St. Louis, Missouri, after the war.
He organized the administration of justice and the state finances.
Princess Irina Pavlovna Paley( 21 December 1903 – 15 November 1990) was the daughter of Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich of Russia and his second wife, Olga Valerianovna Karnovich.
By maintaining a high level of political involvement during a period that was extremely unfavorable for women, Jessie Benton Frémont proved herself to be years ahead of her time.
It was made on a low- budget by the independent Majestic Pictures, a Poverty Row forerunner of Republic Pictures.
He directed 86 films and wrote the scripts for almost 80 films.
William de Turbeville( or William Turbe; c. 1095 – January 1174) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich.
He returned to acting in the late 1980s and early 1990s in a few thrillers and television roles.
In Damascus she was the benefactor of numerous religious buildings, including a" madrasa" and a mausoleum for her father.
John William Joseph McMahon( 28 December 1917 – 8 May 2001) was an Australian- born first- class cricketer who played for Surrey and Somerset in England from 1947 to 1957.
Despite being Jewish, Schünzel was allowed by the Nazis to continue making films for several years until he eventually left to live abroad.
Shih- Ying Lee or S. Y. Lee( April 30, 1918 – July 2, 2018) was an American inventor, engineer and physicist who was noted for his research and innovation in hydrodynamics- related technologies.
XX/ XY is a 2002 American romantic drama film written and directed by Austin Chick and starring Mark Ruffalo, Kathleen Robertson, and Maya Stange.
"I've Seen It All".
As of 2019, Del Rey has sold 16 million albums worldwide.
Esquimalt Airport was an airport located in Esquimalt, British Columbia, Canada.
A skilled diplomat with ties to the Holy Roman Emperor and the Pope, Hermann oversaw the expansion of the military order into Prussia.
They included John Egerton, 2nd Duke of Bridgewater, and Francis Egerton, 3rd Duke of Bridgewater.
As writer, director, or producer, Besson has so far been involved in the creation of more than 50 films.
Set in 1933, it follows the story of an ambitious filmmaker who coerces his cast and hired ship crew to travel to the mysterious Skull Island.
The song has also been covered by Anne Murray.
He directed and wrote over one hundred films and television series between 1926 and 1960.
However, by the time she died in 1186, Saladin was writing letters to her every day; as he was himself recovering from a lengthy illness at the time, news of her death was kept from him for three months.
He was the second but only surviving son of Wenceslaus II, co-Duke of Cieszyn, by his wife Anna, daughter of Frederick I, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach.
Elizabeth Stafford, also known as Dame Elizabeth Drury and – in the years prior to her death in 1599 – Dame (Lady)
The Hungarians and Poles again occupied Halych and restored it to Coloman in the autumn of 1219.
Best known for his Oscar- winning film" Monsieur Vincent"( 1947) he won a 1948 Special Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.< nowiki>" </nowiki>Monsieur Vincent,< nowiki>"</ nowiki>
" The Sailor Song"( accompanied with the slogan" Guaranteed To Make You Feel Good!") is a song by Danish pop duo Toy- Box.
He developed the approach of his father, Jakob von Uexküll, in the study of living systems and applied it in medicine.
Iradier died in obscurity in 1865.
He worked for a variety of production companies including Fox, Goldwyn, Metro, Warner Brothers, and Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer.
Zombie directed" The Devil's Rejects"( 2005), a direct sequel to his prior film" House of 1000 Corpses".
O'Brien was the son of Donogh O'Brien, 4th Earl of Thomond and Elisabeth FitzGerald.
Lord Mount Stuart died at Bassingbourn Hall near Stansted, Essex, in January 1794, only 26 years of age, a month after being injured in a fall from his horse.
When Hugh was assassinated in 1383, Eleanor and Brancaleone's young son Frederick succeeded to the Giudicato of Arborea.
Filip Arsenijević( born 2 September 1983) is a Serbian footballer who plays for TSC Bačka Topola.
Admired for her beauty and charm on stage, Elsie became one of the most photographed women of Edwardian times.
Released after this concession, Joan and Ferdinand soon joined the old allies of her father, King John of England and Emperor
Nolf was born in Kortrijk.
She represented her country at the 2011 and 2015 FIFA Women's World Cups, the 2012 and 2016 Olympics, as well as the 2009, 2013 and 2017 editions of the UEFA Women's Championship.
Greg Carey( born April 5, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently under contract to the Lehigh Valley Phantoms of the American Hockey League( AHL).
The next year, she married Maximilian I of Austria by proxy, but Charles VIII of France saw this as a threat since his realm was located between Brittany and Austria.
Global Witness, a London-based human rights organisation, reported that money under Niyazov's control and held overseas may be in excess of US$3 billion, of which between $1.8–$2.6 billion was allegedly situated in the Foreign Exchange Reserve Fund at Deutsche Bank in Germany.
Super Stooges vs. the Wonder Women is a 1974 comedy film directed by Alfonso Brescia.
ʿ Ujayf ibn ʿ Anbasa( died 838) was one of the senior- most military leaders of the Abbasid Caliphate under the caliphs al- Ma'mun and al- Mu'tasim.
In the late 1940s, 1950s and 1960s these were mainly comedies( romantic, slapstick, and/ or musical) and" K.u.k. films" all of which, for Austrian and German TV stations alike, have been a staple of weekend afternoon programming ever since.
She is best known as the author of a diary that gives an account of military life in that era from the viewpoint of the wife of a common soldier.
The series chronicles Luke Skywalker's early attempts to rebuild the Jedi Order after the defeat of the Emperor.
Monk at St. Martin- des- Champs, prior at Cluny Abbey, prior at Lurey- le- Bourg, abbot of St. Mary of the Valley of Jehosaphat.
He appeared to be following in the footsteps of his mentor, fellow Indiana native, Fred Williamson.
Simonida Nemanjić (c. 1294 – after 1336), born Simonis Palaiologina
Silas Hardy Strawn( December 15, 1866 – 1946) was a prominent Chicago lawyer and one of the name partners at the law firm of Winston& Strawn.
He centralized the bureaucracy of the Republic and was eventually proclaimed "dictator for life" (Latin: dictator perpetuo), giving him additional authority.
After the Yellow House finished, he established himself in Bundeena and since then has produced a large and varied output of drawings, paintings, films, and writings.
Nigel Williamson( born 1954) is a British journalist.
That year he won the Findling Award for his film "Indiánské léto" (Indian Summer) at the Cottbus Film Festival.
Ne de Pere Inconnu <nowiki>"</ nowiki>(< nowiki>"< /nowiki>
" One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" was the second film to win all five major Academy Awards( Best Picture, Actor in Leading Role, Actress in Leading Role, Director, and Screenplay).
Le Despencer went with Edward the Black Prince to France, and was present at the Battle of Poitiers.
D Train or D- Train may refer to:
He was created Cardinal in 1461.
In 1955, Sihanouk abdicated in favor of his father.
"The Sinking of the Reuben James" is a song by Woody Guthrie about the sinking of the U.S. convoy escort , which was the first U.S. naval ship sunk by German U-boats in World War II.
He received the gallantry award for his part in the Battle of Guillemont where British troops defeated the Germans to take the German stronghold of Guillemont.
He retired in 2000, but returned to television in 2004 to work as the 6 p.m. anchor at WLNE- TV.
He also was under contract with the Cleveland Cavaliers( October 1995) and Utah Jazz( October 1996), but did not play in any regular season NBA games for those teams.
Toe Naing Mann's father is Shwe Mann, a former military general and Speaker of the Pyithu Hluttaw.
Second Youth or Druga młodość is a 1938 Polish romantic drama film directed by Michał Waszyński.
Vuka Šeherović(" née" Šekerović,; 1903 – 1976) was a Bosnian folk singer and sevdalinka interpreter.
Marie Adélaïde de France, (23 March 1732 in Versailles – 27 February 1800 in Trieste), was a French princess, the fourth daughter and sixth child of King Louis XV of France and his consort, Marie Leszczyńska.
His father was at the time a prisoner of war in France.
His body was transferred and buried in the tomb erected by his wife in the castle church in Saarbrücken in 1998.
He is serving as the chairman of Hua Nan Financial Holdings, and the director of Hua Nan Bank of China.
From 1920 to 1968, Taurog directed 180 films.
He then served in the Illinois House of Representatives in 1959 and 1960.
The French King rewarded this short spell with the Dutch army by seizing his lands.
Squibs' Honeymoon is a 1923 British silent comedy film directed by George Pearson and starring Betty Balfour, Hugh E. Wright and Fred Groves.
In 1957, she died of heart disease, and was buried in Plymouth, Vermont, beside her husband and her son.
Clemens' final project was" The Thirteenth Hour" in 1947.
Albert Frederick Calvert( 1872- 1946) was an English author, engineer and explorer active in Australia.
Elisabeth of Wrocław( Polish: Elżbieta wrocławska)( c. 1232 – 16 January 1265), also known as" Elisabeth of Poland", was a daughter of Henry II the Pious and his wife, Anna of Bohemia.
The special makeup effects were created by New Zealand-based company Weta Workshop.
This led to the rise of the nobility in the Kingdom of Hungary.
The working title of the film was" Once Over Lightly" that was the title of one of the songs in the film.
She died in 1912, 15 years before Sisowath Monivong was crowned king.
Gallienus (c. 218 – September 268), also known as Gallien, was Roman Emperor with his father Valerian from 22 October 253 to spring 260 and alone from spring 260 to September 268.
Raoul Walsh directed.
The annals also mention a certain Dub-Indracht mac Dúnchada as king of the Uí Briúin of Mag nAi in 666.
He produced 29 films between 1927 and 1936.
Common traits in his film are the scenic composition and illumination and the contrasts of costume and nudity, nature and architecture, furniture and people, sexual pleasure and painful death.
Heimrad Bäcker (May 9, 1925 in Vienna - May 8, 2003 in Linz) was an Austrian publisher and writer.
He is the son-in- law of S. Robson Walton and the grandson- in- law of Sam Walton, the founder of Walmart.
Renée of Bourbon, Duchess of Lorraine( 1494 – 26 May 1539), also called, Renée, Lady of Mercœur, was a Duchess consort of Lorraine.
The film's style is a madcap one, which relied on the talents of its two stars Rátkai and Gyárfás who were popular comedians.
He was also the Director General of Police in Punjab.
He is an artist, devoted to sculpture, plays the guitar and was educated at the "Lycée Français Molière" in Villanueva de la Cañada in the vicinity of Madrid.
She served on the boards of Mercersburg Academy and the Clarke School.
Her father, Sven "Dala" Dahlkvist, played for AIK and won 39 caps for the Sweden men's team between 1979 and 1985.
They had two sons, both born in England: Edward E. Martin (1916–2010) and Paul Mulford Martin (1921–1994).
William" Bill" Cruickshanks( born 24 October 1943) is a Scottish born- Australian professional wrestler and author better known by his stage name Bill Dundee.
Katherine of Bavaria( c. 1361–1400 AD, Hattem), was the eldest child of Albert I, Duke of Bavaria and his first wife Margaret of Brieg.
He worked for the India Fund's Indo-Norwegian Project from 1953 to 1955.
HH Shiekh Jassim bin Muhammed bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani is a member of the Qatari royal family who was the founder and minister of electricity and water from 1970 to 1989.
He was married to actress Sheila Sim from 1945 until his death.
He died on 24 June 1831.
Rohese de Clare( bef. 1166) was a member of the wealthy and powerful de Clare family and a strong patron of Monmouth Priory.
His 1936 film" Dummy Ache" was nominated for an Academy Award in 1936 for Best Short Subject( Two- Reel).
Sir John de Seton was a knight who took part in the War of Scottish Independence, as a supporter of Robert de Brus.
The music director died before the release of the film.
Cenn Fáelad's descendants included the Muintir Murchadha and their chief, the O'Flaherty, through his son Amhalgadh, sometimes titled kings of Iarthair Connacht in the annals; and the Clann Cosgraigh, headed by McHugh, through Cenn Fáelad's son Dungalaigh.
He also founded Carmelite, Carthusian, Augustinian and Benedictine monasteries.
It was his second narrative feature film as a director, but the first for which he was also the screenwriter.
Geoghegan is best known for his work in the horror genre.
It was based on the stage musical" The Girl in the Taxi".
It was followed by a 2007 sequel entitled" Fear of Clowns 2".
Cathrine Grage( born 13 October 1976) is a Danish Olympic speedskater, inline skater and cyclist.
Axel Eugen Alexander von Oesterreich( 22 June 1910 – 6 September 1988), better known as Axel von Ambesser, was a German actor and film director.
In 2016, he was awarded the BAFTA Fellowship for outstanding lifetime achievement in film.
Burton was a captain in the army of the East India Company, serving in India, and later briefly in the Crimean War.
She pursued a masters in law from ILS College.
After moving to New York City in 1971, his criticism of the Vietnam War resulted in a three-year attempt by the Nixon administration to deport him.
The film garnered positive reviews from critics and appeared on several top ten lists for 2005.
" The Last Word" premiered at the 2017 Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 2017.
His epithet "al-Rashid" translates to "the Orthodoxthe Justthe Upright", or "the Rightly-Guided".
He had seen neither of them since 1939.
Carlo Lizzani( 3 April 1922 – 5 October 2013) was an Italian film director, screenwriter and critic.
LA- 7 or LA 7 can refer to:
Her husband Chris Walker whose nationality is English is also a professional squash player.
Paget served in the Royal Navy and achieved the rank of Captain.
The film is a remake of 1994's" Only You" that starred Marisa Tomei and Robert Downey, Jr. The film was released on July 24, 2015.
In 287 BC, Quyang was attacked and in 286 BC, Anyi (the former capital of Wei) and Henei was attacked as well.
26 November 1424), was a Lithuanian princess of the Gediminid dynasty and by marriage Duchess of Warsaw.
(15 January 1867, Zürich, Switzerland – 1 March 1909, Cannes, France) was the only child of Prince Louis of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Trani (heir apparent of the defunct throne of the Two Sicilies) and his wife Duchess Mathilde Ludovika in Bavaria.
In a list voted for by the public in conjunction with the Official Charts Company's 60th anniversary, "Someone like You" was voted the third-most favourite number-one single of the last 60 years in the UK, with Michael Jackson's "Billie Jean" voted number two and Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody" as number one.
Isabella Heathcote( born 27 May 1987) is an Australian actress.
She is best known for playing the pop singer Cléo in" Cléo from 5 to 7".
VI is the sixth installment of the Shake Rattle& Roll franchise.
Domenico Scala( 1903 – 1989) was an Italian cinematographer.
Two of them were certified as platinum:
Edmond T. Gréville( real name Edmond Gréville Thonger, 20 June 1906 Nice – 26 May 1966, Nice) was a French film director and screenwriter.
" O Valencia!" is the fifth single by the indie rock band
She married Robert Bruce, 4th Lord of Annandale, and through her came the claims firstly of her son in 1290 and later in the beginning of 14th century of her great- grandson Robert Bruce, 7th Lord of Annandale, to the Scottish throne.
This school was in news for bad reasons, including a steep hike in school fees.
Beltrán de la Cueva y Alfonso de Mercado, 1st Duke of Alburquerque( c. 1443 – 1 November 1492) was a Spanish nobleman who is said to have fathered Joan, the daughter of Henry IV of Castile's wife Joan of Portugal.
Game of Love or The Game of Love may refer to:
His magazine also played a role in discovering such leading Italian illustrators as Giovanni Grasso and Angelo Musco.
His movies include" Bad Day at Black Rock"( 1955)," Gunfight at the O.K. Corral"( 1957)," The Magnificent Seven"( 1960)," The Great Escape"( 1963), and" Ice Station Zebra"( 1968).
Bogo de Clare (21 July 1248 – October 1294) was a member of the Anglo-Norman de Clare family, as third son of Richard de Clare (1222–1262), 5th Earl of Hertford and 6th Earl of Gloucester.
The Whistle is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by May Wilmoth, Olin Lyman and Lambert Hillyer.
Lola Gjoka or Lola Aleksi( 26 May 1910 – 6 October 1985) was an Albanian pianist.
He was First Secretary of the Turkmen Communist Party from 1985 until 1991 and supported the 1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt.
Famous Players- Lasky produced while Paramount Pictures released.
It was screened out of competition at the 1986 Cannes Film Festival.
For her performance Giovanna Ralli won the Grolla d'oro for best actress.
He was exiled for a second time in 1922, and spent most of the rest of his life in France.
"Thura" Shwe Mann (born 11 July 1947) is a Burmese politician who was Speaker of the Pyithu Hluttaw, the lower house of parliament from 31 January 2011 to 29 January 2016.
In 2013, Evans starred as the main antagonist Owen Shaw in the blockbuster" Fast& Furious 6", and also played Bard the Bowman in Peter Jackson's three- part adaptation of J. R. R. Tolkien's" The Hobbit".
John FitzAlan, 2nd Baron Arundel, 2nd Baron Maltravers" jure matris", also called John de Arundel( 30 November 1364 – 14 August 1390), of Buckland, Surrey, was the son of John FitzAlan, 1st Baron Arundel and Eleanor Maltravers.
Dodo married Hadvide of Chiny, daughter of Arnold I, Count of Chiny.
He was killed in Milan in February 1508.
he found in literature and the performing arts a way of both recreating and questioning the human condition."
Following its purchase in 2016 by the Ismaili Imamat, the Aga Khan IV officially designated the palace as the "Diwan of the Ismaili Imamat".
La Cage aux Oiseaux< nowiki>"</ nowiki>(< nowiki>" </nowiki>
At certain critical water levels, connections with surrounding water bodies can become established.
Architect P. Thornton Marye designed the Mission Revival style terminal for the Mobile and Ohio Railroad.
(modern day Henan) to propose a 4-state alliance of Qi, Han, Wei and Zhao against Qin.
Eleanor de Braose( c. 1228–1251) was a Cambro- Norman noblewoman in Great Britain, and a wealthy co-heiress of her father, who was the powerful Marcher lord William de Braose, and of her mother, Eva Marshal, a co-heiress of the Earls of Pembroke.
The album peaked at number eight in the United States and sold over 200,000 copies in the country.
Larry Blank has 3 children: two girls and a boy.
He defeated the eastern usurpers Macrianus Major and Mussius Aemilianus in 261–262 but failed to stop the formation of the breakaway Gallic Empire under general Postumus.
His eldest son, Henry II of Ligny, succeeded him .<br>
Shortly before his death, Lennon said that much of the song's "lyric and content" came from his wife Yoko Ono, and in 2017, she received a co-writing credit.
In his 20s he played first- class cricket while at university and for several seasons afterwards.
She was the youngest child of Henry VII, Holy Roman Emperor and his wife, Margaret of Brabant.
David Albert Charles Armstrong-Jones, 2nd Earl of Snowdon (born 3 November 1961), styled as Viscount Linley until 2017 and known professionally as David Linley, is an English furniture maker and a former chairman of the auction house Christie's UK.
On 21 December 1807, she left the abbey to marry Moritz Haubold von Schönberg.
Rev. Anthony Grey (1557 – 9 November 1643) was Earl of Kent from 1639 to his death.
After analyses of the role of women in the workforce, she began concentrating more on women's studies in general.
The film released on 21 September 2007, and received mixed response from critics upon release; however, it was a moderate box office success.
John Egerton, 2nd Earl of Bridgewater PC (30 May 1623 – 26 October 1686) was an English nobleman from the Egerton family.
Hartley W Lobban (9 May 1926 – 15 October 2004) was a Jamaican-born first-class cricketer who played 17 matches for Worcestershire in the early 1950s.
La femme à l'orchidée) is a 1952 French crime film directed by Raymond Leboursier and starring Tilda Thamar, Georges Rollin and Lucien Gallas.
The film earned$ 72.4 million on a$ 21 million budget.
Joan and Arnold had the following children:
He was the son of George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Countess Princess Augusta of Schwarzburg- Sondershausen.
It s tagline:" Two Much For One Man... Russ Meyer's Busty Buxotic Beauties ...
Breckinridge carried most of the Southern states.
The Redwood Valley Rancheria( also called Redwood Valley Reservation) is the land reservation where the Native American community known as" The Redwood Valley Band of Pomo Indians" resides.
Robert Sylvester Kelly (born January 8, 1967) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and former semi-professional basketball player.
The fourth president of the Theosophical Society, Jinarajadasa was one of the world's foremost Theosophical authors, having published more than 50 books and more than 1600 articles in periodicals during his life.
The film was selected as the Brazilian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.
Kettle of Fish is a 2006 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Claudia Myers and starring Matthew Modine and Gina Gershon.
Feodora was the first great-grandchild of Queen Victoria.
The merger was dissolved later in the 1920s.
In one of the greatest achievements of his career, he reorganised the Habsburg artillery, partially financed out of his own pocket.
Williams would later relocate to Montgomery, where he began his music career in 1937, when producers at radio station WSFA hired him to perform and host a 15-minute program.
It is through the most active of these connective routes, the Turkish Straits, that the Black Sea joins the world ocean.
Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi  is a 2012 Indian romantic comedy film based on the same-titled short film directed by debutant Balaji Mohan.
A tie- in video game was released alongside the film, which also became a commercial success.
It is the second feature film and first fiction film of Padilha, who had previously directed the documentary" Bus 174".
Her fourth studio album" Vasilissa" was released in 2017.
David Stanley William Ogilvy, 11th Earl of Airlie (20 January 1856 – 11 June 1900) was a Scottish peer.
Count Henry III of Nassau- Dillenburg- Dietz( 12 January 1483, Siegen – 14 September 1538, Breda), Lord( from 1530 Baron) of Breda, Lord of the Lek, of Dietz, etc. was a count of the House of Nassau.
He directed 125 films between 1917 and 1952.
Concluding that the war was hopeless, he urged Davis to arrange a national surrender.
In 1892 he became a partner in the family firm of William Cory& Son, coal factors, steamship owners, etc., of London.
Prior to her appointment, Valihura was a partner at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher& Flom, LLP.
Before his appointment, Fulco was a Benedictine monk in the abbey of Moutier- la- Celle, near Troyes in France.
Margaret of Bohemia( 1313–1341) was the daughter of King John of Bohemia by his first wife Elisabeth of Bohemia( 1292–1330).
Julius "Jules" Dassin (December 18, 1911 – March 31, 2008) was an American film director, producer, writer and actor.
While not a hit during its original release, it has since acquired a cult fandom.
A meditation on poverty, the film depicts the economic struggles of a group of young people in Winnipeg, using editing instead of narrative to drive the film in a stream of consciousness manner described by some critics as the filmic equivalent of a mixtape.
In July, however, he was arrested for" being in Avon Terrace when supposed to be of unsound mind without proper care and control".
He raced in a variety of racing genres, most notably midget, stock and Indy" Big" cars.
During Emperor Zhaozong's reign the Tang Dynasty fell into total disarray and rebellions, which had been ongoing since the reign of his older brother Emperor Xizong, as they erupted throughout the country while the imperial government's authority effectively disappeared.
Ravina is an Indian actress who acted in Dhallywood movies.
Her maternal grandparents were King Alfonso X of Castile and his wife Violante of Aragon.
Wesley Earl Craven (August 2, 1939 – August 30, 2015) was an American film director, writer, producer, and actor.
The second grandson of the Emperor Pedro II, the prince was, for some years between the presumptive heirs to the Imperial Crown of Brazil.
Her elder brother Archduke Ferdinand succeeded as Holy Roman Emperor in 1619.
His interests and writings included religion, philosophy, literature, art, science and occult chemistry.
The Irony of Fate 2 or The Irony of Fate: Continuation(" Ironiya sud ’by.
William II, Prince of Nassau- Dillenburg( 28 August 1670 – 21 September 1724 in Dillenburg) was the ruler( i.e. Fürst) of Nassau- Dillenburg from 1701 until his death.
John attempted to secure the whole inheritance for himself and his mother.
At the 2006 census, its population was 404, in 76 families.
He was the older brother of Sir David Attenborough, a naturalist, documenter, and broadcaster, and John Attenborough, an executive at Alfa Romeo.
The title refers to Doberman dogs that might have been responsible for a woman's murder currently under investigation by the local police chief (Garner).
Blakeley was a lead singer of The Rockmelons in the mid-1980s.
It was one of a series of moon- related Tin Pan Alley songs of the era.
He left the station, ending up in New York where he wrote and recorded his 1940 album "Dust Bowl Ballads", based on his experiences during the 1930s, which earned him the nickname the "Dust Bowl Troubadour".
Although he was the first New Wave director to begin work on a feature film, "Paris Belongs to Us" was not released until 1961, by which time Chabrol, Truffaut and Godard released their own first features and popularised the movement worldwide.
Van Rensselaer was a supporter of higher education; he served on the board of trustees for several schools and colleges, and was the founder of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
He rebuilt Longwood House, Hampshire, his main home.
Kazanjian's schedule pushed shooting to begin a few weeks early to allow Industrial Light& Magic more time to work on the film's effects in post-production.
St Athan railway station was a railway station in South Wales.
Mad to Be Normal is a 2017 British drama film directed by Robert Mullan and written by Robert Mullan and Tracy Moreton.
French filmography
March 19, 1666, Lima, Peru), was a Spanish military officer, diplomat, writer and colonial administrator.
He received the J. C. Daniel Award in 1996.
Schwarz was Jewish and was therefore forced to leave Germany in 1933 when the Nazis took over, going into exile in Britain.
La Marca de Satanás(" The Mark of Satan") is a 1957 Mexican film.
It was originally made as a silent, then re-released in 1930 with an added soundtrack.
Heroes of the Alamo( 1937) is a low- budget retelling of the events of the Texas Revolution and the Battle of the Alamo.
Nils R. Müller was the brother of the Stalag Luft III POW escapee Jens Müller.
Scullin quickly established himself as a leading voice in parliament, rapidly rising to become deputy leader of the party in 1927
Theeram Thedunna Thirakal is a 1993 Indian Malayalam film directed by Kaladharan.
His brother was Reginar IV, Count of Mons.
He wrote for the film "The Marriage of Mr. Mississippi", which was entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival.
Thomas Hart Benton (March 14, 1782April 10, 1858), nicknamed "Old Bullion", was a United States Senator from Missouri.
The Protestant reformer John Calvin stood as godfather to her youngest son.
Prince Alfred Louis of Liechtenstein( Alfred Aloys Eduard; 11 June 1842 in Prague – 8 October 1907 in Frauenthal castle) was the son of Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein( 1802 – 1887) and Countess Julia Eudoxia Potocka- Piława( 1818–1895), older brother of Prince Louis of Liechtenstein, and cousin and brother- in- law of Franz I of Liechtenstein.
Lloyd is a 2001 American comedy film.
Günther Kruse( born 5 July 1934) is an Argentine athlete.
The title track was a significant hit in their native Canada.
His works explore the relationship between artistic expression, advertising, and celebrity culture that flourished by the 1960s, and span a variety of media, including painting, silkscreening, photography, film, and sculpture.
His most popular commercials are for Coca-Cola, American Express, Nokia, Parker Pens, Asian Paints, Kinley and Max New York Life Insurance.
The son of Andrew St John and his wife Jane Blois, daughter of William Blois of Cockfield Hall, Suffolk, he was a nephew of Paulet St John, 8th Baron St John of Bletso and succeeded his brother Rowland St John, 10th Baron St John of Bletso to the family title in 1722.
He is best known for his film" Born in' 45".
George Pearson( OBE),( 19 March 1875 – 6 February 1973) was a pioneering English film director, producer and screenwriter, mainly in the silent film era.
Friedrich Josias, Prince of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha( Friedrich Josias Carl Eduard Ernst Kyrill Harald; 29 November 1918 – 23 January 1998) was the head of the Ducal Family of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha and titular Duke of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha from 1954 until his death.
Its content included art, literature, theatre and politics, or more accurately, political satire.
He inherited titles in the Jacobite and Spanish nobility on the death of his father in battle in 1734 at Philippsburg, during the War of the Polish Succession.
Caesar rose to become one of the most powerful politicians in the Roman Republic through a number of his accomplishments, notably his victories in the Gallic Wars, completed by 51 BC.
Hugh, in possession of two sacred relics — a finger of St. Stephen and a tooth of John the Baptist- was concerned about keeping the relics in a place that could be overrun by Moslems.
Through his daughter Marie Claudine he was the father- in- law of Joakim Lehmkuhl, through his daughter Mabel Anette he was the father- in- law of Harald Astrup( a son of Sigurd Astrup) and through his daughter Nini Augusta he was the father- in- law of Ernst Torp.
He is the father of actor Tom Brooke.
In addition, her younger sister was Margaret of Anjou, Queen of England.
He has appeared frequently on other TV shows, including" Dancing with the Stars The Big Bang Theory," and" Inside Amy Schumer."
Born in Imperial Russia during the reign of his uncle, Prince Nikita escaped the fate of many of his relatives who were killed by the Bolsheviks.
The following year, she had a recurring role as Amanda Fowler on the television soap opera" Neighbours".
Björk Guðmundsdóttir (born 21 November 1965) is an Icelandic singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, and DJ.
His masterpiece adaptation of Frank Norris's "McTeague" titled "Greed" is considered one of the finest and most important films ever made.
It was an adaptation of the 1895 British novel" The Woman Who Did" by Grant Allen.
The Crocodile River is a river in South Africa.
Sir Geoffrey Cory- Wright, 3rd Baronet( 26 August 1892 – 23 March 1969) was the 3rd Baronet Cory- Wright.
He led a section of the government's civil bureaucracy as one of the co-serving Vice Premiers of the People's Republic of China from 1954 onwards, becoming First Vice Premier from 1964.
After study of science in Berlin, Rittau started his career in 1919 at the documentary- film department of Decla, later at Universum Film AG.
All World: The Greatest
Wilkinson was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Costume Design for the 2013 film" American Hustle".
He wrote the plot and songs for "Luces de Buenos Aires", directed by the Chilean Adelqui Millar.
Saša Gedeon (born 29 August 1970 in Prague) is a Czech director.
She represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song" Fuego".
He was a Fellow of the Royal Geographical Society and was awarded a knighthood in 1886.
( English:" The Power of Turmeric Signifying the Marital Bond") is a 1959 Indian Tamil drama film, produced by D. Madhusudhana Rao under Annapurna Pictures banner and directed by Adurthi Subba Rao.
Peter Blakeley is an Australian White Soul/ Adult Contemporary singer and songwriter.
He moved briefly to Wiesbaden in 1722, but returned to Saarbrücken later that year, then moved to Idstein in 1723.
It was written by Tamia along with Warren Felder, Alicia Renee Williams, and Andrew Wansel for her sixth studio album "Love Life" (2015), while production was helmed by Felder and Wansel under their production moniker Pop & Oak.
Princess Christina Margarethe of Hesse( 10 January 1933 – 22 November 2011) was the eldest daughter of Prince Christoph of Hesse, nephew of Germany's last emperor Wilhelm II, and of Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark.
He was a pioneer of Variety Theatre, and one of the few tango lyrical writers that has reached timeless classical success.
James Louis Word( born c. 1953) is an American politician and a Democratic former member of the Arkansas House of Representatives for District 16 from 2009 to 2015.
Further, in April, Chinese state media announced that its national broadcaster started filming a 40-part TV series on Bruce Lee to promote Chinese culture for the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics.
True as a Turtle is a 1957 British comedy film directed by Wendy Toye and starring John Gregson, Cecil Parker, June Thorburn and Keith Michell.
It takes place in Singapore under British Rule.
His titles included Servant in the Place of Truth, meaning that he worked on the excavation and decoration of the nearby royal tombs.
Gordon of Ghost City( 1933) is a Pre- Code Universal movie serial based on the novel" Oh, Promise Me!" by Peter B. Kyne, directed by Ray Taylor and starring Buck Jones and Madge Bellamy.
Alan Chipp( born 9 January 1937) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League( VFL).
The show— which proudly proclaimed in its theme song that" science rules!" —ran from 1993 to 1998 in national TV syndication.
The budget included a$ 5 million salary for Mostow and a record$ 30 million salary for Schwarzenegger.
D- Day the Sixth of June is a 1956 CinemaScope romance war film made by 20th Century Fox.
Charles K. Gifford is an American banker and businessman.
The title refers to the term used for cadets in their first year at the Institute.
The name had no geographical meaning instead the word "American" was to designate it as modern and for progress.
Robert Frederick Day( 11 September 1922 – 17 March 2017) was an English film director.
Antel himself later commented on this period," I always wanted to provide good entertainment for the people at the cinema.
Her children were kept secret, and remained largely unknown until the 20th century.
In 1942, Hawks was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for" Sergeant York".
Guy married Helvide of Baudémont, daughter of Andre of Baudémont, Seneschal of Bourgogne, and his wife Agnes.
In 1761, the company was further granted a monopoly on the sale of brandy which was used in the fortification process of Port winemaking.
Apart from being the most prominent minister in the government, he has also been considered to have been its" de facto" head.
Humphrey (IV) de Bohun (1204 – 24 September 1275) was 2nd Earl of Hereford and 1st Earl of Essex, as well as Constable of England.
She was the grandmother of the painter Jean H. Bell.
Iradier was born in Lanciego, in the province of Álava.
The film follows Siddharth's search for Tanu to confess his love for her.
" City Confidential" aired its last new episode in December 2005.
In 1972, she married American citizen Peter Ladd Jensen and settled in the United States, losing her royal title in the process.
Miranda de Pencier( born August 20, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian film and television director and producer.
Francisco IV de Benavides y Dávila, (1 November 1640, Madrid – 1716), Viceroy of Sicily, 1678–1687, Viceroy of Naples, 1687–1696, 9th Count of Santisteban del Puerto since March 1666, was the second son of Diego de Benavides, 8th Count of Santisteban (1607–1666).
She has appeared in more than 60 films and television shows since 1962.
Rebecca Maria Hall( born 3 May 1982) is a British actress.
As his only son had predeceased him, the barony became extinct upon his death.
Báky's best known film is" Münchhausen", which was released in 1943.
One Day in August is a 2001 Greek drama film directed by Constantine Giannaris.
He cooperated with his eldest brother, Béla, in revising their father's donations already during Andrew II's lifetime.
He remained in the position until 1883.
They had: Sir John de Arundel, 2nd Lord Arundel, died on 14 August 1390, and was buried at Missenden Abbey, Buckinghamshire.
It was founded in 2000 and has been owned by Springer, now Springer Nature, since 2008.
The Golden Trail is an American silent film released in 1920.
In 2006 he screened his last feature film in the VI BAFICI (
Berengaria of Portugal( c. 1198 – 27 March 1221) was a Portuguese" infanta"( princess) and Queen of Denmark, by marriage to King Valdemar II.
Her artistic legacy is important in the Loire Valley, where she spent most of her life.
He was a member of the noble von Uexküll family, which had origins in Bremen.
At the 2006 Libertarian National Convention, the Libertarian Reform Caucus attempted to repeal the pledge but failed to obtain the necessary two- thirds vote.
Hannes Stöhr (born 1970) is a German film director and screenwriter.
Star Wars Episode
It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
She is noted as being the first great female painter of post- independence Greece.
Most of the wittier and more pungent lines were lost in translation."
It crashed in Mongolia on September 13, 1971, burning to death all on board.".
This is a list of Roman Catholic churches in the city of Leicester, England.
Herod (Greek: , "Hērōdēs"; 74/73 BCE – c. 4 BCE), also known as Herod the Great and Herod I, was a Roman client king of Judea, referred to as the Herodian kingdom.
It is located west- southwest of Claryville.
Michelangelo Faggioli( 1666–1733) was an Italian lawyer and celebrated amateur composer of humorous cantatas in Neapolitan dialect.
David S. Zucker( born October 16, 1947) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.
The music was composed by Ryan Shore.
The lyrics were written by Edward Madden, the music by Percy Wenrich, and was published in 1912.
The Girl from Florida Street is a 1922 Argentine silent film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra.
Due to the success and cultural impact of his works in the horror film genre, Craven has been called a "Master of Horror".
Come Again Smith is a lost 1919 American silent comedy drama film distributed by Pathé Exchange and directed by E. Mason Hopper.
Anne Devereux, Countess of Pembroke (c. 1430 – after 25 June 1486), was an English noblewoman, who was Countess of Pembroke during the 15th century by virtue of marriage to William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke.
Another biography, "Leopoldo Torre Nilsson:
He won a gold medal at the 1958 World Ice Hockey Championships in Oslo, Norway.
Heroes of the Eastern Skies is a 1977 Taiwanese war film based on the true story of a small group of Chinese flying aces in 1937 at the beginning of the Second Sino- Japanese War, specifically the Battle of Shanghai, Battle of Nanking and the Battle of Taierzhuang.
He was the son, perhaps the second son, of Robert de Brus, 1st Lord of Annandale.
In Alabama, the Interstate Highway runs from the Mississippi state line near Grand Bay east to the Florida state line at the Perdido River.
He has won an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature( for" Who Are the DeBolts?") and several other major awards.
These achievements granted him unmatched military power and threatened to eclipse the standing of Pompey, who had realigned himself with the Senate after the death of Crassus in 53 BC.
K Train or simply K may refer to:
The film was released in the Soviet Union on November 21, 1955, and in the United States on March 3, 1956.
He died at the age of 64 due to prostate cancer.
This film was the first in Warner Bros.' Secret Service series.
The plot follows three friends, Jalal, Naser and Khosrow, who organize the burglary of a jewelry shop.
According to Kesha, the song's lyrics are representative of her and based on her life; the song has a carefree message and talks about not letting anything bring you down.
After her husband's election as vice president in 1920, the family moved to Washington, D.C., living at the Willard Hotel.
Francisco Fernández de la Cueva y de la Cueva, 7th Duke of Alburquerque( in full)( Cuéllar, 1575 – Madrid, 18 July 1637) was a Spanish nobleman, military and politician.
Frederick Augustus Berkeley, 5th Earl of Berkeley( 24 May 1745 – 8 August 1810) was a British peer.
His unit lost 60 officers and about half of soldiers but did not retreat.
When Sennedjem's tomb was found, in it there was regular furniture from his home, including a stool and a bed, which he actually used when he was alive.
Jaccard retired in 1944 and died in Los Angeles, California, 1960.
The transaction close is subject to review and approval by the Federal Communications Commission, along with other regulatory authorities, which is expected to take several months.
Wolf Peter Rilla( 16 March 1920 – 19 October 2005) was a film director and writer of German background, although he worked mainly in the United Kingdom.
Though he was not successful in that race, Seward was elected governor in 1838 and won a second two-year term in 1840.
It stars Bob Steele in his second talking picture playing the title role and was released by Tiffany Pictures.
He was the grandfather of Emperor Yōzei.
The Bosporan Kingdom was briefly annexed to the empire, and the First Jewish–Roman War began.
Precis som
Pavithran, who later directed many critically acclaimed Malayalam films produced the film.
" It's in the Bag" can refer to:
Peters is known for his work as an advocate for Open Access, open infrastructure for Open Science, and research integrity in the published literature.
They also had a daughter named Eleanor le Despencer, who married Sir Hugh de Courtenay, feudal baron of Okehampton.
Karl Kuno Thure Freiherr von Uexküll (March 15, 1908, Heidelberg – September 29, 2004, Freiburg) was a German scholar of psychosomatic medicine and biosemiotics.
Ancient Chinese texts recorded that King Zhao of Zhou, the grandson of King Cheng of Zhou, led an expedition against Chu, but Zhou was defeated and King Zhao himself drowned in the Han River in 977 BCE.
He liked them and sighed: 'What do you think this music would sound like with Sinatra?'"
His good performances earned him a move to K.A.A. Gent in 2010.
It was released on February 17, 1919.
Like Minds is a 2006 Australian thriller film written and directed by Gregory J. Read.
The film stars Robert Taylor, Richard Todd( who participated in the Normandy landings in real life), Dana Wynter, and Edmond O'Brien.
Angela Robinson( born February 14, 1971) is an American film and television director, screenwriter and producer.
Edmund Grey, 1st Earl of Kent (26 October 141622 May 1490), English administrator, nobleman and magnate, was the son of Sir John Grey, KG and Constance Holland.
He attended the Oscars when his film "Helicopter Canada" was nominated.
For his first seven years in Western Australia, Chopin worked in the prison hospitals at Fremantle and later Albany, dispensing medicine.
The war drama biopic" American Sniper"( 2014) set box- office records for the largest January release ever and was also the largest opening ever for an Eastwood film.
Charles Herbert Jenkins( born 17 June 1878) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League.
After the deaths of Chris Bell in 1978, and both Alex Chilton and Andy Hummel in 2010, Stephens is the last surviving original member of Big Star.
In a letter written at Sanluri on 3 February 1392, he announced having repossessed all the territories lost to the Aragonese in 1388.
The Culișer Canal is an artificial canal, starting from the river Crișul Negru upstream of the village of Tăut in Romania.
Barbara Schett and Patty Schnyder were the defending champions and won in the final 6 – 3, 6 – 2 against Silvia Farina Elia and Francesca Schiavone.
Justin( century) was a Latin writer who lived under the Roman Empire.
Neramu Siksha( నేరము – శిక్ష)( English: Crime and Punishment) is a 1973 Telugu drama film written and produced by M. Balaiah with adapted screenplay and direction by K. Viswanath.
Huo Kuizhang was a KMT general from Hunan.
Countess Catharina Belgica of Nassau (31 July 1578 – 12 April 1648) was a countess of Hanau-Münzenberg by marriage to Philip Louis II, Count of Hanau-Münzenberg, and regent of Hanau-Münzenberg from 1612 until 1626.
In 1832, Washington Irving visited the post and described it in "Tour of the Prairies".
Dedicated to the memory of Ilya Oleynikov, the film premiered on August 21, 2014.
He attended school at the Liceu do Ceará.
Kristiina Elstelä( 10 January 1943 – 26 June 2016) was a Finnish actress, who acted in many TV shows and movies.
Prince
She was the stepmother of Eliza Wigham and the second wife of John Wigham.
Bombay Dreams is a Swedish comedy film from 2004.
Le Borg died in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack.
Giselle Norman is an English fashion model.
Karl Anton's elder brothers were William, Prince of Hohenzollern and Ferdinand I of Romania.
New Morning Films took on world sales of the film in early 2015.
In 2005 Wagenhofer directed the long documentary" We Feed the World", produced by Allegro Film.
She died unmarried and without issue.
The plot is an entertainment industry farce about filmmakers trying to make deals during the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
Wenceslaus III Adam of Cieszyn (December 1524 – 4 November 1579) was a Duke of Cieszyn from 1528 until his death.
Morris Harvey( 1877– 1944) was a British actor and writer.
He served in this position until March 1700/1.
i Norge" (1992) pertained to the field of gender and sexuality studies, and the former became controversial.
Karl became Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg upon his father's death on 27 February 1831.
In her most notable film," Venus Beauty Institute", Marshall touched on the theme of finding love from a female perspective, and how it can fundamentally be more difficult because of how it strays from the traditional dynamic of courtship.
The film premiered on September 1, 1958.
Robert V de Brus( Robert de Brus), 5th Lord of Annandale( ca. 1215 – 31 March or 3 May 1295), was a feudal lord, justice and constable of Scotland and England, a regent of Scotland, and a competitor for the Scottish throne in 1290/ 92 in the Great Cause.
Rear Admiral was a senior officer in the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.
In the "Annals of the Four Masters" it is Maenach who is referred to as chief of the Uí Briúin.
Equivalent terms include" beyond the black stump" and" dingo woop woop"( also Australia), “ the boondocks ”( Southern United States) and “ out in the sticks ” or" the back of beyond"( UK).
He played Jeff Greene on the HBO show" Curb Your Enthusiasm", Mort Meyers on" Arrested Development" for Fox and Netflix and Murray Goldberg, the patriarch of the eponymous family in the ABC sitcom" The Goldbergs".
Unable to marry, she herself became a mistress with illegitimate children, taking Ferdinand de Rohan, Archbishop of Bordeaux, as her lover.
Calpurnia was the either the third or fourth wife of Caesar, and the one to whom he was married at the time of his assassination.
They mainly focus on mobile and console games, and software for business purposes.
The film and radio show are, in part, artifacts of the McCarthy era, as well as a time capsule of American society during the Second Red Scare.
Tina Bara( born 18 March 1962, Kleinmachnow) is a German photographer who began her career in the German Democratic Republic Before reunification, she was in touch with peace movement in the German Democratic Republic.
Robert II de Brus," le Meschin( the Cadet)"( fl. 1138, died or 1194), was a 12th- century Norman noble and 2nd Lord of Annandale.
Albert Elmer Austin( November 15, 1877 – January 26, 1942) was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives from 1939 to 1941 and member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from 1917 to 1919 and from 1921 to 1923.
It is the Spanish- language version of" Way for a Sailor" directed by Sam Wood.
François Dompierre C.M. (born July 1, 1943) is a Canadian musician, songwriter and composer, best known as a composer of film scores.
Albert Frederick Fritz Mutti, III( born 13 February 1938) is a retired American Bishop of the United Methodist Church, elected in 1992.
Maroon is a dark reddish purple or dark brownish red colour.
It stars Sara García.
He worked at Los Angeles radio station KFVD, achieving some fame from playing hillbilly music; made friends with Will Geer and John Steinbeck; and wrote a column for the communist newspaper "People's World" from May 1939 to January 1940.
Alexander "Alex P" Papaconstantinou (Greek: Αλέξανδρος "Άλεξ" Παπακωνσταντίνου; born 29 December 1979 in Brännkyrka, Sweden), is a Greek-Swedish songwriter and music producer of Greek origin.
The Wagga Wagga railway station is a heritage- listed railway station and now museum and railway station located on the Main South line in Wagga Wagga, in the City of Wagga Wagga local government area of New South Wales, Australia.
The Claws of the Hun is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Victor Schertzinger and written by Ella Stuart Carson and R. Cecil Smith.
Christensen directed 54 different films between 1946 and his retirement.
A Ghost at Noon may refer to:
In 1745, he was made Generalissimo in Italy and was victorious the following year at the Battle of Piacenza.
He won scholarships to Upper Canada College( graduating in 1926) and Trinity College, Toronto( class of 1930) where he majored in German and played ice hockey, football, and cricket.
The Lin family, including Lin Biao, Ye Qun, and Lin Liguo, attempted to flee after the coup failed.
Guy was associated with Barisan the Old, who travelled in the Holy Land with Hugh II of Le Puiset, as well as Hugh ’s uncle Guy of Le Puiset.
On 20 July 1153, Sancha married Sancho VI of Navarre.
It discharges into the Crișul Repede in Groși.
The Bodești is a left tributary of the river Crișul Alb in Romania.
He was the second son of Andrew II of Hungary and Gertrude of Merania.
Industrial Light& Magic( ILM) and Stan Winston created the special effects, as they did for the previous film.
Kjønn
I- 10 is the primary east – west highway of the Gulf Coast region of Alabama.
Ford performed the song on his 1956 platinum album" Hymns".
He retired in 1953 and moved to Paris with his actress wife Genevieve Tobin.
Meyer is known primarily for writing and directing a series of successful sexploitation films that featured campy humor, sly satire and large- breasted women, such as" Faster, Pussycat!
During the Italian Wars, Anne also became queen consort of Naples, from 1501 to 1504, and duchess consort of Milan, in 1499–1500 and from 1500 to 1512.
Publication ceased in 1890 following Becker's death.
He was born in Los Angeles, California and died in Soquel, California.
William, Prince of Hohenzollern  (7 March 1864 in Schloss Benrath, near Düsseldorf – 22 October 1927 in Sigmaringen) was the eldest son of Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern and Infanta Antónia of Portugal.
The film's sets were designed by Léon Barsacq, credited as the art director.
In 1152 Mujir ad- Din again besieged Bosra, until the governor of the city agreed to his demands and he returned to Damascus.
Friedrich Count of Lippe- Biesterfeld( 10 May 1852 Mechernich- 15 August 1892) was Count of Lippe- Biesterfeld.
The entire staff at the theatre, under Nelson's management, had subscribed 15% their payroll during the four-week drive.
She had a No. 6 hit as a featured artist on Kylie Minogue's 1991 song" Shocked", and also participated in in 2014.
According to the" Anales castellanos primeros", he participated in the Battle of Simancas in 939, where he is one of only two participating counts named, the other being Fernán González of Castile.
Ning eventually graduated from the Beijing Film Academy in 2003 with a degree from the Photography Department.
Used mainly for irrigation and drainage, it crosses the city of Salonta and then flows into Hungary.
The couple went on to have five children.
Etan Boritzer( born 1950) is an American writer of children ’s literature who is best known for his book" What is God?" first published in 1989.
Friedrich was the second- eldest son of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg and Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse- Kassel and an elder brother of Christian IX of Denmark.
S.N. Mathur was the Director of the Indian Intelligence Bureau between September 1975 and February 1980.
Mihály Kertész (1905); December 24, 1886 April 11, 1962) was a Hungarian-born American film director, recognized as one of the most prolific directors in history.
Ali Abbasi (born 1981, Tehran) is an Iranian-Danish film director and screenplay writer.
He joined the local entertainment industry in 2001 after earning a bachelor's degree in Economics from the University of Texas at Austin, and have since been an actor on stage and on TV.
It ran for more than 50 days at the box office.
Cuddly Dudley (22 May 1924 – 15 July 2011), born Dudley Heslop, was an English rock & roll singer, and actor, who came to fame on the "Oh Boy!" TV series, and is noted for being "Britain's first black rock & roller".
Roberto Jorge D' Alessandro di Ninno( born 28 July 1949) is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and is a current manager.
He was born the son of David Carnegie, 3rd Earl of Northesk and Elizabeth Lindsay.
" King Kong Escapes" was released in Japan on July 22, 1967 and released in the United States on June 19, 1968.
Rockefeller assembled a significant art collection and promoted public access to the arts.
While his generals led the fight against internal rebellions, al-Mu'tasim himself led the sole major external campaign of the period, in 838 against the Byzantine Empire.
He worked as Leopoldo Torre Nilsson's assistant director on four films.
Elisabeth married when she was only eight in 1366 to Albert III, Duke of Austria.
The album came out on July 31, 2001.
The family reappeared in politics with the rise of Ansegisel’s son, Pepin of Herstal.
She died with Lin Biao and their son Lin Liguo in a plane crash over Mongolia on September 13, 1971.
The film had strong similarities to the early( 1930) Hollywood film The Rogue Song by Irving Thalberg.
( Cantonese:" Gwāan Gaiwāi"; born August 20, 1971) is a Vietnamese- American actor and stunt choreographer of Han Chinese descent.
He was married to "Inez" Margareta Dahlquist, née Lindquist (1911–2004) from 1936 and they had a son; the saxophonist Robert "Bob" Dahlquist (2 September 1938–6 September 2005).
Gordon Alan Gebert( born October 17, 1941) is a former child actor predominantly known for smaller roles in films such as" Holiday Affair".
Mario Baccini( born 14 December 1957 in Rome) is an Italian politician, former member of the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats and promoter of the White Rose.
It was part of a series of films featuring the detective Philo Vance made during the 1930s and 1940s.
Although Kelly is primarily a singer-songwriter, he has written, produced, and remixed songs, singles and albums for many artists.
The lyrics and musical composition are attributed to Del Rey and Peter Ibsen.
It was also known as The Numbers.
Cecil Milton Hepworth (19 March 1874 – 9 February 1953) was a British film director, producer and screenwriter.
Ning Hao (born 9 September 1977) is a Chinese film director.
In a review of the book in "The New York Times", Orville Prescott wrote, "Everything about whaling that Herman Melville couldn't cram into "Moby-Dick" is now crammed into 'The Sea Hunters.' "
Friedrich inherited the title of Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg upon his childless brother Karl's death on 14 October 1878.
David John Carnegie, 10th Earl of Northesk (1865 – 1921), a Scottish representative peer, was born the son of Lt.-Col.
The album was recorded with almost entirely acoustic instruments.
Edmond transferred to the Sydney Swans for the 1986 VFL season, before moving to Brisbane Bears for their inaugural season in 1987.
In 1993, the Library of Congress acquired Mingus's collected papers—including scores, sound recordings, correspondence and photos—in what they described as "the most important acquisition of a manuscript collection relating to jazz in the Library's history".
This collection of gospel songs was released as a stand- alone disc six months later.
Boris, who has maintained close relations with the Spanish royal family since his father's death, speaks Spanish, English, French and some Bulgarian.
In 1773, Curtis paid taxes on at the furnace location and Peter paid taxes on at the forges location, reflecting both the size of the operation and their proportional ownership.
He married Elizabeth Georgina Frances Elliot, daughter of Admiral Sir George Elliot and Hersey Susan Sydney Wauchope, on 28 February 1865 and had four children.
Filming was done to a large extent in Singapore as well as India.
Harun sent various presents with the emissaries on their return to Charlemagne's court, including a clock that Charlemagne and his retinue deemed to be a conjuration because of the sounds it emanated and the tricks it displayed every time an hour ticked.
The" Inner Sanctum" franchise originated with a popular radio series and all of the films star Chaney Jr. The film is one of several films based on the novel" Conjure Wife" by Fritz Leiber, the others include" Night of the Eagle"( 1962) and" Witches' Brew"( 1980).
Michelle Shocked( born Karen Michelle Johnston; February 24, 1962) is an American singer- songwriter.
In 317 BC, at the suggestion of chancellor Zhang Yi, King Xiang entered into an alliance with Qin.
William Lyle Richardson (May 7, 1922 – February 25, 2006), known professionally as Darren McGavin, was an American actor.
He was appointed in 1165 by Eskil, the Danish Archbishop of Lund.
He was born at Grosvenor Square, London in 1767 and educated at Eton and St John's College, Cambridge.
Struggle for Eagle Peak is a 1960 Norwegian crime film directed by Tancred Ibsen.
The People vs. Nancy Preston is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Tom Forman and starring Marguerite De La Motte, John Bowers and Frankie Darro.
M. K. Arjunan  (fondly called as Arjunan Master) is a Kerala State Award winning Malayalam music composer from Kerala, India.
The song is included on Johnny Cash's 5- CD box set" Cash Unearthed", released posthumously in November, 2003, and featured on disc 4," My Mother's Hymn Book".
Others work to make changes after they are on the job.
He is also the founder of Zocdoc and was the company CEO for eight years.
Three other children, Mihai Tudose, and brother and sister Ana and Marian, are also profiled.
His paternal great- great- great- grandfather Sir Oliver St John of Bletsoe, Spelsbury and Lydiard Tregoze( d. 1437) was the husband of Margaret Beauchamp of Bletso, great- great- granddaughter of Roger de Beauchamp, who was summoned to Parliament as Baron Beauchamp of Bletso from 1363 to 1379.
Roy Chiao( 16 March 1927 – 15 April 1999) was a British Hong Kong- era Chinese actor most famous in the West for playing the minor villain Lao Che in the 1984 movie" Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom".
While it performed lower than expected," King Kong" made domestic and worldwide grosses that eventually added up to$ 550 million, becoming the fourth- highest- grossing film in Universal Pictures history at the time and the fifth- highest- grossing film of 2005.
It is the sixth of the 19 films in the "Troublesome Night" film series.
Her other films include "The Owl and the PussycatThe Way We Were", and "A Star Is Born", for which she received her second Academy Award, composing music for the love theme "Evergreen", the first woman to be honored as a composer.
A Remix version was released on 7 March 2000, which features the two new remix versions of the track, both mixes were remixed by Twin Towers, (an Italian project with the consisting members of Max Marani and Roberto Arduini)
Natalya Varley( born June 22, 1947) is a Soviet and Russian film and theater actress, who became famous in 1966 for her part in the comedy" Kidnapping, Caucasian Style".
The film, produced by P. S. V. Hariharan, had musical score by Sampath Selvam and was released on 27 November 1987.
According to the 2004 census( INE), the municipality has a population of 109 inhabitants.
It was also the first Tarzan film since 1939 not to feature the character Boy, adopted son of Tarzan and Jane.
The highly laudatory account of Publius's death found in Plutarch suggests that Apollonius's biography was a source.
Lee Kil- Hoon or Lee Gil- hoon( born March 6, 1983) is a South Korean footballer as a midfielder, who currently plays for Malaysia Premier League club Sabah FA.
In 2011, Luthar was awarded the Austrian Cross of Honour for Science and Art.
Veras was also a founder of Ceará state branch of the PSDB political party and contributed to the development of the Centro Industrial do Ceará (CIC) in Fortaleza, the state capital city.
Anne of Gloucester, Countess of Stafford (30 April 1383 – 16 October 1438) was the eldest daughter of Thomas of Woodstock, Duke of Gloucester, and Eleanor de Bohun.
Otto I of Nassau,( † between 3 May 1289 and 19 March 1290) was Count of Nassau and is the ancestor of the Ottonian branch of the House of Nassau.
He was educated at Neuenstein with his uncle, Count Wolfgang Julius of Hohenlohe-Neuenstein, and later in Tübingen.
That year Gwen and McNeill traveled together on foot through France, following the Garonne River.
Gyula Trebitsch (3 November 1914 - 12 December 2005) was a German film producer born in Budapest, Hungary.
The movie is based on two wrongly accused youngsters whose only lifeline is their clumsy uncle who has to go up against an undefeated prosecutor.
The Valea Satului is a left tributary of the river Crișul Alb in Romania.
Float Along – Fill Your Lungs is the third studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band King Gizzard& the Lizard Wizard.
Heathcote has since portrayed governess Victoria Winters in Tim Burton's film adaptation of" Dark Shadows", Jane Bennett in" Pride and Prejudice and Zombies", model Gigi in" The Neon Demon", Nicole Dörmer in the dystopian alternate history thriller series" The Man in the High Castle", Leila Williams, a deranged ex-lover of Christian Grey, in" Fifty Shades Darker" and Olive Byrne in" Professor Marston and the Wonder Women".
Isabel d' Albret of Navarre( 1512–1555) was the daughter of John III of Navarre( died 1516) and Catherine I of Navarre, sister and heiress of Francis Phoebus, King of Navarre.
He has been nominated for a Tony Award three times, for his orchestrations of" Catch Me If You Can"( with Marc Shaiman)," White Christmas", and" The Drowsy Chaperone".
During the war he served as Director of Naval Intelligence on the Naval Staff.
He was married to actress Ethel Patrick.
El sonriure amagat is a 2010 film.
Despite the great risk the King had taken, he merely expressed regret that he had broken the shaft of his favourite axe.
Eldon Howard was a British screenwriter.
It was a huge hit and its popularity is proved by the various communities created in its memory on social networking communities like Facebook& Orkut by its fans.
After the elections of 2009, she became more widely known as the grandmother of Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and his politician brother Kunio Hatoyama.
The company was able to achieve positive EBITDA after 5 months of its relaunch.
On his father's death in 1677, he inherited the counties of Saarbrücken and Saarwerden.
As a 16- year- old high school sophomore in 2010, Bregman became the first high school player to win the USA Baseball Player of the Year Award.
Together with Dino Risi, Ettore Scola and Mario Monicelli, he was considered among the masters of the" commedia all'italiana" genre.
He wrote hundreds of country, folk, and children's songs, along with ballads and improvised works.
She worked closely with Elsie Clews Parsons and also with Ruth Benedict on the Blackfoot.
Steven Seth Wilson is an American screenwriter of cult and mainstream science fiction, and is probably best known for writing (and occasionally directing), with writing partner Brent Maddock, the "Tremors" film and television series.
The song was the A- side to the song" Summertime".
från Mauro Scocco".
The Pledge of Allegiance to the Philippine Flag is recited at flag ceremonies immediately after the Patriotic Oath or, if the Patriotic Oath is not recited, after the national anthem.
The music was written by Gus Edwards, and the lyrics by Edward Madden.
is a song written by Lasse Dahlquist, and released as a recorded song in 1946.
She represented Switzerland at the 2019 IIHF Women's World Championship.
Björk’s fourth studio album, "Vespertine", was released in August 2001.
Charles then took the title" King of Jerusalem", and conquered Acre, holding it until 1285.
Jimmy and Judy is a 2006 independent film starring Rachael Bella as Judy and Edward Furlong as Jimmy.
Jan Baptist van Rensselaer (Amsterdam 18 March 1629–Amsterdam, 24 October 1678) was the second son of Kiliaen van Rensselaer, the first Patroon of the Manor of Rensselaerswyck.
It was shot at the Bavaria Studios in Munich.
He moved the residence of his county from Wernigerode to Ilsenburg.
" Réjeanne Padovani" and" Wedding in White" were the only two Canadian films screened at the 1973 Cannes Film Festival.
She was the third daughter( twin with Euphemia) of Przemys ł I, Duke of Greater Poland and Poznań, by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Henry II the Pious, Duke of Wrocław.
Armstrong-Jones died in Plas Dinas at the age of 85.
Sir Sidney Poitier,( born February 20, 1927) is a Bahamian- American actor and film director.
Princess" Maria Immaculata" Cristina Pia Isabella of Bourbon- Two Sicilies( Full Italian name:" Maria Immacolata Speranza Pia Teresa Cristina Filomena Lucia Anna Isabella Cecilia Apollonia Barbara Agnese Zenobia, Principessa di Borbone delle Due Sicilie")( 30 October 1874 – 28 November 1947) was the fourth child and eldest daughter of Prince Alfonso of Bourbon- Two Sicilies, Count of Caserta and his wife Princess Maria Antonietta of Bourbon- Two Sicilies.
General José María Cabral y Luna (born Ingenio Nuevo; December 12, 1816 in San Cristóbal Province – February 28, 1899 in Santo Domingo) was a Dominican military figure and politician.
A son of George Tuchet, 1st Earl of Castlehaven and 11th Baron Audley, by his wife, Lucy Mervyn, he was known by the courtesy title of Lord Audley during his father's lifetime, so is sometimes referred to as Mervyn Audley.
William Duckett Bowie( October 7, 1803 – July 18, 1873), was an American politician.
Fu Xuan( 217–278), courtesy name Xiuyi, was a Chinese historian, poet, and politician who lived in the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period and later under the Jin dynasty.
On 19 July 1923 he married Jessica Ruth Brown, they divorced in 1928.
The film was released in Tamil as" My Dear Lisa".
Stelvio Massi( 26 March 1929 – 26 March 2004), sometimes credited" Max Steel", was an Italian director known for his poliziotteschi films.
The song received wide acclaim from music critics, who chose the song as a highlight of "21" and praised the lyrics, its simple sound and Adele's vocal performance.
The Naked Man is a 1998 comedy film, produced by Naked Man Productions, directed by J. Todd Anderson and co-written by Anderson and Ethan Coen.
The film stars Anthony Mackie, Adewale Akinnuoye- Agbaje, Jennifer Hudson, Jordin Sparks and Jeffrey Wright.
He succeeded his father in 1106 and completed the construction of the Abbey of Orval that his father had started in 1070, installing the canons in 1124.
Born in Hungary, where he began his career, he worked briefly in the Austrian and German film industries during the era of silent films, before being based in Hollywood from 1926 to 1930 for the first of his two brief periods there (the other was during World War II).
21 ème Siècle is a 2004 film from Senegal.
The film is considered one of the best films of 2013, appearing on several critics' year- end lists.
Jody Stephens( born October 4, 1952) is an American drummer, who has played in Big Star( with Alex Chilton of the Box Tops) and Golden Smog( with members of the Jayhawks and Soul Asylum).
Meet Marvelous Mbulo, the lady-killing lead singer, whose wit provides the film's heart.
They agreed to share the estates between them, and to make the husband of the eldest sister Christian, William de Forz, Earl of Chester and Huntingdon by right of his wife.
Princess" Lucia" Maria Raniera of Bourbon- Two Sicilies( 9 July 1908 in Munich – 3 November 2001 in São Paulo) was a Princess of Bourbon- Two Sicilies by birth.
Although largely forgotten by history books and often confused with composer Francis" Frank" Johnson, he helped define the sound of African- American fiddle and brass- band music in the mid-19th century.
In 2019, he is going to be awarded with a Honorary Golden Lion at the 76th Venice International Film Festival.
Their mainstay members were Rebecca Barnard on lead vocals and her then- domestic partner, Shane O'Mara on lead guitar.
Walram II of Nassau,( – 24 January 1276), was Count of Nassau and is the ancestor of the Walramian branch of the House of Nassau.
"Serial Killer" is an unreleased song recorded by American singer and songwriter Lana Del Rey.
When William Cory& Son was floated as a limited liability company in 1896, Arthur Cory- Wright joined the Board of Directors when his father was elected its first Chairman.
War injuries sapped his health, and he died in 1875.
In 1461 Herbert was rewarded by King Edward IV with the title Baron Herbert of Raglan (having assumed an English-style surname in place of the Welsh patronymic), and was invested as a Knight of the Garter.
He produced" District 9"( 2009)," The Adventures of Tintin"( 2011)," West of Memphis"( 2012), and" Mortal Engines"( 2018).
Semshook is a 2010 Indian film about one man's search for truth on a journey across the Himalayas.
D. António de Mendonça( 1600 – 13 February 1675, in Lisbon) was Archbishop of Lisbon between 1670 and his death.
The description is of life" in the king's old city", which is never named but may have been Copenhagen, given the provenance of the song.
Her second novel," I Always Loved You," was published by Penguin on February 4, 2014.
A multi-page supplement in" The Star- Ledger" featured" A Great Day in Jersey," while a Dutch photograph was titled" A Great Day in Haarlem."
She was often fondly referred to as Marijke Meu (Aunt Mary) by her Dutch subjects.
Vivian Vanessa Kubrick( born August 5, 1960), also credited under the pseudonym Abigail Mead, is an American- born filmmaker and composer, known for her work with her father, filmmaker Stanley Kubrick.
He is known for portraying younger Hank Pym in" Ant- Man" and it s sequel" Ant- Man and the Wasp".
He made nearly 30 films, the latter ones being especially notable:" La Ronde"( 1950)," Le Plaisir"( 1952)," The Earrings of Madame de …"( 1953) and" Lola Montès"( 1955).
The magazine proved very popular in smaller cities but was less successful in bigger cities where local student publications were more dominant.
He was probably the son of Thibaud of Montmorency, but some sources say that his father was named Milo.
General Robert Taylor or Taylour (26 November 1760 – 23 April 1839) styled The Honourable from birth, was an Irish soldier and politician.
Go Boating" (1974), and "La Belle Noiseuse" (1991).
James Thackara( born 7 December 1944, Los Angeles) is an American writer who has lived in the United Kingdom since 1971 and became a British citizen in 2007.
Mann has performed with numerous other artists including as one of Bat for Lashes ’" Blue Dreams" on her Radiohead support tour and as solo accompanist to Patrick Wolf on his" Sundark Riverlight" Acoustic World Tour.
It was there that he came to the attention of Abu Ishaq, the younger brother of Caliph al- Ma'mun( r. 813–833) and future Caliph al- Mu'tasim, who valued is expert knowledge on taxation and agriculture.
In January 1058, Leo de Benedicto Christiano threw open the city gates to him and Beatrice after the election of Pope Nicholas II.
Part of its flow is diverted into the Canalul Morilor, which flows parallel to the south of the Crișul Alb.
"Don't Ever Go Away (Por Causa de Você)" aka "Por Causa de Você (Because of You)" is a bossa nova song composed in 1957 by Antônio Carlos Jobim, with original lyrics by Dolores Duran.
Mary Cyrene Burch Breckinridge (August 16, 1826 – October 8, 1907) was the wife of John C. Breckinridge and served as the Second Lady of the United States from March 4, 1857 until March 4, 1861, while her husband was the 14th Vice President of the United States.
By the 1930s, he was an intimidating figure dominating an office in which there was a strict hierarchy of professions.
Although Albarn is the only permanent musical contributor, Gorillaz albums typically feature collaborations from a range of artists.
He had at least nine children with his wife Sophie Choteau.
She won the British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actress for the 2009 Channel 4 miniseries" Red Riding: 1974".
Her parliamentary committee assignments included the Welfare, and Public Enterprises committees as well as the" ad hoc" committee on Surrogate Motherhood.
Greed, betrayal and revenge quickly overcome their friendship.
" The Greater Glory" is sometimes listed as" The Viennese Medley", the title of Edith O'Shaughnessy's novel of which the film is based.
Sir William de Fenton, Lord of Baikie and Beaufort, was a 13th- 14th century Scottish noble.
Quinta is the stage name of Katherine Mann, a London- based multi-instrumentalist, solo artist, composer and session player.
From 2006 to 2008 he was vice- president of the Senate.
Moses Hung-Wai Chan  is a Chinese-American physicist who is Evan Pugh Professor at Pennsylvania State University.
In 2003," Rolling Stone" ranked it No. 272 on its list of The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.
He is signed to Sony/ ATV and has released 5 top 10 singles, and written and recorded many others, including" Where Did We Go?" with Carly Rae Jepsen.
William Brown( 1717-1782)- or William Brown of Throckley as he was sometimes known- was an English mining engineer, waggonway constructor and steam engine builder who played a major role in the development of the coal mining industry in the North East of England and also elsewhere in Britain and Ireland.
He was the second eldest son of Count Simon VII of Lippe and his wife Anne Catherine of Nassau-Wiesbaden-Idstein (1590-1622).
Veras was born in Crateús, Ceará, in 1935.
It was written and directed by Michal Vinik, starring Sivan Noam Shimon, Jade Sakori and Dvir Benedek.
By birth, she is a member of the House of Kinsky.
Another daughter of the marriage, D. Joana, was married to D. Jaime, 4th duke of Bragança.
The next year, Del Rey ventured into film as she wrote, directed and starred in the short music film, "Tropico", and released "Young and Beautiful" as the lead single for the romantic drama film "The Great Gatsby" (2013).
He was credited for more than 60 films.
Dors performed the film's theme song over the opening titles.
His daughter Eleonora became Holy Roman Empress.
The film was directed by Lasse Hallström, and is an adaptation of Nicholas Sparks' 2010 novel of the same name.
He took only as his fee as the singer.
Del Rey subsequently issued her sophomore major label effort, "Ultraviolence" (2014), to critical success, topping the charts and spawning the single, "West Coast".
The short film" Throat Song" was her debut as a director.
He reached an artistic peak in the late 1950s with albums such as "The Beat of My Heart" and "Basie Swings, Bennett Sings".
Alois has been regent of Liechtenstein  since 15 August 2004.
La venus maldita(" Love for Spain") is a 1967 Argentine and Mexican erotic drama film musical entirely shot in Peru and directed by Alfredo B. Crevenna.
Uday Tikekar (Marathi: उदय टिकेकर) is an Indian film and television actor.
The film marks the final film role for actor Red West.
The film became the first Italian sound horror film production.
He was succeeded by his son, King Xiang of Wei.
St. Mary's Residential Public School, formerly St. Mary's Residential Central School, Tiruvalla, is a senior secondary schools in Tiruvalla, India.
Wright had a hit in the United States at the age of 14 with the song" The Man in the Raincoat" in 1955.
At some point Louis was released.
It features a set of Russian romances written by Bella Akhmadulina, Marina Tsvetaeva and Eldar Ryazanov, composed by Andrey Petrov and Nina Shatskaya and performed by Valentina Ponomaryova.
Her own works "Tvang til seksualitet" (1986) and "Sex
Emperor Zhao of Han (94 BC – 5 June 74 BC), born Liu Fuling, was the emperor of the Western Han dynasty from 87 to 74 BC.
Sylvestre de Laval( 15701616) was a French Roman Catholic theologian.
Starring Boris Karloff as Fu Manchu, and featuring Myrna Loy as his depraved daughter, the movie revolves around Fu Manchu's quest for the golden sword and mask of Genghis Khan.
He died in Los Angeles in 1985 at the age of 89.
It was directed by John Hyams.
He was the second son of William I of Jülich and Joanna of Hainaut.
He co-founded Amblin Entertainment and DreamWorks Studios, where he has also served as a producer or executive producer for several successful film trilogies, tetralogies and more including the" GremlinsBack to the FutureMen in Black", and the" Transformers" series.
Sergio Reyes Jr.( born October 28, 1969) is an American boxer.
Elizabeth Berkeley, Countess Berkeley( c.1720 – 29 June 1792), formerly Elizabeth Drax, was a British court official, the wife of Augustus Berkeley, 4th Earl of Berkeley.
José-Antonio Campos- Ortega( 1940– 2004) was a German neurobiologist born in Valencia Spain.
Manuel Romeo (September 21, 1891 – October 3, 1954 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film director, screenwriter, dramatist and score composer, and one of the influential directors in the cinema of Argentina of the classic era.
Henry Paget, 4th Marquess of Anglesey( 25 December 1835 – 13 October 1898) was a British peer.
They broadcast old films and also sought to broadcast new work from small independent producers.
He was born in Watertown, New York and died in Los Angeles, California.
" Why Did I Get Married?
John Hopkins( born in 1949, at Polegate in East Sussex) is a British composer.
He has a Ph.D in geology.
Curtiz was already a well-known director in Europe when Warner Bros. invited him to Hollywood in 1926, when he was 39 years of age.
Balaji Mohan( born on 25 May 1987) is an Indian film director.
Beatrix of Nuremberg( Nuremberg – 10 June 1414, Perchtoldsdorf) was a daughter of Frederick V, Burgrave of Nuremberg and his wife Elisabeth of Meissen.
It was succeeded as Danish representative at the 1961 Contest by Dario Campeotto with" Angelique".
Ackbar's first name, Gial, was not established until April 2012.
She represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016 with the song" Sing It Away".
In the letter to Catherine II of Russia he wrote: "I expect from v. V. of the resolution of the boundary local matter not on the Polish statutes, but on the zbornomu (cathedral) packing code".
Dürrenmatt wrote" The Pledge" to refine the theme he originally developed in the screenplay for the 1958 German film" It Happened in Broad Daylight" with Heinz Rühmann.
"Someone like You" was the first recipient of the Grammy Award for Best Pop Solo Performance, at the 54th Grammy Awards, held on 12 February 2012.
After reapportionment in 1854 made his re-election unlikely, he declined to run for another term.
His first play, "Teatro breve" is from 1919 with the collaboration of Ivo Pelay.
He immediately reaffirmed the treaty with Aragon, but the real power at that time lay with Brancaleone.
Shake, Rattle& Roll
Woody Harrelson was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor and Miloš Forman for an Academy Award for Best Director at the 69th Academy Awards, but both lost.
Alan Ormsby wrote the screenplay, basing it loosely on the story by DeWitt Bodeen, the screenwriter for the original" Cat People"( 1942).
She is the spouse of Euclid Tsakalotos, former Greek Minister of Finance.
The Keeper of the Bees is a 1925 American drama film written and directed by James Leo Meehan.
Gertrude of Saxony and Bavaria( 1152/55–1197) was Duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Duke Frederick IV, and Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Canute VI.
A list of films produced in Japan ordered by year in the 1970s.
The film was selected as the Portuguese entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 62nd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Man's Search for Happiness is a 13- minute film produced by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints( LDS Church).
Adolf enrolled in the imperial army in 1676 and participated in the battle of Philippsburg in the Alsace in 1677.
The film was directed by Mikhail Romm with E. Aron and I. Simkov as co-directors.
He put Doris Day and John Garfield on screen for the first time, and he made stars of Errol Flynn, Olivia de Havilland, and Bette Davis.
The Lamp Still Burns is a 1943 British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Rosamund John, Stewart Granger and Godfrey Tearle.
Elsie Cotton( née. Hodder, 8 April 1886 – 16 December 1962), known professionally as Lily Elsie, was an English actress and singer during the Edwardian era.
Between 1922 and his death in 1965
She was a daughter of Charles I, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel, and Maria Amalia of Courland.
Darryal Edgar Wilson( born September 19, 1960) is a former American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the New England Patriots.
It is the true story of a German pioneer aviator, Albrecht Berblinger, in the late 18th century.
Catherine of Cleves (25 May 1417 – 10 February 1479) was Duchess of Guelders by marriage to Arnold, Duke of Guelders.
Secret Service of the Air (also known as Murder Plane) is a 1939 American adventure film directed by Noel M. Smith and starring Ronald Reagan.
The album was produced by Maurice Gibb.
In 1749, he was called to the bar by Lincoln's Inn. Burrell sat as Member of Parliament( MP) in the British House of Commons for Launceston from 1759 to 1768 and subsequently for Totnes to 1774.
She died at König, Starkenburg, Hesse-Darmstadt, on 31 January 1750, at age 50.
Set in 1915, the film focuses on the lives of Indian freedom fighters incarcerated in the Cellular Jail( or" Kālā Pānī") in Andaman and Nicobar Islands during the British Raj.
She is known for her portrayal as younger Janet van Dyne/ The Wasp in" Ant- Man" and its sequel" Ant- Man and the Wasp" and for her portrayal as Sage on" The Gifted".
Craig Redding Baxley( born October 20, 1949 in Los Angeles, California) is an American director, stunt coordinator, stunt performer and occasional actor.
The Italians They Are Crazy( Italian: Gli italiani sono matti) is a 1958 Italian- German comedy film directed by Duilio Coletti and Luis María Delgado and starring Victor McLaglen, Folco Lulli and Gabriella Pallotta.
It was in this king's tomb that the "Bamboo Annals" were discovered in 279 AD, an event referred to as the Jizhong discovery.
Grace Anna Coolidge ("née" Goodhue; January 3, 1879 – July 8, 1957) was the wife of the 30th President of the United States, Calvin Coolidge.
She was the daughter of Albert Frederick, Duke of Prussia, and Marie Eleonore of Cleves.
He held office in three of the Liberal administrations of William Ewart Gladstone.
Since 2003 there is no full- time tenant, but the airport is used by Ministry of Natural Resources( Ontario) water bombers.
The film is now regarded as one of the classics in Malayalam cinema.
"Dom" Pedro II (Peter II; 26 April 1648 – 9 December 1706), nicknamed "the Pacific", was the King of Portugal from 1683 until his death, previously serving as regent for his brother Afonso VI from 1668 until his own accession.
He was the Grandfather of industrialist Paul Wittouck.
Sophia's second marriage was childless.
Afflicted with tuberculosis, Prince Feodor moved to England with his mother spending the years of World War II there.
He is regarded as one of the greatest English poets and remains widely read and influential.
The film stars Robert Forster as a psychiatrist who gives a motorist( Amanda Plummer) a lift after her car breaks down.
His maternal grandparents were William Cavendish, 1st Duke of Newcastle and his first wife Elizabeth Basset.
Two years later his short film" Das Loch" was shown at the Kraków Film Festival.
This award is presented to the directors of the film.
Eleanor of Castile( after 1363 – 27 February 1416) was an infanta of Castile and the Queen consort of Navarre.
He is the husband of actress Cate Blanchett.
" Short Term 12" premiered on March 10, 2013 at South by Southwest, where it won the Grand Jury and Audience Awards for a Narrative Feature.
Despite financial failure in its theatrical release, the film has enjoyed success on VHS, DVD and Blu-ray, and has developed a cult following.
George Gibbs is a special effects artist who is most known for his work in" Indiana Jones and the Temple of DoomWho Framed Roger Rabbit" and" Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade".
By marriage Hedwig was Duchess of Żagań.
Jane Wigham( née Smeal; 1801–1888) was a leading Scottish abolitionist.
1358 –
Mirrors appear frequently to symbolize self- obsession, which Cléo embodies.
His uncle was cinematographer Carlos Torres Ríos (1898–1956).
During the War of the Spanish Succession he only served in an advisory role.
In 2012, the Government of India honoured him with Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award for his contribution towards the arts.
Hot 100 chart for 9 consecutive weeks.
His only son, Prince Philip, served in the British navy during World War II, while all four of his daughters were married to Germans, three of whom had Nazi connections.
City Park( German: Stadtpark) is a 1951 Austrian comedy drama film directed by Hubert Marischka and starring Annie Rosar, Peter Czejke and Erik Frey.
In 1935, he was awarded the Heywood prize for the design of reinforced concrete flats.
The production of both films was aided by the gay pornographic studio NakedSword.
He served as the first Supreme Chief of the Dominican Republic from August 4, 1865 to November 15 of that year and again officially as president from August 22, 1866 until January 3, 1868.
Western Washington University was founded in 1886, initially as Northwest Normal School for teachers, and was first located in Lynden, Washington.
Following Marianus' death, Arborea passed to William III of Narbonne.
In 1056 and 1059, by the treaties of Andernach, Baldwin received the March of Ename in the Landgraviate of Brabant, probably in exchange for giving up the March of Valenciennes, which was confiscated by Emperor Henry III in 1045.
Rudolf Kruse( born 12 September 1952 in Rotenburg/ Wümme) is a German computer scientist and mathematician.
Edward Buzzell (November 13, 1895 – January 11, 1985) was an American film director whose credits include "Child of Manhattan" (1933); "Honolulu" (1939); the Marx Brothers films "At the Circus" (1939) and "Go West" (1940); the musicals "Best Foot Forward" (1943), "Song of the Thin Man" (1947), and "Neptune's Daughter" (1949); and "Easy to Wed".
Rilla is known for directing" Village of the Damned"( 1960).
His work and life story have been the subject of a number of books and television documentaries.
arbeid(et)
In 2006 Elstelä was one of the competitors in" Dancing with the Stars" television series.
These are used on automated filling systems where the bag is separated on line either before the bag is automatically filled or after.
The film was also known as" The Amazing Nellie Bly".
They had several children, including William Henry Paget, a Major-General in the Indian Army.
Lieutenant- General Sir William Erskine, 1st Baronet( 1728 – 19 March 1795) was a British Army commander and the 1st Baronet of the Erskine of Torrie creation.
His father, a favourite of Edward II of England, was executed in 1326.
Francisco de Orellana is a town in the Loreto Region where there is a statue in memory of Francisco de Orellana, the first European who discovered the Amazon river in 1542.
He entered the family fur trading business, but he later served as captain of the territorial militia during the War of 1812.
Miloš Zličić( born 29 December 1999) is a Serbian football forward.
In 1950 he founded The Word Foundation, Inc. to keep "Thinking and Destiny" and all of his other works in print.
Bolko IV of Opole (1363/67 – 6 May 1437), was a Duke of Strzelce and Niemodlin during 1382–1400 (with his brothers as co-rulers), Duke of Opole from 1396 (until 1400 with his brother as co-ruler, except Olesno).
It is a 50- minute experimental film in Direct Cinema style.
Witold Leszczyński( 16 August 1933 – 1 September 2007) was a Polish film director and screenwriter.
Augusta Minna, Duchess Dowager of Norfolk, died on 22 March 1886, and was buried at Fitzalan Chapel in the grounds of Arundel Castle.
He was the youngest son of Otto III, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg, by his unknown first wife.
Elinor Burkett( born October 9, 1946) is an American journalist, author, film producer, and documentary director.
It is their second studio album after 2013's" Citizens" release with label mates BEC Recordings.
He was appointed Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2016 New Year Honours for services to music.
His Last Dollar is a lost 1914 American comedy silent film directed by Frank Powell and written by David Higgins.
She was said to have been named after her godmother, Louise de La Vallière, the woman that her mother had replaced as the king's mistress.
Cinematographer Bradford Young won Sundance 2013's Cinematography Award: U.S. Dramatic for his work on this film and" Ai n't Them Bodies SaintsMother of George" was also selected as the closing night film at the 2013 Maryland Film Festival.
She also won number of East and Central African championships over 200 and 400 metres
The Bag Man( also known as Motel or The Carrier) is a 2014 crime thriller film directed by David Grovic.
The purpose of the edit, according to creator Mike J. Nichols, was to make a much stronger version of" The Phantom Menace" based on the previous execution and philosophies of film storytelling and editing of George Lucas.
Donne con le gonne(" Women in Skirts") is a 1991 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti.
The film was ordered by Nazi propaganda minister Goebbels to celebrate the 25th anniversary of UFA and to compete with Hollywood productions.
Herbert L. Strock (January 13, 1918 – November 30, 2005) was an American television producer and director, and a B-movie director of titles such as
It is based on a play" Come Again Smith" by John H. Blackwood.
Princess Antoinette of Saxe- Altenburg( 17 April 1838 – 13 October 1908) was a princess of Saxe- Altenburg by birth and Duchess of Anhalt by marriage.
As founder of his own production company, he produced the film" African Independence", which premiered at the San Diego Black Film Festival in January 2013.
He married Anne Melville, daughter of Alexander Melville, 5th Earl of Leven and Elizabeth Monypenny, on 30 April 1748 and had six children:
Jesús Alejandro Cruz Gutiérrez( born 26 November 1951) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party.
Rather than being a straightforward procedural, the installments began by focusing on the history and spirit of the city chosen.
He was the father- in- law of Henry Newton( politician).
His personal best jump was 8.18 metres, achieved in July 1976 in East Berlin.
Herman Adolph, Count of Lippe- Detmold( 1616 – 1666) was a ruler of the county of Lippe.
Another prominent member of al-Mu'tasim's inner circle, the prince of Ushrusana, al-Afshin, fell afoul of his enemies at court and was overthrown and killed in 840/1.
It is served by the S- Bahn lines and and is located at the southeastern end of the major street of the same name, about which a film was produced in 1999.
" Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines" premiered in Westwood, Los Angeles on June 30, 2003, and was released on July 2, 2003 by Warner Bros. in the United States.
In 1383, he was proclaimed judge along with his brother, Frederick of Arborea.
Mariah Carey, Robert Clivillés, and David Cole received songwriting credits for the sampling of a club remix of Carey's 1991 hit single "Emotions".
The Black Sea has an area of( not including the Sea of Azov), a maximum depth of, and a volume of.
Gustavo Nieto Roa( born 3 April 1942) is a Colombian film director, producer and screenwriter.
Erik Ole Bye( 20 March 1883 – 17 May 1953) was a Norwegian operatic baritone.
Steven Allan Spielberg( born December 18, 1946) is an American filmmaker.
Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon( Louise Élisabeth; 22 November 1693 – 27 May 1775) was a daughter of Louis III de Bourbon, Prince of Condé, and his wife, Louise Françoise de Bourbon," légitimée de France", a legitimised daughter of King Louis XIV of France and his famous mistress, Madame de Montespan.
His sons from this other two wives were Jahangir Mirza II and Nasir Mirza.
Leopold Victor Friedrich of Hesse- Homburg( 10 February 1787 – 2 May 1813) was a prince of Hesse- Homburg.
The plot focuses on three brothers who are separated in childhood and adopted by three families of different faiths Hinduism, Islam and Christianity.
" The inside front cover is the contest entry page.
Her most famous film roles are in" The Long Memory"( 1952) and" Struggle for Eagle Peak"( 1960).
He use the camera to take some photos and took them to the local paper.
American Perfekt is a 1997 road/ crime thriller film written and directed by Paul Chart, produced by Irvin Kershner.
It features string arrangements by David Campbell.
Frances's husband and Isabella's husband were brothers, both sons of Hugh Percy, 1st Duke of Northumberland.
Dewey was widely expected to be elected president but was beaten by Truman in one of the greatest upsets in presidential election history.
The film went on floors in 1980 and made its theatrical release in 1982.
Destin Daniel Cretton( born November 23, 1978) is an American film director, screenwriter, producer, and editor.
In the 1950s, the college moved to its current location on the Kelaniya premises.
In 1988 was inaugurated a permanent display at the Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, New York that honors those who were part of the All- American Girls Professional Baseball League.
He was born in Proedlitz, then in the Austro- Hungarian Empire.
His siblings were Edith Hemenway Eustis (1851-1904), Charlotte Augusta (d. 1865), Alice, (d. in infancy), and Amy.
It was founded in 1885.
Anthony Power( born 13 May 1945) is a British fencer.
Cranfield was the son of Lionel Cranfield, 1st Earl of Middlesex and was baptised on 27 December 1621.
He succeeded to the title of 3rd Baronet Cory- Wright, of Caen Wood Towers, Highgate St. Pancras, Co. London and Hornsey, Co. Middlesex on the death of his father on 21 April 1951.
The dispute culminated in the Battle of Baesweiler in which William defeated Wenceslaus, but Edward was mortally wounded in the battle and died on 24 August 1371.
He was named after his maternal grandfather, King Wenceslaus II of Bohemia.
Hat is a 1993 American mockumentary film on the evolution and state of American hip hop music.
His best known theatrical works, which enjoyed success throughout Italy, include "Nica" (from 1903), "L’aria del Continente" (from 1915), and "San Giuvanni Decollato" from 1908.
De Margheriti is widely seen as a founding' father' of Australia's video games industry and Australia's most experienced interactive entertainment business executive.
It discharges into the Bistrița in Roznov.
The film stars Richard Arlen, Beryl Mercer, Claud Allister, Charles McNaughton, Cecilia Parker and Dudley Digges.
He was the second son of Siemowit III, Duke of Masovia and his first wife Euphemia, daughter of Nicholas II of Opava.
He directed 28 films between 1938 and 1968.
Amman Kovil Kizhakale is a 1986 Tamil romantic drama film, starring Vijayakanth and Radha.
Jason Moore( born October 22, 1970) is an American director of film, theatre and television.
Karl- Theodor, Duke in Bavaria( 9 August 1839 – 30 November 1909), was a member of the House of Wittelsbach and a professional oculist.
This alliance failed with Han's destruction by Qin in 230 BC.
The early House of Orange- Nassau descends from William I., the Silent, while the later House of Orange- Nassau( and the Dutch royal family) descends in the male line from his younger brother John, Count of Nassau- Dillenburg, and from the latter's fifth son, Count Ernst Casimir of Nassau- Dietz, however in the female line also from William of Orange.
and it was certified 4× Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), as well as being certified 6× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in the US.
Princess Sophia Dorothea of Prussia  (25 January 1719 – 13 November 1765) was the ninth child and fifth daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover.
"Someone like You" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele.
" Dig Me Out" marked the debut of Janet Weiss, who is the band's longest- serving drummer.
Others have argued that they fled out of fear they would be purged, as Lin's relationship with other Communist Party leaders had soured in the final few years of his life.
Henriette Feuerbach( 13 August 1812 – 5 August 1892) was a German author and arts patron.
Boris Vasilyevich Barnet( 18 June 1902 – 8 January 1965) was a Soviet film director, actor and screenwriter of British origin.
A characteristic feature of his books is the copious footnotes and appendices containing remarkable observations and information.
He competed for Finland at the 1972 Summer Olympics held in Munich, Germany where he won the bronze medal in the 3,000 metres steeplechase event.
Francisco V Fernández de la Cueva y Fernández de la Cueva,( Genoa, Italy, 17 November 1666 – Madrid, Spain, 28 June 1724) was the 10th Duke of Alburquerque, a Grandee of Spain, a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece since 1707, and Viceroy of New Spain from 27 November 1702 to 14 January 1711.
The film follows the history of the sport of the same name( created by Zucker years earlier), from its invention by the lead characters as a game they could win against more athletic types, to its development as a nationwide league sport and a target of corporate sponsorship.
All Hands on Deck is a 1961 American DeLuxe musical film in CinemaScope directed by Norman Taurog and starring Pat Boone as a naval officer.
Grage participated in her first Olympic Games, after only 4 years of participating in Long track speed skating.
Anton Shunto( born 31 May 1988) is a Belarusian professional footballer.
Northesk was one of a group of men who re-founded Reading Society of Model Engineers after WW2.
After his father's death on campaign in 1774, the younger Bibikov was promoted to officer status at nine years old, and by the time he was old enough to join the ranks of his regiment, he already held the rank of captain.
During his later years, in spite of his illness, Guthrie served as a figurehead in the folk movement, providing inspiration to a generation of new folk and country musicians, including mentoring Ramblin' Jack Elliott and Bob Dylan.
Fear of God may also refer to:
Lin Liguo (1945 - September 13, 1971) was the son of the Chinese Communist military leader Lin Biao and the person in charge of Project 571 Outline, a plotted coup against Mao Zedong.
The song featured fellow Roc-a- Fella labelmate Jay- Z and Juelz Santana.
Those Redheads from Seattle is a 1953 American musical film, produced in 3- D and Technicolor, directed by Lewis R. Foster, starring Rhonda Fleming, Gene Barry, Teresa Brewer and Agnes Moorehead, and released by Paramount Pictures.
Falk Harnack (2 March 1913 – 3 September 1991) was a German director and screenwriter.
He returned to Palestine after the war and, following the end of the British Mandate and Israel's Declaration of Independence in 1948, operated in the battles for Latrun during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.
It was based on the novel by the same name, written by Gene Stratton Porter.
The song was included on the album" The" Chirping" Crickets" and was also released as the A- side of a single, with" Not Fade Away" as the B-side.
In 1621, he was elected Member of Parliament for Calne.
His main residence was at Wrest near Silsoe, Bedfordshire.
Aragno and Godard also experimented with double exposure 3D images and shots with parallax that are difficult for the human eye to see.
Strict secrecy surrounded the production.
Russell received his seventh Golden Globe nomination for the semi-biographical comedy- drama" Joy"( 2015).
Josephus mentions "Cleopatra of Jerusalem" twice: once in his "Antiquities of the Jews" 17.1.3 and once in his The Jewish War 1.28.4.
The story was influenced by" Roman Holiday" and" Love Story".
It was based on the 1920 play" Three Live Ghosts" by Frederic S. Isham.
He died on 12 December 1679.
Suramarit married Monivong's daughter Sisowath Kosamak.
He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Sound for the film" Raging Bull".
30 Days of Night is a 2007 American horror film based on the comic book miniseries of the same name.
They also had a daughter, Lin Liheng( Doudou), who was not on the airplane.
He was supported by Galba, the governor of Hispania Tarraconensis.
She also had an interest in Theosophy and helped found the "American Ladies' Club.
Edmonton/ Villeneuve Airport or Villeneuve Airport is located west of Villeneuve in Sturgeon County, Alberta, Canada.
With the death of his father in 1343, his mother held the regency until 1344.
It was produced by D. W. Griffith( his Fine Arts Film Company) and released through Triangle Film Corporation.
Philo Vance Returns is a 1947 American mystery film directed by William Beaudine and starring William Wright, Vivian Austin and Leon Belasco.
Eventually, the major warlord Zhu Quanzhong seized control of the imperial government and in 904 had Emperor Zhaozong killed as the prelude of taking over the Tang throne.
Born Patrick Stuart
"Drifters" premiered in the 2003 Cannes Film Festival as part of the Un Certain Regard competition.
Henry responded by devastating Flanders and ravaging Lille and Tournai (1054).
He graduated from Amherst College.
It was the last movie directed by Roy Boulting.
In May 2014, Wright left the project citing creative differences, though he still received screenplay and story credits with Cornish as well as an executive producer credit.
A younger son of Caliph Harun al-Rashid, he rose to prominence through his formation of a private army composed predominantly of Turkish slave-soldiers ("ghilmān").
The film received the Academy Award for Best Original Score and the Golden Globe Awards for Best Motion Picture — Musical or Comedy and Best Director for Streisand, making her the first woman to have won Best Director at the Golden Globes.
Huh Young- man( born June 26, 1947) is a South Korean manhwa artist.
After retiring from the LAPD, Detective Thomas Dooley (Belushi) and his lovable K-9
For this adaptation of the story, Vance is on international assignment from the United States government to investigate traffic in wartime aircraft designs.
Despite the mixed reviews, the film was nominated for eight Academy Awards at the 53rd Academy Awards (tying with "The Elephant Man" as the most nominated film of the ceremony), including Best Picture and Best Director, and won two: Best Actor for De Niro (his second Oscar) and Best Editing.
Prince Wenzeslaus is the nephew of the reigning sovereign Fürst Hans Adam II and the first cousin of Alois, Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein, who is Regent since 2004.
She was referred to as "Madame QuatrièmeMadame the Fourth"), until the death of her older sister Marie Louise in 1733, as "Madame TroisièmeMadame the Third"); as "Madame Adélaïde" from 1737 to 1755; as "Madame" from 1755 to 1759; and then as "Madame Adélaïde" again from 1759 until her death.
Janice Man( born December 29, 1988) is a Hong Kong actress and fashion model.
Cat People is a 1982 American erotic horror film directed by Paul Schrader.
He died at the age of 40, unmarried.
This film is now in the public domain.
In 1907, he starred in the hit operetta" The Merry Widow".
He is the father of National Award- winning actress Saranya Ponvannan.
He devoted much of his life to promote anthroposophy.
On 6 January 1712 he was elevated to Prince by the Emperor Charles VI.
(Hebrew:
King Zhao of Zhou, personal name Jī Xiá, was the fourth king of the Chinese Zhou dynasty.
Robert Vadra is an Indian businessman, entrepreneur and the husband of Priyanka Gandhi.
Songwriters such as Bob Dylan, Phil Ochs, Johnny Cash, Bruce Springsteen, Robert Hunter, Harry Chapin, John Mellencamp, Pete Seeger, Andy Irvine, Joe Strummer, Billy Bragg, Jerry Garcia, Jay Farrar, Bob Weir, Jeff Tweedy, Bob Childers, Sammy Walker, Tom Paxton, AJJ, Brian Fallon, and Sixto Rodríguez have acknowledged Guthrie as a major influence.
In 2015, he was awarded the J. C. Daniel Award, the highest award in Malayalam cinema.
He is the grandfather of Jennifer Krause
Floyd Martin Thornton (4 November 1884–1 April 1956) was an American screenwriter and film director, often credited as F. Martin Thornton.
Mujir ad- Din later left Homs for Baghdad.
This article lists magician characters depicted on film, both real and fictional.
It premiered in Algiers in December 1939 before going on general release across France in March 1940.
He was unable to read or notate music to any significant degree.
Cinematographer Sven Nykvist shot it in Eastmancolor.
He is also credited with "discovering" Theda Bara and casting her in a starring role in the 1915 release "A Fool
Juliana, Countess of Stolberg-Wernigerode (15 February 1506 in Stolberg, Saxony-Anhalt – 18 June 1580) was the mother of William the Silent, the leader of the successful Dutch Revolt against the Spanish in the 16th century.
It marked the final on- screen performance for Williams, who died in August 2014.
It had an important artistic influence, however, on the French New Wave cinema movement and continues to have many distinguished critical admirers.
Dietrich IX, Count of Mark( 1374 – 1398) was the Count of Mark from 1393 until 1398.
Marinianus, along with his uncle Valerianus Minor, perished during the autumn of 268 in a purge of Gallienus' partisans.
Constance married (first) before 1 June 1402 (by papal dispensation dated 18 Sept. 1391, they being related in the fourth degree of kindred)
He had supporting roles in the horror film "Happy Hell Night" (1992) and the comedy "Billy Madison" (1995), playing the father of the title character, opposite Adam Sandler.
The Rainbow Trail is a lost 1918 American silent western film directed by Frank Lloyd.
He was also nominated six times for each of the Golden Globe for Best Actor and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts Award( BAFTA) for Best Foreign Actor, winning each once.
He explained that its adoption was part of the government's efforts" to build a nation of citizens and residents that understand and have deep reverence for our heritage as Virgin Islanders".
Having begun his career with Séwé Sports in his native country, he joined Thai club Muangthong United in 2008.
" Even the Nights Are Better" was included on Air Supply's 1982 album" Now and Forever".
Castles in the Sky or Castle in the Sky may refer to:
In one scene, Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II create a new song," There's Music in You", then perform it for their friends, with Rodgers at the piano and Hammerstein singing the vocals.
, Louis continued his predecessors' work of creating a centralised state governed from the capital.
She published numerous temperance and anti-Roman Catholic stories, among which were" Almost a NunPriest and NunThe Gospel in the Rivier a The Heir of AtholeScenes of the ConventA Wife Hard WonA Million Too Much The Complete HomeBricks from Babel"; as well as scientific stories entitled," The Sun and His Family The Story of Plant Life The Nature Readers, Seaside and Wayside".
In 1661 he was named Viceroy of Peru.
The film is also popular for its music and 1980s fashion nostalgia.
, also known as Fujiwara no Nagayoshi, was a Japanese statesman, courtier and politician of the early Heian period.
American Hustle is a 2013 American black comedy crime film directed by David O. Russell.
It was written by Eric Warren Singer and Russell, inspired by the FBI Abscam operation of the late 1970s and early 1980s.
In 1977, the school gained university status, becoming Western Washington University.
After leaving the military, Herzog practised law.
He graduated from Seoul National University.
Her brother, John VIII of Harcourt, her father's heir, died in 1424.
Crichton-Stuart married Hannah, daughter of William Tighe, MP, in 1818.
In 2002 and 2004, Kelly released collaboration albums with rapper Jay-Z and has been a featured vocalist for other hip hop artists including Nas, Sean Combs, and The Notorious B.I.G.
For exterior filming, a village was established in the same area where the actual conflict had taken place.
He promoted a cult of personality around himself and imposed his personal eccentricities upon the country, such as renaming Turkmen months and days of the week to references of his autobiography the "Ruhnama".
George Lessey( June 8, 1879 – June 3, 1947) was an American actor and director of the silent era.
Coloman returned to Hungary in late 1221 or 1222.
The magazine was established by Suzanne Miller who had previously edited the magazine" FastTimes".
The countess had her portrait painted in 1759 by Sir Joshua Reynolds.
The Mystery of the Black Pearl is a 1912 Australian silent film.
The water level has varied significantly over geological time.
Her above- mentioned son Robert Bruce, 5th Lord of Annandale was regent and recognized heir presumptive of Scotland in the years just before her death.
The film has musical score by M. K. Arjunan.
His second studio album," The Sinister Urge"( 2001), became his second platinum album in the United States.
He married a woman called Christina, and had by her at least two sons and one daughter:
Luis Miguel Hernández Campos( born February 9, 1985 in Chinameca, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran professional footballer.
Prince Friedrich Wilhelm Heinrich August of Prussia( 19 September 1779- 19 July 1843), known in English as Prince Augustus, was a Prussian general.
Andres Bernal Reyes Jr.( born May 11, 1950) is the 177th Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines.
His reign of 72 years and 110 days is the longest recorded of any monarch of a sovereign country in European history.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Wilfred Shingleton.
In later life, he served as British consul in Fernando Pó (now Bioko, Equatorial Guinea), Santos in Brazil, Damascus (Ottoman Syria) and finally in Trieste.
The film premiered in Berlin on 24 June 1921.
The film premiered on September 6, 1939 in Buenos Aires and starred Sofía Bozán, Enrique Serrano and Delia Garcés.
After earning his bachelor of arts in 2007, he enrolled at the National Film School of Denmark, earning his degree in 2011 with the short film "M for Markus".
They left Russia on 11 April 1919.
He was nominated at the 2014 South African Music Awards for Remix of the Year for his song" Hallelujah Anyway".
" The purpose of the Pledge is to encourage graduating students to be mindful of the social and environmental impacts of their employment as they enter the workforce or continue their education.
Bernhard II, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg (ca. 1260 –
The fathers whom Ames portrayed were often somewhat stuffy and exasperated by the younger generation, but ultimately kind and understanding.
Frederick (Ferry) II of Lorraine-Vaudémont (– 31 August 1470), was Count of Vaudémont and Lord of Joinville from 1458 to 1470.
In 1067, taking advantage of the weakness of Philip I of France, he seized the royal castle of Puiset and settled there.
It is one of two national pledges, the other being the Patriotic Oath, which is the Philippine national pledge.
Ismat ad- Din Khatun's father died in 1149 and her husband gained complete control over Damascus by 1154.
When he discovered his mistake, Bizet added a note to the vocal score of the opera, acknowledging its source.
The film tells the story of a schoolgirl who seduces her adoptive family after her mother commits suicide.
In that same year, Gilduin and Baldwin II travelled to Edessa, joining with Gilduin ’s brother Waleran.
"Imagine" is a song co-written and performed by English musician John Lennon.
"It Seems Like You're Ready" is a song by musician R. Kelly, on his debut solo studio album titled "12 Play".
Simon Henry Adolph, Count of Lippe- Detmold( 25 January 1694 – 12 October 1734) was a ruler of the county of Lippe.
His cognomen was subsequently adopted as a synonym for "Emperor"; the title "Caesar" was used throughout the Roman Empire, giving rise to modern cognates such as Kaiser and Tsar.
He was credited variously as John W English, John English or Jack English.
By his wife Mabel, daughter of Ebles II of Roucy and Sybil of Hauteville, he had one son, Hugh, who succeeded to Jaffa following the regency of his mother's second husband, Albert of Namur.
A distinguished military leader in the Arab – Byzantine wars, he was passed over in the succession in favour of his uncle al- Mu'tasim.
Lewis Gordon, 3rd Marquess of Huntly( c. 1626–1653) was a Scottish nobleman.
Theme Music from" The James Dean Story" is a 1956 soundtrack album to the James Dean biopic," The James Dean Story" composed by Leith Stevens and featuring trumpeter Chet Baker and saxophonist Bud Shank.
He retired as Major on half- pay in 1850.
In the early 1950s, Friedman went to Britain to make a couple of films, before returning to Hollywood.
Charles Francis Norton( 1807 – 1835) was a 19th- century Member of Parliament for Guildford.
In 796, he moved his court and government to Raqqa in present-day Syria.
He was re-elected to the Senate in 1855, and soon joined the nascent Republican Party, becoming one of its leading figures.
Based on a true story, the film depicts a youth lacrosse team that was set up to help combat an epidemic of youth suicide in the community of Kugluktuk, Nunavut.
Dedicated is the third studio album by German DJ and producer ATB.
His films are marked by his employment of certain actors and creative personnel, complex narratives, melodrama, pop culture, popular songs, irreverent humour, strong colours, and glossy décor.
His first English language film was" Beyond The Soul"( 2003).
She was a member of the royal families of Greece and Italy.
Mostow joined the project as director in 2001, and he brought on John Brancato and Michael Ferris to rewrite Sarafian's script.
Anna of Nassau-Dillenburg (21 September 1541 in Dillenburg – 12 February 1616 in Weilburg) was a daughter of Count William "the Rich" of Nassau-Dillenburg and his second wife, Juliana of Stolberg.
Lee Everett Blair( October 1, 1911 – April 19, 1993) was an American artist.
Leslie Goodwins( 17 September 1899 – 8 January 1969) was an English film director and screenwriter.
Robert D. Webb( January 8, 1903 – April 18, 1990) was an Academy Award – winning film director.
He married his wife, Carla Azar, in 2011, and they have two children.
David Fincher, Gore Verbinski, Lasse Hallström, Miloš Forman, and Cameron Crowe had all been possible candidates for director before Spielberg decided to direct it himself.
Robert married Margaret Le Despenser( born around 1360) a daughter of Edward le Despencer, 1st Baron le Despencer, KG, and Lady Elizabeth Burghersh.
He also directed 58 films between 1920 and 1935.
Robert van Ackeren is a German movie director, actor, producer, writer and cinematographer, born on 22 December 1946, West Berlin, West Germany.
Se Nada Mais Der Certo is a Brazilian film of 2009.
Melodies of Vera Quarter( Georgian: ვერის უბნის მელოდიები) is Georgian musical film directed by Giorgi Shengelaia.
The Government of India honored him with the Bharat Ratna, its highest civilian award, in 1992.
Charles Williamson( born 12 April 1956) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a defender.
KGB: The Secret War is a 1985 film directed by Dwight H. Little.
Elisabeth Sophie of Saxe- Altenburg( 10 October 1619 – 20 December 1680), was a princess of Saxe- Altenburg and, by marriage, duchess of Saxe- Gotha.
Charles of Brandenburg-Schwedt was born in Berlin.
It is loosely based on the poem" Annie Laurie".
In 1977 he was awarded the Queen's Jubilee Medal.
A bagman or bag man is a collector of dirty money for organized crime.
The film features songs composed by Ramesh Narayan and score by Isaac Thomas Kottukapally.
He was a man of great diligence and learning, and anxious to write a history of the exploits of Caesar.
Her maternal grandparents were Ralph Neville, 1st Earl of Westmorland and his second wife Joan Beaufort, a legitimized daughter of John of Gaunt.
Anne of Brittany  (25/26 January 1477 – 9 January 1514) was Duchess of Brittany from 1488 until her death, and queen consort of France from 1491 to 1498 and from 1499 to her death.
The Last Word is a 2017 American comedy- drama film directed by Mark Pellington, from a screenplay by Stuart Ross Fink.
He has been described as" the king of Soviet comedy".
The film was released on July 22, 2005, to minor commercial success and mixed but more positive reviews over its predecessor.
Huang died at the Singapore General Hospital at around 5 p.m.( GMT+8) on 20 April 2013, due to lymphoma at the age of 60.
Known for her striking beauty, she is likely the inspiration for the Australian phrase" a good- looking sheila".
Chantal Anne Akerman( 6 June 19505 October 2015) was a Belgian film director, screenwriter, artist, and film professor at the City College of New York.
Lo Mang is a Hong Kong based veteran martial artist who was born as Lo Hin Lam in Hong Kong on 23 July 1952.
Her YouTube and Vevo pages have combined lifetime views of 3.5 billion.
Henry Paget was the eldest son of William Paget, 1st Baron Paget of Beaudesert, Staffordshire and his wife Anne Preston( d.1587), the daughter and heir of Henry Preston.
McDowell produced a 2007 documentary about his experiences with Anderson," Never Apologize".
He is also notable, though not a professional actor, for playing a minor role in the Academy Award- winning 1981 film" Chariots of Fire".
Her music is noted by critics for its stylized cinematic quality; its themes of tragic romance, glamour, and melancholia; and its references to pop culture, particularly 1950s and 1960s Americana.
Two of his sons, Captain Anthony John Julian Cory- Wright( 1916- 1944) and Lieutenant Jonathan Francis Cory- Wright( 1925- 1945) were killed in action during World War II.
The film was shot on the eve of the 6th World Festival of Youth and Students, held in Moscow in the summer of 1957, and became the first Soviet feature film dedicated to this significant event.
His first wife and chief consort was Qutlugh Nigar Khanum, a princess of the Chagatai Khanate and daughter of Yunus Khan of Moghulistan.
William Graham was an English professional association football player who played as a winger.
The film is written and directed by Rob Epstein and Jeffrey Friedman and stars James Franco as Ginsberg.
Muhammad Shah  was the third monarch of the Sayyid dynasty which ruled the Delhi Sultanate.
He was born in Vienna, Austria as Reginald Grobel and directed 68 films between 1936 and 1974.
Born in Liverpool, Lennon became involved in the skiffle craze as a teenager.
Klara was engaged to Carl, Duke of Münsterberg, but died in 1535, before the marriage took place.
In 1453 his father-in-law honoured him with the command of the troops that he sent to the Dauphin Louis to help him to fight the Duke of Savoy.
Since 1992, he has served as the director of the Research Centre of the Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts in Ljubljana, the largest research institution in Slovenia.
The school is a national secondary school, a type of government secondary school in which Malay is the main medium of instruction.
Leeder has been responsible for DVD and Blu-ray special features for many Hong Kong productions.
, was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast from the Masovian branch, from 1373/74 Duke of Rawa, and after the division of the paternal inheritance between him and his brother in 1381, ruler over Rawa, Płock, Sochaczew, Gostynin, Płońsk and Wizna, since 1386 hereditary Polish vassal, since 1388 ruler over Belz, during 1382–1401 he lost Wizna and during 1384–1399 and 1407–1411 he lost Zawkrze, during 1384–1399 he lost Płońsk, taken by the Teutonic Order.
The Naked Man is a 1923 British silent comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Henry Edwards, Chrissie White and James Carew.
Her life changed dramatically in 1936, when her paternal uncle King Edward VIII abdicated to marry divorcée Wallis Simpson.
She should not be confused with Elizabeth le Despenser, Baroness Berkeley who was her great- aunt and who was the daughter of her great- grandmother, Eleanor de Clare.
Stefano Donati( Treviglio, Italy, 27 August 1982) is an Italian sports journalist and TV presenter of Qui studio a voi stadio.
Taylor Swift has since beaten that chart phenomenon, with her song Red falling from No. 6 to No. 54 in October 2012.
He was offered some work based on what they saw.
The film won the Prix Louis- Delluc in 1980.
He was also an official translator and spoke English, German and some Fijian.
The film was released on July 7, 1933, by Paramount Pictures.
Sharla Cheung Man( born 7 February 1967) is a Hong Kong actress and film producer.
Buz currently lives and works in New York.
João Henrique de Andrade Amaral( born 13 October 1981 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer, who is currently a free agent.
Doctor in Clover is a British comedy film released in 1966, starring Leslie Phillips.
Emeli Sandé recorded a cover for the BBC to use during the end credits montage at the close of the 2012 Summer Olympics coverage in August 2012.
Herzog is a figure of the New German Cinema.
His last club was Rangers de Talca.
Aleksandar Loma( born March 2, 1955) is a Serbian philologist and a corresponding member of the Serbian Academy of Science and Arts since October 30, 2003.
The Black Sea is a body of water and marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean between Eastern Europe, the Caucasus, and Western Asia.
The Brodys lived in a modernist house in the Holmby Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles that was designed by the architect A. Quincy Jones and the decorator William Haines to show off the couple ’s collection.
Their third film together," The Departed"( 2006), won Scorsese the Academy Award for Best Director in addition to the film winning the award for Best Picture.
Tendid is a 2010 film.
Julia Pavón or Julia Pavón Benito( born 1968) is a Spanish historian and Professor of Medieval History at the University of Navarra in Pamplona.
Already during his father's lifetime, Siemowit IV received his own district, Rawa Mazowiecka (ca. 1373/74), and as a result of the partition of Masovia between him and his older brother
Louis subscribed the duke's charter as "Louis, son of King CharlesLodoici filii Karoli regis").
John de Ferrers, 1st Baron Ferrers of Chartley( 1271, Cardiff – 1312) was the son of Robert de Ferrers, 6th Earl of Derby and Alianore de Bohun, daughter of Humphrey de Bohun and Eleanor de Braose, and granddaughter of Humphrey de Bohun, 2nd Earl of Hereford.
He was born in 1914 in Umm Salal, eldest son of Shiekh Mohammed bin Jassim Al Thani and Her Highness Sheikha Aisha bint Ahmed Al Thani.
He took part in the siege and capture of Luxembourg in 1684.
His elder brother, Christian August II, succeeded in 1814 as the Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Augustenburg.
Hagar Wilde( July 7, 1905 – September 25, 1971) was a writer for Hollywood films and television shows in the late thirties till the late fifties.
John Talbot, 10th Earl of Shrewsbury, 10th Earl of Waterford( 1601 – 8 February 1654), was an English nobleman.
Alfredo B. Crevenna( 22 April 1914 – 30 August 1996) was a Mexican film director and screenwriter.
Alfonso claimed the crown as senior male-line descendant of James II.
In his lifetime, from 1711 to 1771, he held the titles Prince in Prussia and Margrave of Brandenburg, with the style Royal Highness.
During the Seven Years' War Margrave Charles again held independent commands, as Frederick II had confidence in him, and he distinguished himself at the Battle of Hochkirch and the Battle of Torgau.
The film stars Prem Nazir, Vijayasree, Adoor Bhasi, K. P. Ummer and N. Govindankutty.
He was the son of Hercule Meriadec de Rohan, prince de Guéméné and Louise- Gabrielle Julie de Rohan; brother of cardinal de Rohan, and Jules, prince de Guéméné.
Ulf Lundell is one of the central figures in Swedish rock music and almost since his debut he has been one of the most important influences on rock musicians writing and singing in Swedish.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation which there declared purpose is to contribute to peace and security by promoting international collaboration through educational, scientific, and cultural reforms in order to increase universal respect for justice, the rule of law, and human rights along with fundamental freedom proclaimed in the United Nations Charter.
With the prospect of bankruptcy facing the government, Scullin backed down and instead advanced the Premiers' Plan, a far more conservative measure that met the crisis with severe cutbacks in government spending.
It has since had a limited re-release by the Film Society of Lincoln Center in 2011 and a home media release by The Criterion Collection in 2018.
He was born in New York, New York, was a brother of Robert A. Dillon, and died in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack.
The film is directed by Peter Greenaway and stars Martin Freeman as Rembrandt, with Eva Birthistle as his wife Saskia van Uylenburg, Jodhi May as his lover Geertje Dircx, and Emily Holmes as his other lover Hendrickje Stoffels.
He married Margaretha of Brabant, the daughter of Duke Hendrik I of Brabant, in 1206.
He was notable for directing" Tell the Truth" the first film produced in what was to become the future West Germany after the Second World War.
The Mobile and Ohio merged with the Gulf, Mobile and Northern Railroad in 1940 to form the Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Railroad.
Since 2005, event organisers have played it just before the New Year's Times Square Ball drops in New York City.
Four years later, he became the gubernatorial nominee of the Whig Party.
Walter Koppel( April 23, 1906- October 25, 1982) was a German film producer.
Weird Woman is a 1944 Inner Sanctum film noir mystery and horror film directed by Reginald Le Borg and starring Lon Chaney Jr., Anne Gwynne, and Evelyn Ankers.
Sepideh Farsi is an Iranian film director, born in Tehran in 1965.
Stan Rice( November 7, 1942 – December 9, 2002) was an American poet and artist.
Originally a northern suburb across the Missouri River from Kansas City, it is now almost completely surrounded by Kansas City, which has annexed far to the north of North Kansas City's northern city limits.
He died at Kimberley, Nottinghamshire on 27 June 1905.
They had one son, Jorge de Lencastre, Duke of Coimbra and Master of the Military Order of Saint James of the Sword.
He is a younger brother of Sergei Varfolomeyev.
In 1947 and 1948, she won a total of four Grand Slam championships: one in singles, two in women's doubles, and one in mixed doubles.
Ali Khalifa Rahuma( born May 16, 1982) is a Libyan football midfielder who's nationality is Libyan.
John Eliot Sturges( January 3, 1910 – August 18, 1992) was an American film director.
The reference to God in the pledge is a source of some element of controversy too.
Her film roles include Academy Award nominee" VengeanceSearching for Monica"( 1962) and the 1956 French film" Don Juan".
Pamela Love( born 1982) is an American jewelry designer based in New York City.
The film follows a group of strangers who are all listening to the same radio station.
Carolina's maternal grandparents were Prince Francis of Bourbon- Two Sicilies, Count of Trapani and his wife Archduchess Maria Isabella of Austria, Princess of Tuscany.
Veronika of Desenice( died 17 October 1425) was the second wife of Frederick II, Count of Celje.
Dáithí Sproule( born 23 May 1950) is a guitarist and singer of traditional Irish music.
It was released first on VHS on August 4, 1998, and then on DVD on November 24, 1998.
Our Home may refer to: Political parties
Raj Kanwar( c. 28 June 1961 – 3 February 2012) was a Bollywood film director, writer and film producer based in Mumbai, India.
Caroline Louise of Waldeck and Pyrmont( 14 August 1748 – 18 August 1782), was a Princess of Waldeck and Pyrmont by birth and Duchess consort of Courland by marriage.
The author, McSorley, claims that it is a watershed film.
Raiders of Ghost City is a 1944 Universal movie serial set in California during the American Civil War.
Laila Kaland (8 January 1939 – 30 December 2007) was a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.
Her performance in that production, under Powell's direction, quickly earned Bara widespread fame as the film industy's most popular evil seductress or on-screen "vamp".
Lord Mornington was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford where he received an MA degree in philosophy, politics and economics in 1999.
He succeeded William Ashley Magarey as chairman of the South Australian Football Association
The film was part of a trend of theatrically released animations created by producers of TV shows and toys during the 1980s.
Gilduin may have been associated with Barisan the Old.
He was born in Gabat village in Bayad Taluka of Sabarkantha District in Gujarat and was a solicitor by profession.
He lives and works in Seattle, Washington.
The magazine was co-edited by Nimalan Nades( also known by his real name Nimalan Nadesalingam) who had previously edited a local student magazine in Lincoln, England and who had also been a published as a writer for" FastTime".
From 1797 to 1800, she was abbess of Drübeck Abbey.
In recognition of his conduct in the French wars, he was summoned to Parliament as a baron in 1357.
Divian Ladwa is an English actor best known for appearing in the Oscar nominated Best Picture" Lion", the BAFTA winning comedy series" Detectorists", and the Marvel Studios film" Ant- Man and the Wasp".
He often worked with Gösta Ekman, and his films include "Intermezzo" (1936), which became Ingrid Bergman's breakthrough and paved her way to America, where she starred in the 1939 Hollywood remake of the film.
Both men were succeeded by Frederick William's son, William.
Another brand is" Open View", which was described as a" rolling film competition available to all film makers and media artists".
It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and won the Bodil Award for Best Documentary.
Mieszko III the Old( c. 1126/27 – 13 March 1202), of the royal Piast dynasty, was Duke of Greater Poland from 1138 and High Duke of Poland, with interruptions, from 1173 until his death.
It is set in 1642 and tells the story of how the poet and duelist Cyrano de Bergerac teams up with the musketeer d'Artagnan in order to stop a plot against king Louis XIII.
Dunia is an Egyptian 2005 film.
Princess Elisabeth of Greece and Denmark( 24 May 1904 – 11 January 1955) was the middle daughter of Prince Nicholas of Greece and Grand Duchess Elena Vladimirovna of Russia.
Auguste Pierre Chouteau (9 May 1786 – 25 December 1838) was a member of the Chouteau fur-trading family who established trading posts in what is now the U.S. state of Oklahoma.
His most famous film is "Deep End" (1970), starring Jane Asher and John Moulder Brown.
Tonino Cervi( 4 June 1929 – 1 April 2002) was an Italian film director, screenwriter and producer.
In 2003, the Indian Society of Cinematographers( ISC) awarded him an Honorary Membership, along with K. K. Mahajan and V. K. Murthy.
He was credited as Max Opuls on several of his American films, including" The Reckless MomentCaughtLetter from an Unknown Woman", and" The Exile".
In 1146 Imad ad- Din Zengi was besieging the fortress of Qal Ja'bari when he was assassinated on September 15 by one of his servants who wanted to escape punishment.
Elisabeth had another half sister who was the daughter of Blanche, Margaret of Bohemia but she died in 1349, so Elisabeth never knew her.
He was a scion of an influential family (the Doria) of the Republic of Genoa, the son of the elder Brancaleone and a woman named Giacomina.
He was created a Baronet Cory- Wright, of Caen Wood Towers, Highgate St. Pancras, co. London and Hornsey, co. Middlesex on 28 August 1903.
It stars Ruth Roman and Sterling Hayden, with a cast that also included Werner Klemperer, Richard Gaines, Charles Davis, Jeanne Cooper, and Peter Hansen.
He was the son of Sir Cory Francis Cory- Wright, 1st Baronet, and Mima Owen.
Thomas Morse( born June 30, 1968) is an American composer of film and concert music.
In 1643 Touchet became a Benedictine monk at St Gregory's, Douai, and was clothed a monk under the name of Anselm.
He was awarded the Kossuth Prize in 1949.
He recently bags Best Director award for Nakkash at India International Film Festival of Boston (IIFFB) 2019
Nye the Science Guy, is an American science communicator, television presenter, and mechanical engineer.
He was the younger son of Count Friedrich II of Zollern, and became Count of Zollern as Friedrich III after the death of his other male relatives.
Minaj made her film debut in the 2012 animated film .
The film has had success and has received acclaim as one of the best modern Uzbek films.
Michael David Wood( born 23 July 1948) is an English historian and broadcaster.
Mehdi Abrishamchi is an Iranian People's Mujahedin of Iran( MEK) politician who has been described as" the right hand man of Massoud Rajavi".
The film stars Brie Larson as Grace Howard, a young supervisor of a group home for troubled teenagers.
A fictionalized account of her life is found in Ethel Herr, Dr. Oma: The Healing Wisdom of Countess Juliana Von Stolberg (P&R Publishing, 2006).
She was the fifth of six known daughters of Pharaoh Akhenaten and his Great Royal Wife Nefertiti.
The Virgin Islands pledge is a pledge of allegiance to the Virgin Islands, a British overseas territory.
He was the paternal grandfather of the 1st Marquess of Cuéllar in 1562, Don Francisco de la Cueva y Téllez-Girón, Alvarez de Toledo y de la Vega.
He was succeeded by his younger brother John Louis.
Nancy Baron is an American rock singer who was active in New York City in the early 1960s, known for the singles" Where Did My Jimmy Go?" and" I've Got A Feeling".
The location of the maternity ward or other physical birthplace is considered unimportant.
He was one of the founders of the Motion Picture Directors Association.
The independent film was produced by Lionsgate.
Charles was never the proper Duke of Mantua since he died at Cavriana six years before his father.
Hayley Lovitt( born December 26, 1986) is an American actress and production coordinator.
The still opposition-dominated Senate, and the conservative-dominated boards of the Commonwealth Bank and Loan Council, repeatedly blocked the plans.
Ferdinand II (12 January 1810 – 22 May 1859) was King of the Two Sicilies from 1830 until his early death in 1859.
Most of its flow is diverted into the Canalul Morilor, which flows parallel to the south of the Crișul Alb.
Everton Nascimento de Mendonça( born 3 July 1993), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Marítimo as forward.
He was a son of George Grey, 2nd Earl of Kent and his second wife Catherine Herbert.
Diane Eve Warren (born September 7, 1956) is an American songwriter.
It was entered into the 1962 Cannes Film Festival.
By these means he became one of the most powerful French monarchs and consolidated a system of absolute monarchical rule in France that endured until the French Revolution.
The king signed the" Confirmatio Cartarum" a confirmation of Magna Cartaand Bohun and Bigod agreed to serve on the Falkirk Campaign.
Death of a Corrupt Man (and also known as "The Twisted Detective" and "To Kill a Rat") is a 1977 French political thriller directed by Georges Lautner and starring Alain Delon.
Adolf could not resist King Louis XIV's "reunion policy".
He first married, in 1258, Matilda, daughter of William IV, Count of Jülich, and Matilda of Gelderland.
Jackson was made a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2002.
The original upload of the leaked song has over 27 million views, while the song has garnered over 70 million combined views across 10 of its unofficial uploads.
El Train or L Train may refer to:
He was one of the instrumental figures in founding Shahjalal University of Science and Technology (SUST) and served as the vice-chancellor of the university from 1989 to 1994.
He was also known as the 5th Earl of Bridgewater from 1745 to 1748.
Hugh le Despencer, 1st Baron le Despencer( 1223 – 4 August 1265) was an important ally of Simon de Montfort during the reign of Henry III.
She worked regularly from 1934 until her death, first in film and later in television.
It is also known as Leeton Railway Station and yard group.
The community is located along Maine State Route 176 south-southwest of Ellsworth.
Upon the death of Monivong in 1941, Sihanouk took the throne.
Creative differences arising from his work with Douglas and the film studios, a dislike of the Hollywood industry, and a growing concern about crime in America prompted Kubrick to move to the United Kingdom in 1961, where he spent most of the remainder of his life and career.
Jean Bach described how, upon the film's release, a number of similar photographs employed the" A Great Day in ..." theme.
The school's team currently competes in the Sun Belt Conference.
The film was written by Marion Fairfax from the novel by Holman Francis Day and directed by Maurice Tourneur.
Areas of many countries drain into the Black Sea, including Germany, Russia, Turkey and Ukraine.
The film was nominated for two awards, Best Supporting Actress and Best Costume Design.
By 1930, he was estranged from his wife, Princess Alice of Battenberg.
From February 2010, Open Access 3 broadcast live coverage of the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series.
He was nominated for a BAFTA Award for Best Foreign-Language Film for Franco Zeffirelli's "Otello".
Its main tributaries are the Izvorul Negru and the Hopșia.
Beginning in July, 2005, Louryk garnered critical acclaim( including a half- page profile in" The New York Times") for" Christine Jorgensen Reveals", a painstaking recreation of a circa 1958 long- form recorded interview with Christine Jorgensen, one of the first American recipients of gender reassignment surgery, in which" both performers lip- synch, with uncanny precision, to the actual recording ... at the same time providing visual counterpart to every phoneme, snort, scratch, or hesitation."
iThemba is a feature-length documentary film shot in Zimbabwe, directed and produced by Elinor Burkett and produced by Errol Webber, who also shot and edited the film.
John V. Bara( born November 26, 1926) is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.
Zaven Paré is a French new media artist who was born in 1961.
Several songs from these albums became hit singles on the pop and R&B record charts, including "
A Democrat, Jean-Pierre was first elected in 2014.
He died in Buenos Aires in 1956, aged 66.
It flows into the Crișul Alb near Buceș.
In 1898, Hemenway donated $50,000 towards the construction of the gymnasium at Radcliffe College.
Lord Alford married Lady Marianne Margaret Compton, daughter of Spencer Compton, 2nd Marquess of Northampton, in 1841.
Mariana Alley Griswold Van Rensselaer( February 21, 1851 – January 20, 1934), usually known as Mrs. Schuyler Van Rensselaer or M. G. Van Rensselaer, was an American author focusing on architectural criticism.
He released his debut album" At Last" on 22 November 2019.
Rebecca's Empire( also written as the variant Rebeccas Empire) were an Australian indie pop- rock band formed in 1994.
He played a minor role in the run -up to events of May 1968 in France.
In 2008, Hall starred as Vicky in Woody Allen's romantic comedy- drama" Vicky Cristina Barcelona", for which she received a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress.
The film was released in theatres across India on 24 August 2019 to positive reviews.
Sometimes he is credited as Robert Allen or Lee J. Roberts.
He has served as Conservative Party Member of the European Parliament for Surrey (1979–1984) and Surrey West (1984–1989) and has sat as a hereditary peer in the House of Lords since 2015.
Fernanda Marlowe( born 1942) is a British actress, best known for her role as Corporal Bell in the" Doctor Who" stories;" The Claws of Axos"( 1971); and" The Mind of Evil"( 1971).
"I Call It Joy" written for Thames Television by Brian Sibley and Norman Stone.
In 1660, he was re-elected Member for Calne in the Convention Parliament.
He was born in the town of Zombor( Sombor) in the Kingdom of Hungary( now in Vojvodina, Serbia).
The film stars David Tennant, Elisabeth Moss, Gabriel Byrne, Michael Gambon, David Bamber, Olivia Poulet and Trevor White.
Lady Anne was significantly older than Castlehaven, and the marriage was not a success, but in 1628 Lord Castlehaven's son was married to her thirteen-year-old daughter, Elizabeth; a marriage of step-children.
The film is directed by Jason Connery, and the father and son are portrayed by Peter Mullan and Jack Lowden.
During this campaign Bibikov fell ill with cholera and died, aged 44, Empress granted large estate to its family.
His films won many awards including Genies.
, referred to his position as the founder and president of the Association of Turkmens of the World.
The Turkish soldiery, after a brawl with the" Maghariba" troops, now turned their support to al- Mu'ayyad.
Linda Miller( born October 16, 1972) is an American rower.
The film stars Patricia Neal, Cloris Leachman, Bobby Darin, Tessa Dahl, Ron Howard, Kathie Browne, Joe Mascolo, Simon Oakland, and Thayer David.
Porinju Mariam Jose is a 2019 Indian Malayalam-language period action thriller film directed by Joshiy and written by Abhilash N. Chandran, starring Joju George, Nyla Usha, and Chemban Vinod Jose in the titular characters, alongside Rahul Madhav, Vijayaraghavan, and Sudhi Koppa in supporting roles.
La Cueva opened in 1986 with 1200 students.
With "The Shining" (1980), he became one of the first directors to make use of a Steadicam for stabilized and fluid tracking shots.
We're Not Happy' til You're Not Happy is the fifth studio album by ska punk band, Reel Big Fish.
He directed his last film in 1956, and switched to working entirely in television.
He made nearly 30 films, the latter ones being especially notable: "La Ronde" (1950), "Le Plaisir" (1952), "The Earrings of Madame de…" (1953) and "Lola Montès" (1955).
Regarded as one of the most significant and influential American singers and songwriters of the 20th century, Williams recorded 35 singles (five released posthumously) that reached the Top 10 of the "Billboard" Country & Western Best Sellers chart, including 11 that ranked number one (three posthumously).
Adamstown railway station is located on the Main Northern line in New South Wales, Australia.
Patriarch Torkom Manoogian( 16 February 1919 – 12 October 2012) was the Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem serving the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem.
Thus, on 22 September 847, he sent Itakh to summon Ibn al- Zayyat as if for an audience.
He is a younger brother of Ukrainian defender Bohdan Smishko.
It was distributed by Regal Films.
He was also the only filmmaker whose active career spanned from the silent era to the digital age.
It has been described as an homage to the 1962 Agnès Varda film" Cléo from 5 to 7".
Nevertheless, he is considered a fan favorite among" Star Wars" characters, and was ranked No. 16 in a 1998 list of the" Top 20" Star Wars" Characters" in the magazine" Star Wars Insider".
His multiple collaborations in Hindi include Tabu, Paresh Rawal, Pooja Batra, Amrish Puri, Johny Lever, Asrani, Akshay Kumar, Anil Kapoor, Akshaye Khanna, Kareena Kapoor, Om Puri, Tinnu Anand, Shakti Kapoor, Rajpal Yadav, Manoj Joshi, Sharat Saxena, Jackie Shroff, and Suniel Shetty.
Long Live Ghosts! is a 1977 Czechoslovak children's film directed by Oldřich Lipský.
Josef von Báky( 23 March 1902, Zombor, Austria- Hungary( now, Slovakia) – 28 July 1966, Munich, Germany) was a Hungarian filmmaker.
It is located northeast of the town of Redwood Valley in Mendocino County, California.
His debut solo studio album "Everyday Robots" was released in 2014.
Humphrey de Bohun, 7th Earl of Hereford, 6th Earl of Essex, 2nd Earl of Northampton, KG( 25 March 1341 – 16 January 1373) was the son of William de Bohun, 1st Earl of Northampton and Elizabeth de Badlesmere, and grandson of Humphrey de Bohun, 4th Earl of Hereford by Elizabeth of Rhuddlan, daughter of King Edward I.
In February 1940 he wrote his most famous song, "
Benedikte Shetelig Kruse (born 20 December 1979 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian singer and actor, daughter of Professor of music, Gro Shetelig Kruse, and the Composer Bjørn Kruse.
He is considered one of Little Richard's greatest influences in his formative years.
From that year until 1987 he worked as a directing and camera assistant for several ORF productions as well as for movies and documentaries.
The film stars Mohanlal, Mammootty, Nedumudi Venu and Bharath Gopi in the lead roles.
His major credits include" On Dress Parade" with the Dead End Kids, two Perry Mason mysteries(" The Case of the Velvet Claws" and" The Case of the Stuttering Bishop"), three films featuring detective Tom Lawrence, a.k.a.
He started with the NFB in the early 50's while it was still based in Ottawa.
The film portrays the scandal that surrounded Rosemarie Nitribitt.
His son Isaac Herzog has led the Israeli Labor Party and the parliamentary Opposition in the Knesset between 2013 and 2017.
While more than 25 of Runyon's stories and novels have been used as the basis for films, this was one of only two films( the other being" George White's 1935 Scandals") in which Runyon was directly involved with the story, it being based on his unpublished work" All Scarlet."
The film stars John Cusack, Rebecca Da Costa, Crispin Glover, Dominic Purcell, and Robert De Niro.
He was thus a grandson of Pepin of Landen.
The film is also known as The Girl from Monterey( American alternative spelling).
Ryang recently opined on the Japanese abducted to the North by being shocked and stating" there are some strange aspects of North Korea".
His music is notable for being a mix of hip hop, pop and electronic music, and sometimes reggae.
Roel Reiné (born 15 July 1970 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch film director.
Antonio Campos( born 19 April 1951) is a Spanish middle- distance runner.
He received nominations for the Golden Globes and BAFTAs for the latter film, but not for the Oscars, likely due to vote splitting between his roles.
Tell It to the Marines is a 1918 American silent comedy-drama film directed by Arvid E. Gillstrom and starring Jane Lee, Katherine Lee, Charles Slattery, and Edward Bagley.
Three Can Play That Game is a 2007 romantic comedy film directed by Samad Davis and starring Jason George, Jazsmin Lewis, and Vivica A. Fox.
He has also composed classical music.
The historian Richard Pankhurst describes him as" the last great ruler of Ifat."
Ning studied at the Taiyuan Film School, where he majored in scenic design.
The film explores the folklore of prehistoric Philippines.
H. Bruce" Lucky" Humberstone( November 18, 1901 – October 11, 1984) was a movie actor( as a child), a script clerk, an assistant director, working with directors such as King Vidor, Edmund Goulding and Allan Dwan and, ultimately, a director.
1219 Isobel of Huntingdon, the second daughter of David of Scotland, 8th Earl of Huntingdon, by which marriage he acquired the manors of Writtle and Hatfield Broadoak, Essex in England.
According to G.W.B Huntingford, Iyasu "owed his reputation partly to the mildness of his character, exemplified in his treatment of the princes on Wehni in his first year, and his attention to religious matters, and partly to his abdication, retirement, and murder."
Once a Gentleman is a 1930 American comedy film directed by James Cruze and starring Edward Everett Horton, Lois Wilson and Francis X. Bushman.
When Humphrey( V) predeceased his father, Humphrey( VI) became heir to his grandfather, Humphrey( IV).
She competed in the 3000m Ladies event, as well as the 5000 m.
1601–1654) and his wife, née Mary Fortesque.
He waged at least a dozen wars to seize the two Rus' principalities, but the local boyars and neighboring princes prevented him from conquering the principalities.
Actress Piya Sengupta is his wife and his son Bonny Sengupta is also an actor.
Jerry Huang or Huang Zhi-wei( born 10 April 1981) is a Taiwanese actor and model.
He has performed with many jazz, Latin, World music, World fusion, Afro- Cuban, and rock bands as a touring, session recording, and full- time player.
Duchess Anna of Prussia and Jülich-Cleves-Berg (3 July 1576 – 30 August 1625) was Electress consort of Brandenburg and Duchess consort of Prussia by marriage to John Sigismund, Elector of Brandenburg.
Tabitha, Stand Up or Tabitha, Arise!
He studied at the University of Évora and achieved a doctorate in Theology.
From 1350, his brother Edward asserted his rights and a quarrel of succession broke out between the two brothers until 1361.
A separate French- language version" Donogoo" was also made.
In 1922, she married Prince Ludwig Philipp of Thurn and Taxis.
George Moritz, Hereditary Prince of Saxe- Altenburg(" William George Moritz Ernest Albert Frederick Charles Constantine Edward Maximilian"; 13 May 1900 – 13 February 1991), was the last head of the ducal house of Saxe- Altenburg and nominal Duke of Saxe- Altenburg.
He was the son of Karl August, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Countess Palatine Christiane Henriette of Zweibrücken- Birkenfeld.
Conrad II of Raabs was from about 1160 until his death Burgrave of the medieval Burgraviate of Nuremberg.
Prince Alexander Nikitich Romanov (4 November 1929 – 22 September 2002) was a member of the Romanov family.
His older half- brother, Frederick Casimir, only son of Wenceslaus III Adam's first marriage, died a few years before he was born, in 1571.
She competed again at the 1972 Summer Olympics, reaching quarterfinals (2nd round).
The brothers inherited the ironworks from their father in 1754, with Curtis (the oldest) receiving a two-thirds interest and Peter one-third.
To, TO, or T.O. may refer to:
The Woman With Four Faces is a lost 1923 American silent crime melodrama film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Betty Compson.
" At night all cats are grey") is a French film by Gérard Zingg released in 1977.
The regions of Valenciennes was given to Amaury.
Central School may refer to:
Listen to Prudence Mabhena, Liyana's musical heart.
Abel Gance( 25 October 188910 November 1981) was a French film director and producer, writer and actor.
(Eugenio Alfonso Carlo Maria Giuseppe; 13 March 1906 – 8 December 1996) was a member of the House of Savoy, Duke of Ancona from birth, and the 5th and final Duke of Genoa.
Derek May( 1932–1992) was a Canadian animation, dramatic and documentary film director who worked primarily for the National Film Board of Canada( NFB).
Louise of Sweden (Louise Josephine Eugenie ; 31 October 1851 – 20 March 1926), was Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Frederick VIII.
Her Adventurous Night is a 1946 American comedy film directed by John Rawlins and written by Jerry Warner.
In 1990, he won an ARIA award for Single of the Year with" Crying in the Chapel", the first single taken from his album" Harry's Café De Wheels".
He left Sony and worked as executive producer on" Brokeback Mountain"( 2005).
" Kaalapani" was released on 12 April 1996 in 450 theaters worldwide, which was the largest release for any Indian film until then.
William was known for his military activities, participating in the Prussian crusade five times and battling with neighbors in France and Brabant throughout his rule.
Allan Dwan (3 April 1885 – 28 December 1981) was a pioneering Canadian-born American motion picture director, producer, and screenwriter.
By her mother, she was the granddaughter of Queen Isabella I and King Amalric II of Jerusalem.
The song was inspired by a broken relationship, and lyrically speaks of Adele's coming to terms with it.
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade is a 1989 American action-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg, from a story co-written by executive producer George Lucas.
George Gordon Byron, more commonly known as Lord Byron.
Among the best known actors Antel had worked with from the 1940s to the 1970s were Hans Moser, Paul Hörbiger, Oskar Werner, Curd Jürgens, Tony Curtis, Herbert Fux, Heinrich Schweiger, Arthur Kennedy, Carroll Baker, Edwige Fenech, George Hilton, Marisa Berenson, Britt Ekland, Andréa Ferréol.
Norton was also a Captain of 52nd Light Infantry; son-in- law of Sir Colin Campbell; brother- in- law of writer Caroline Norton
She won 400 metres race at the 1973 All-Africa games, becoming the first Kenyan woman to win All-Africa Games gold medal in athletics.
In the mid-1920s he began working for lower-rent studios such as Goodwill Pictures, Syndicate Pictures and Arrow Pictures.
The name "Acre" derives from her birthplace in the Holy Land while her parents were on a crusade.
He was later an assistant director and director of a department in SSB.
Development for the film started in 1980, but did not progress until 1997, when Spielberg's DreamWorks bought the film rights to Abagnale's book.
(1858–1900) and singer and actress Lydia Molander, "née" Wessler, and his brother was director Olof Molander (1892–1966).
It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
Francisco Fernández de la Cueva y Girón, 4th Duke of Alburquerque( in full)( c. 1510 – 1563) was a Spanish nobleman.
The film was also known as The Keeler Affair.
Palash Jyoti Das made his first-class appearance in the 2001/02 Ranji Trophy.
I's visit to England, Humphrey participated in the sack of Alexandria in 1365.
A plaque in the castle church in Saarbrücken refers to him.
Viscount was a general in the early Imperial Japanese Army.
The film was seen by more than 800,000 people in Europe.
He was unmarried, and succeeded on his death in 1769 by his brother, John.
In 1949, he directed" Apenas un delincuente".
Jeff Bridges sang a live version during his interview with Peter Travers on ABC News Now.
Eastwood has been awarded two of France's highest honors: in 1994, he became a recipient of the Commander of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, and in 2007, he was awarded the Legion of Honour medal.
"If It's Good Enough for Washington
The song represented Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 and was runner-up behind "Toy" from Israel's Netta.
Don't Freak Me Out is the first and only album released by English musician Jimmy Stevens in 1972.
The trend spread to other styles of music, with Houston blues musicians posing for" A Great Day in Houston. A Great Day in Hip Hop" was followed by XXL's" The Greatest Day in Hip Hop."
According to "Billboard", Streisand holds the record for the female with the most number one albums (11).
The film features aerial photography of all ten of Canada's provinces. "
Jakub Kunvaldský( 1528–1578) or Jakub Zežula(" Zezhula") was Czech Lutheran clergyman from Moravia, pedagogist and editor of hymnals.
Motherland is the place of one's birth, the place of one's ancestors, or the place of origin of an ethnic group.
Richards is the illustrator of the widely produced 1918 World War I poster titled," Oh, Boy!
She was co-founder, with Rosie Boycott, of the feminist" Spare Rib" magazine in 1972.
His elder brothers were Gilbert, a baronial leader, and Fulk, who became bishop of London.
Since 2013, he has been hosting the television reality show" Bigg Boss Kannada".
He succeeded his brother James as Earl of Castlehaven on 11 October 1684.
His father died in 1415 at the Battle of Agincourt, leaving the younger Charles as lord of Albret and titular Count of Dreux, titular count since after Agincourt the lands of the county of Dreux were in English hands.
Her mother was Johanna Charlotte( 1682- 1750), the daughter of Prince John George II, Prince of Anhalt- Dessau.
Help Me" became the side promoted to country radio, and the song reached No. 6 on the" Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart on the week of August 10, 1974.
The Suicide Club, or the Adventures of a Titled Person is a 1981 Soviet three- part television adventure film directed by Yevgeny Tatarsky.
He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
When al-Ma'mun died unexpectedly on campaign in August 833, al-Mu'tasim was thus well placed to succeed him, overriding the claims of al-Ma'mun's son al-Abbas.
The House of the Yellow Carpet( Italian:" La casa del tappeto giallo") is a 1983 Italian giallo film directed by Carlo Lizzani.
Margaret was often viewed as a controversial member of the British royal family.
Kelly faces a total of 18 federal counts, including child pornography, kidnapping and forced labor, as of July 12, 2019.
He lived in a period during which there was a general disintegration of Seleucid Syria characterized by civil wars, foreign interference by Ptolemaic Egypt and incursions by the Parthians.
Originally intended to open along with Newmarket, Four Corners/Geneva, and Talbot Avenue, it was significantly delayed due to local controversy.
The film exhibits drawings from children in Sri Lanka and Darfur.
She died there in 1856.
Five albums produced by Chyskillz, were certified as gold by the RIAA: Public Enemy" Greatest Misses", Onyx" Bacdafucup", Run -D.M.C." Down With The King", Shaquille O' Neal and LL Cool J" Mr. Smith".
He is best known for directing the comedy films "Bring It On" (2000), "Down with Love" (2003), "The Break-Up" (2006) and "Yes Man" (2008), as well as the superhero films "Ant-Man" (2015) and its sequel, "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018).
Frederik Bay( born 6 August 1997) is a Danish footballer who plays for Helsingør.
The year of his demise is traditionally given by modern scholars as 92 BC, but other dates are also possible including the year 224 SE (89/88BC).
Jūlija Tepliha or Julia Teplih( born June 26, 1984 in Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian figure skater.
It was screened at the 2004 Cannes Film Festival in the Director's Fortnight section.
The film stars Helen Twelvetrees, Bruce Cabot, Adrienne Ames, William Harrigan, Ken Murray, Charles Middleton and Adrienne D'Ambricourt.
In 1426, Reinald's widow married Adolf's son Rupert, but he died in 1431 without heirs and the Duchy of Jülich-Berg then descended to Adolf's nephew Gerhard.
Lieutenant-Colonel George John Carnegie, 9th Earl of Northesk DL (1843 – 1891) was a British nobleman and soldier.
Saint Julian of Le Mans( 3rd century; perhaps 4th century) is a saint venerated in both the Roman Catholic and Eastern Orthodox Church, honored as the first bishop of Le Mans.
His work on the social conditions for human happiness at Erasmus University Rotterdam in the Netherlands, has contributed to a renewed interest in happiness as an aim for public policy.
He graduated from Bloom High School in Chicago Heights, Illinois.
He eventually went back to his first love of being a hands-on film maker.
On their return a few years later, Andrew saw service as Major General in the Greco-Turkish War (1919–1922), but the war went badly for Greece, and Andrew was blamed, in part, for the loss of Greek territory.
E.V. V. died in 2011 due to complications of throat cancer and cardiac arrest.
He has directed 14 films since 1961.
Joseph William Brown( born 3 April 1988 in Bradford, England) is an English footballer, who plays for Bradford Park Avenue.
Chemabwai competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics, but did not advance past 400 metres heats.
In 1482, he inherited the County of Brienne from his brother Peter II, Count of Saint-Pol.
is a 1933 American pre-Code mystery film directed by Erle C. Kenton and written by Francis Martin and Alice D. G. Miller.
His no- nonsense approach also made him a fine serial director, and when given the chance of a top- budget adventure film he gave his studio one of its biggest hits in Arabian Nights."
For example, Sweden has used the concept of" födelsehemortdomicile of birth") since 1947.
"Mystery Science Theater 3000" featured the film in January 1990 as an episode during its first season on The Comedy Channel.
Along with that it won six Kerala State Film Awards.
Bláznova kronika( literally A Jester's Tale) is a 1964 Czech film directed by Karel Zeman.
He died of a stroke.
Le Docteur Laennec,< nowiki>"</ nowiki> the story of the inventor of the stethoscope;< nowiki>"</ nowiki>
It was founded in 1910 under the Church of Uganda and named after the Omukama of Toro, Daudi Kasagama Kyebambe IV.
Antonio Maceo Airport is an international airport located in Santiago, Cuba.
In 2014, Verizon Wireless signed a 2G and 3G roaming agreement with Open Mobile to allow Verizon customers to use Open Mobile's network without charge.
They had two sons, and at least one daughter:
Stephen Van Rensselaer III( November 1, 1764 January 26, 1839) was a New York landowner, businessman, militia officer, and politician.
The following year, Prince Alexander Nikitich became the first member of the Romanov family to visit Russia after the Revolution.
Percy Wenrich (January 23, 1887 – March 17, 1952) was a United States composer of ragtime and popular music.
Al- Mu'tadid was the son of al- Muwaffaq, who was the regent and effective ruler of the Abbasid state during the reign of his brother, Caliph al- Mu'tamid.
From its meager budget it amassed domestic earnings of$ 39.5 million plus$ 7.9 international for worldwide total of$ 47.4 million.
Det store varpet" was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival.
Francisco de Ridder( born 23 October 1929, date of death unknown) was an Argentine alpine skier.
I Like Only You , is a 1949 French comedy film , directed by Pierre Montazel, written by Jean Montazel, and starring by Luis Mariano and Louis de Funès.
She was the daughter of Isabella, Duchess of Lorraine, and René of Anjou (King of Naples, Duke of Anjou, Bar and Lorraine, Count of Provence).
David Moysie( fl. 1590) was a Scottish notary public, known as the author of the" Memoirs of the Affairs of Scotland, 1577 – 1603".
He allied himself with the Bishops of Lüttich and with Jülich and Kleve.
Crazy Heart is a 2009 American drama film, written and directed by Scott Cooper, in his directorial debut.
Les Richards( date of birth unknown) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).
He has frequently appeared in literary and artistic works, and his political philosophy, known as Caesarism inspired politicians into the modern era.
In 2015, her sixth album "Love Life" debuted and peaked at number two on "Billboard"s Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, becoming her highest-charting album on the chart.
Henry appointed Frederick of Luxembourg to succeed in Lower Lorraine.
She was the niece of Parvatibai, wife of Sadashivrao Bhau, and was emotionally attached to her.
He had, by Isabel Rarity, a son, Sylvester who was born on 16 January 1732, and married Margaret Peter on 9 June 1755.
Ayapel Airport is an airport located in Ayapel, Colombia.
Her 2011 album "Biophilia" was marketed as an interactive app album with its own education program.
It is also enclaved in Kansas City.
Theobald joined Otto IV, Holy Roman Emperor, on 4 July 1214 at the Battle of Bouvines, where he was taken in prisoner in the rout.
He was the son of Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond, an illegitimate son of King Charles II.
Dorothy Stafford, Lady Stafford (1 October 1526 – 22 September 1604) was an English noblewoman, and an influential person at the court of Queen Elizabeth I of England, to whom Dorothy served as Mistress of the Robes.
Hugh married Alice of Monthléry, daughter of Guy I, lord of Monthléry, and Hodierna de Gometz.
During her career, she has sold over 20 million records worldwide and scored 10 international hits, including 3 number ones.
There is a possibility that Cleopatra could have been a daughter of a local noble from Jerusalem.
In the late 1930s, Wenrich and several of his fellow hitmakers formed a sensational review called "Songwriters on Parade", performing all across the Eastern seaboard on the Loew's and Keith circuits.
She also acted in Argentinean films.
Bruce David Janu( born July 12, 1968) is an educator and low budget indie filmmaker.
His 2009 film" Beauty" was entered into the 31st Moscow International Film Festival.
Симонида Палеолог, "Simonida Paleolog"), was a Byzantine princess and queen consort of the Kingdom of Serbia as the fourth wife of Serbian king Stefan Milutin (r. 1282–1321).
The film is one of the early collaborations of the composer- lyricist team of Megan Cavallari and David Goldsmith, and some copies were released with a CD soundtrack attached to the back cover.
Other films include the critically lauded drama" Heavenly Creatures"( 1994), the mockumentary film" Forgotten Silver"( 1995), the horror comedy" The Frighteners"( 1996), the epic monster remake film" King Kong"( 2005), the supernatural drama film" The Lovely Bones"( 2009), and the World War I documentary film" They Shall Not Grow Old"( 2018).
Trenton Lawson" Trent" Lehman( February 23, 1961 – January 18, 1982) was an American child actor best known for his role as Butch Everett on" Nanny and the Professor".
Hwang Te- Song( born December 20, 1989) is a South Korean football player.
Crime and Punishment is a 1970 Soviet drama film in two parts directed by Lev Kulidzhanov, based on the eponymous novel by Fyodor Dostoevsky.
The film is based on a novel by Günther Weisenborn and is set amongst the fishing community of the Danish island of Fanø.
Archibald Hamilton, 9th Duke of Hamilton and 6th Duke of Brandon( 15 July 1740 – 16 February 1819) was a Scottish peer and politician.
He was appointed Colonel of the Glamorganshire Militia in 1791 and was also Lord-Lieutenant of Glamorganshire between 1793 and his death.
Some of them landed in state- funded homes, while others simply moved on to one of the many abandoned construction sites that dot the city.
The Maine flood of 1987 is A pair of spring storms in March and April 1987, combined with snow- melt, resulted in heavy flooding in Maine, New Hampshire and Massachusetts.
Lydia Ernestine Becker( 24 February 1827 – 18 July 1890) was a leader in the early British suffrage movement, as well as an amateur scientist with interests in biology and astronomy.
John's life is placed in danger when the T- X finds him.
Shaikh Saud bin Abdelaziz bin Hamad bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani( 1949 in Qatar)
" Krrish" received mixed reviews from critics in India, but got a record opening week at the box office.
Nicolas Morês da Cruz( born 18 May 1997) commonly known as Nicolas Careca, is a Brazilian footballer who plays forGrêmio, as a forward.
He is commonly grouped under the loose association of filmmakers known as the "Sixth Generation" of the Cinema of China..
He worked at Sven-Olof Sandberg's music publishment "Svenska Noter" and 1931 he began recording gramophone records.
The tone of the show is ultra-patriotic, with Communists portrayed as racist, vindictive, and tools of a totalitarian foreign power, the Soviet Union.
Confessions of a Window Cleaner is a 1974 British sex comedy film, directed by Val Guest.
He studied singing with Morgenstierne in Oslo, zur Muhlen in London and R. Willani in Paris.
John Duckett (13 September 1580 – 27 October 1648) was an English gentleman and landowner who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1624.
From 1893 to 1895, he represented the county in 5 first- class matches, the last of which came against Derbyshire in the 1895 County Championship.
In 1154 the two were in conflict again, and Nur ad- Din finally occupied Damascus by force, exiling Mujir ad- Din to Homs.
The magazine was established in 1977 by the poets Knute Skinner and Peter Nicoletta.
A fare left a camera in the car one day and a little later in the day he came across a streetcar accident.
Anne Parsons, Countess of Rosse(" née" Messel, previously Armstrong- Jones; 8 February 1902 – 3 July 1992), was a society hostess and one of the founders of The Victorian Society and the mother of Antony Armstrong- Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon.
Kid Kenobi or Jesse Thomas Desenberg is an Australian DJ, sound mixer, music journalist and dance music artist.
The Spurs won the NASL Championship in 1969 but were dissolved shortly after the 1970 NASL season.
He was the brother of Haqq ad- Din II, and the father of Mansur ad- Din, Sabr ad- Din II and Badlay ibn Sa'ad ad- Din.
Catherine Exley was the wife of a soldier and accompanied her husband when he served in Portugal, Spain and Ireland during the Napoleonic Wars.
Herman's nephew, Godfrey the Bearded, coveted the position, and Gothelo (Herman’s brother and Godfrey’s father) invaded the city and murdered Louis.
In 1938, he was elevated to Knight Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order, made a Knight of the Order of the Thistle in 1942 and was appointed Chancellor of the Order of the Thistle in 1956.
His has been considered a" golden age" of the bishopric of Wrocław.
Born in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, he attended Miami Carol City High School in Miami, Florida, and played collegiately for the University of Georgia.
Ghost city may refer to:
Shake, Rattle & Roll V is the fifth installment of the Shake Rattle & Roll franchise.
Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Bibikov   was an officer of the Imperial Russian Army, who saw service during the Russo-Swedish War and the Napoleonic Wars.
" On the Trail"'s first festival screening was at the 2009 Tucson Slow Food& Film Festival in Arizona.
As part of the electrification of the line in the early 1980s, new station buildings were built, the western relief line and Platform 3 removed, and the 1939 built signal box on Platform 1 that used to control movements to the Belmont line decommissioned on 4 December 1983.
There was no issue from either marriage.
Fernando Augusto de Castro Ribeiro( born 30 March 1997), known as Fernando Castro or simply Fernando, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Bahia as a goalkeeper.
Early successful recordings in 1912 were by the American Quartet and by Dolly Connolly.
He has also worked for other well- known independent studios and on a few occasions for major Hollywood studios.
His title of Baron Grey de Ruthyn was awarded by the House of Lords to his nephew Charles Longueville, 12th Baron Grey de Ruthyn, son of his sister Susan.
Amar Akbar
The Last Ride to Santa Cruz is a 1964 West German- Austrian Western film directed by Rolf Olsen and starring Edmund Purdom, Mario Adorf and Marianne Koch.
It was later remade in Tamil as" Shankar Salim Simon"( 1978), in Telugu as" Ram Robert Rahim"( 1980) and in Malayalam as" John Jaffer Janardhanan"( 1982).
In the minor leagues he was named a 2016 AA mid-season All Star, and the 2016" USA Today" Minor League Player of the Year, MLB Pipeline Hitter of the Year, and ESPN Prospect of the Year.
With her, Eirene brought the Montferrat rights to the kingdom of Thessalonica, a dominion that, despite having been conquered half-a-century before Eirene's birth by the Byzantine state of Epirus, was still claimed by its short-lived (1204–1224) Montferrat royal dynasty.
Notable roles include" San Quentin"( 1937) with Pat O'Brien and Humphrey Bogart," Angels with Dirty Faces"( 1938) with James Cagney and Bogart," They Drive by Night"( 1940) with George Raft and Bogart," The Man Who Came to Dinner"( 1942) with Monty Woolley," Kings Row"( 1942) with Ronald Reagan," Nora Prentiss"( 1947), and" I Was a Male War Bride"( 1949) with Cary Grant.
It was founded in 1974 by Dr. P. T Abraham, an educationist and a philanthropist.
Another related film called," May Daga sa Labas ng Lungga", was released earlier in the same year.
The film stars Forest Whitaker, Sherilyn Fenn, James Belushi, Sharon Stone and Lois Chiles.
He succeeded his father as Earl of Castlehaven on 2 November 1686.
Despite efforts by her father, no suitable husband was found for Catherine .< br> 17th century theories that she was secretly married with Louis de Bourbon, Bishop of Liège, are now believed to be false.
Born as the third child and second daughter of Adam Wenceslaus, Duke of Cieszyn( by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Gotthard Kettler, Duke of Courland), she was the last ruler of Cieszyn from the Polish Piast dynasty.
" Krrish" was conceived to be a film of global significance and a trendsetter in Indian cinema, with visual effects on par with those from Hollywood.
Katherine of Bavaria (c. 1361–1400 AD, Hattem), was the eldest child of Albert I, Duke of Bavaria and his first wife Margaret of Brieg.
She was the wife of Tonantius Ferreolus.
He was also known as" Josef v. Baky" and" József Baky".
It was also voted Best Film at the 1964 Addis Ababa IFF in Ethiopia, and was honored in three categories at Cannes.
He worked with Victor Tcherikover and Menahem Stern on the standard edition of Jewish papyri.
Rachel Feldman( born August 22, 1954) is an American director of film and television and screenwriter of television films.
The music of the film released on 2 February 2006.
It passes through the communes Buteni, Bârsa, Bocsig, Ineu, Seleuș, Zărand, Olari, Chișineu- Criș, Socodor and Pilu.
Hymn entitled" Bagabag Central School, Beloved Alma Mater" is composed by Maria Luisa dela Cueva Cabading- Pallanan on August, 2006.
In 2000, he established his own production company called as E. V .V. Cinema.
In the latter city, the chief seat of the kings of France, Charles was crowned by Theodoric I, Bishop of Metz.
Judy Shepard is an activist.
Her elder sister Berengaria of Navarre married Richard I of England.
He was the illegitimate son of King Henry I of England.
He was candidated as mayor of Roma, taking just 0.8% of the votes.
She lived with him until his death in 1961.
He married at 19, but with the advent of the dust storms that marked the Dust Bowl period, he left his wife and three children to join the thousands of Okies who were migrating to California looking for employment.
She married three times: Francis St Clair- Erskine, Lord Loughborough( heir to the 5th Earl of Rosslyn); Sir John Charles Peniston Milbanke, 11th Bt; and Prince Dmitri Alexandrovich of Russia.
She signed with Interscope and Polydor later that year.
He suggested on the basis of weathering evidence that the Sphinx is older than its commonly accepted 4th dynastic date and instead it and two other buildings on the Giza Plateau date to the early dynastic or late predynastic period.
In 1967 Petrović was a member of the jury at the 17th Berlin International Film Festival.
He was finally buried, after several temporary graves, in the St. Thomas Church at Strasbourg.
Reginald II of Guelders, called" the Black"( c. 1295 – 12 October 1343), was Count of Guelders, and from 1339 onwards Duke of Guelders, and Zutphen, in the Low Countries, from 1326 to 1343.
Dead Man's Hand is a 2007 film directed by Charles Band.
3 Supermen a Tokyo is a 1968 film directed by Bitto Albertini.
His family was of German-Jewish background.
Grenfell- Baines's post-war work included the New Towns of Newton Aycliffe( planned 1947) and Peterlee( planned 1948).
James Stuart, 3rd Earl of Moray (1581 – 6 August 1638) was the son of James Stewart, 2nd Earl of Moray and Elizabeth Stuart, 2nd Countess of Moray.
Saif ad- Din Ghazi I( died 1149) was the Emir of Mosul from 1146 to 1149.
Soni has also appeared in the films" Ghostbusters"( 2016)," Office Christmas Party"( 2016), and" Detective Pikachu"( 2019), and currently stars on the series" Miracle Workers"( 2019 – present).
City Park can refer to:
Sol Lesser cast two Olympic athletes in" Tarzan's Revenge": 1936 decathlon champion Glenn Morris as Tarzan and aquatic medal- winner Eleanor Holm as" Eleanor".
Elan recently reunited with The Wailers as the lead singer and is touring the world singing the Wailers' classics as well as songs from his" Together as One" album.
It is written and directed by Randall K. Rubin and Jon Schroder.
She appeared in three Russ Meyer films:" LornaMudhoney" and" Mondo Topless".
@Home or @home may refer to:
and by Mauro Scocco in 2012 on the album "Årets julklapp!
The couple had eight children:
However, according to the historian J. D. Spence, "this story is essentially beyond verification, since the photographs later released by the Chinese authorities are of dubious authenticity and details on Lin Biao’s exact plans and on the other plotters are blurred".
She was the daughter of Serbian King Stefan Uroš II Milutin and Princess Ana Terter, daughter of George I of Bulgaria.
It follows the later years of wild game preserver/ naturalist Adamson.
It is a 2017 documentary film which explores the life of award- winning Filipino theatre producer Jhett Tolentino from his migration into the United States and his entry into theatre production in New York.
Her innovative jewelry was influenced by the" Bauhaus school, constructivism, and democratic ideals".
They produced a number of horror movies such as Darwaza, Purana Mandir and Veerana.
Men O' War is the third sound film starring Laurel and Hardy, released on June 29, 1929.
He composed at least eighteen rags, including "Ashy Africa,Noodles,Peaches and Cream" (1905), "Crab Apples," and "The Smiler" (1907).
In 2015, she began a recurring role as Carol Holloway on the Fox musical drama series" Empire".
The School began operation in a rented building at Tangasseri with 275 students on roll.
You're Not Alone is a 1978 album by American guitarist and blues musician Roy Buchanan.
William F. Brown( 29 November 1919, in Tampa, Florida – 6 September 2010, in Kennewick, Washington) was an American welding engineer, professional engineer and magnetic pulse welding expert.
The movie's score and soundtrack is composed by Himesh Reshammiya and Anu Malik with lyrics by Sameer.
He was the father of Takayama Ukon, and was a Kirishitan.
His definitive retirement came in 2007.
He was the son of James II of Aragon and his second wife Blanche of Anjou.
His reign polarizes opinion amongst scholars and historians, some viewing his legacy as evidence of success, and some as a reminder of his tyrannical rule.
The "Oxford Dictionary of National Biography" entry describes Ballard's work as being occupied with "eros, thanatos, mass media and emergent technologies".
It was co-produced by Orion Pictures in their first film under the banner since" One Man's Hero" in 1999.
Filmed with the cooperation of the U.S. Navy, it was a mild recruiting film in an era when the United States military was gearing up for a future war.
Michael Govan( born 1963) is the director of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art since 2006.
Based on a play by Arthur Schnitzler, it is set during the 1809 French occupation of Vienna during the Napoleonic Wars.
He was born in Hindley Street, Adelaide, the son of Thomas Johnson, at one time member for West Adelaide and East Adelaide in the South Australian House of Assembly.
She has guest- starred in many television series, including" Mad Men", and had recurring roles in" Boston PublicNip/ Tuck" and" Swingtown".
Emperor Zhao died after reigning for 13 years, at the age of 20.
Matt Corboy( born June 4, 1973) is an American actor.
The Seventh Company Outdoors is a 1977 French comedy film directed by Robert Lamoureux.
Lee Roberts was a film actor during the Hollywood Golden Age.
I Come in Peace( released under the alternative title Dark Angel) is a 1990 American science fiction action film directed by Craig R. Baxley, and starring Dolph Lundgren, Brian Benben, Betsy Brantley and Matthias Hues.
Ekkehard of Aura( died 1126) was the Abbot of Aura( a monastery founded by Otto, Bishop of Bamberg, on the Franconian Saale river, near Bad Kissingen, Bavaria) from 1108.
Henry( d. 2 August 1218), Count of Looz and Count of Duras, son of Gérard II, Count of Looz, and Adelaide of Gelderland, daughter of Henry I, Count of Guelders, and Agnes of Arnstein, daughter of Louis III of Arnstein.
William Taylor" Tay" Garnett( June 13, 1894 – October 3, 1977) was an American film director and writer.
He worked in Copenhagen and was the doctor responsible for Christine Jorgensen's sex reassignment, and she even chose her name in honor of him.
It won the Big Golden Arena for Best Film, with Mirjana Karanović picking up the Golden Arena for Best Actress at the 1980 Pula Film Festival.
A wealthy nobleman, William originally served the Habsburgs as a member of the court of Margaret of Parma, governor of the Spanish Netherlands.
As a general rule with respect to passports, the place of birth is determined to be the country that currently has" sovereignty" over the actual place of birth, regardless of when the birth actually occurred.
"It's Oh
The lyrics of the song was written by Majrooh Sultanpuri, and the music was composed by Laxmikant – Pyarelal.
He was offered a contract with the Montreal Maroons ice hockey team but decided to continue his studies instead.
" Ami Banglay Gaan Gai" is a patriotic song by Bangladeshi poet and composer Pratul Mukhopadhyay.
His works established biosemiotics as a field of research.
Arthur Beauchamp( 1827 – 28 April 1910) was a Member of Parliament from New Zealand.
Pope Felix I( died 30 December 274) was the Bishop of Rome or Pope from 5 January 269 to his death in 274.
He then re-evaluated his career, developing a unique cinematic style with "L'amour fou".
This began Caesar's civil war, and his victory in the war by 45 BC put him in an unrivalled position of power and influence.
None of their children survived early childhood, and when the king died in 1498, the throne went to his cousin, Louis XII.
He started as an actor and theater director, before becoming one of the most influential German- language filmmakers during the Weimar Republic.
At first, this child looked like a young man, but one later finds out that girls have to become tough and look boyish in order to survive.
It was probably the search for adventure and the lack of opportunities that led him to enter the French service.
Toe Naing Mann( born 29 June 1978) is a Burmese businessman and founder of Red Link Communications, a major Burmese telecommunications group.
This film was dedicated to the memory of Robin Williams and Mickey Rooney who both died before the film's release.
" In the Garden"( sometimes rendered by its first line" I Come to the Garden Alone" is a gospel song written by American songwriter C. Austin Miles( 1868 – 1946), a former pharmacist who served as editor and manager at Hall- Mack publishers for 37 years.
Amalie Augusta Elisabeth; Copenhagen, 14 March 1880 – Copenhagen, 2 November 1945) was the sixth child and third daughter of Frederick VIII of Denmark and his wife, Princess Louise of Sweden and Norway.
Other popular films include the Western" Hang' Em High"( 1968), the psychological thriller" Play Misty for Me"( 1971), the crime film" Thunderbolt and Lightfoot"( 1974), the Western" The Outlaw Josey Wales"( 1976), the prison film" Escape from Alcatraz"( 1979), the action film" Firefox"( 1982), the suspense thriller" Tightrope"( 1984), the Western" Pale Rider"( 1985), the war films" Where Eagles Dare"( 1968)," Kelly's Heroes"( 1970), and" Heartbreak Ridge"( 1986), the action thriller" In the Line of Fire"( 1993), the romantic drama" The Bridges of Madison County"( 1995), and the drama" Gran Torino"( 2008).
Muhammad Shah's tomb is a notable monument within the Lodi Gardens of New Delhi.
Attenborough joined the Royal Air Force during the Second World War and served in the film unit.
His mother was Quetzalpetlatzin, don Tomás's first wife, who( according to Chimalpahin) was a Mexica noblewoman, the daughter of Tlilpotoncatzin, cihuacoatl of Tenochtitlan, thus making don
Anthony I, Count of Ligny (1450–1519) was the youngest son of Louis de Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol and his wife, Jeanne de Bar, Countess of Marle and Soissons.
There was little public engagement concerning the wording of the pledge before its adoption.
He played college basketball for the Georgia Bulldogs.
He is married to Duchess Sophie in Bavaria.
He was educated at Wellington College and Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Robert Woodrow Levering( October 3, 1914 – August 11, 1989) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, son-in- law of Usher L. Burdick and brother- in- law of Quentin N. Burdick.
The film was financed by businessman David Sullivan to promote the career of Millington, who was his girlfriend at the time.
He began his career in Marathi theatre, also putting up performances in Hindi theatre.
He graduated from the Film and TV School of The Academy of Performing Arts in Prague in 1995.
He was the director of the Wroclaw Philharmonic from 1965 to 1968 and founded the festival Wratislavia Cantans.
Murray identifies her as" Hadwida, daughter of Arnulf II of Chiny" but such different spellings are common in historical documents.
Crime and Punishment in Suburbia( stylized as Crime+ Punishment in Suburbia or simply Crime+ Punishment) is a 2000 film directed by Rob Schmidt and starring Monica Keena, Ellen Barkin, Michael Ironside, James DeBello and Vincent Kartheiser.
The album was released on September 8, 2009, on Fervent Records.
Thomas A." Tom" DiCillo( born August 14, 1953) is an American film director, screenwriter and cinematographer.
Some examples include promoting recycling at their workplace, removing discriminatory language from training materials, working for gender equality in athletics, and helping to convince employers to reject contracts that would clearly have negative impacts on society or the environment.
It was released on 13 November 2015 on the band's Bandcamp, and then a week later on Heavenly Records.
Following a half-season loan to Sint-Truidense V.V., he returned to Muangthong United where did not feature.
Baxley's other television directing credits include miniseries based on Stephen King works namely" Storm of the Century"( 1999)," Rose Red"( 2002)," The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer"( 2003)," Kingdom Hospital"( 2004), as well as" The Triangle"( 2005) and" The Lost Room"( 2006).
The Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Passenger Terminal is a historic train station in Mobile, Alabama, United States.
He was known for his pioneering work in the genre of horror films, particularly slasher films, where he mixed horror cliches with humor and satire.
He was the eldest son of Jamal ad- Din Muhammad.
Willy Angerer( c. 1905 – July 21, 1936) was an Austrian mountaineer.
Jacob was the eldest son of Francis Zorzi, of Venetian origin, and Euphrosyne Sommaripa, of the Cyclades.
During the Gilded Age, it became fashionable for women to wear plumes in their hats.
In 1915, he moved to the United States and worked for the film studios Pathé Exchange, Metro Pictures Corporation, the World Film Company, Cosmopolitan Productions, Nazimova Productions, and his own newly created studio, Capellani Productions,
Mithoon received the Filmfare Award for Best Music Director, and in 2014 received a nomination for Filmfare Award for Best Lyricist in the 59th Filmfare Awards.
The Duke of Edinburgh is her younger brother.
Arthur John
Filming took place in England, California, and Arizona from January to.
Rosemary Clooney included it on her 1959 MGM Records album" Hymns from the Heart".
The Pledge Protection Act is proposed legislation in the United States Congress that seeks to deprive all Federal courts, including the Supreme Court, of jurisdiction to hear constitutional challenges to the Pledge of Allegiance or its recitation.
He received the Filmfare Best Cinematographer Award for" Prem Nagar"( 1974) starring Rajesh Khanna.
His other compositions include 3 piano forte sonatas, 3 oratorios, 11 cantatas, 5 masses, 2 Te Deums, a Stabat mater, a Salve regina, a Tantum ergo, numerous motets, and several other sacred works.
Mohed Altrad is a Syrian- born French billionaire businessman, rugby chairman and writer, born c. March 1948.
Bohun's spent most of his early career reconquering Marcher lands captured by Llywelyn ap Gruffudd during the Welsh war in England.
" Baby if You're Ready" is a song by American trio formed by Snoop Dogg's Doggy's Angels featuring LaToiya Williams.
After his father's death at the Battle of Boroughbridge, the family lands were forfeited.
He moved with his wife Delia to Montreal when the head office was transferred.
François Missoffe( 13 October 1919 in Toulon, France – 28 August 2003 in Rouen) was a French politician and diplomat.
The Girl in the Fog is a 2017 Italian psychological thriller film based on the novel of the same name by Donato Carrisi.
The film was produced for$ 7 million by Country Music Television, and was originally acquired by Paramount Vantage for a direct- to- video release, but was later purchased for theatrical distribution by Fox Searchlight Pictures.
Muiredach Ua hÉnlainge was a Bishop of Clonfert who died in 1117.
Don Juan is a 1969 Czechoslovak short film by Jan Švankmajer, based on traditional Czech puppet plays of the Don Juan legend.
The Râușor is a right tributary of the Mara in Maramure ș County, Romania.
"Martín Fierro" (1968), about the main character of Argentina's national poem; "El Santo de la Espada" (1970), about General José de San Martín; and  (1971), about Martín Miguel de Güemes.
After Fuling acceded to the throne, he posthumously named her as empress dowager and built for her the Yunling mausoleum, which is now a Major Historical and Cultural Site of China.
Brad Williamson( born July 4, 1977) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman.
A88 or A- 88 may refer to:
Diario de una ninfómana(" Diary of a Nymphomaniac") is a 2008 Spanish erotic drama directed by Christian Molina and starring Belén Fabra and Leonardo Sbaraglia.
Footage from this film was used as forensic evidence in the Guatemalan court for crimes against humanity, in the genocide case against Efraín Ríos Montt.
The movie was adapted in Hindi as "Ajnabee".
No Greater Glory is a 1934 American Pre- Code allegorical anti-war film directed by Frank Borzage and based on the novel" A Pál utcai fiúk" by Ferenc Molnár.
Many of his creations are very collectible and highly valuable.
Man About Town( original title:
Lenin in 1918(" Lenin v 1918 godu") is a 130- minute- long Soviet propaganda film released in 1939.
He died of lung cancer.
Suicide Commandos/Commando suicida is a 1968 Italian war movie starring Aldo Ray.
He was named after his older brother Siemowit, who died young in 1224.
Krrish is a 2006 Indian Hindi- language superhero film directed, produced, and written by Rakesh Roshan, and starring Hrithik Roshan, Priyanka Chopra, Rekha and Naseeruddin Shah.
Such a pledge was first composed, with a text different from the one used at present, by Captain George Thatcher Balch, a Union Army Officer during the Civil War and later a teacher of patriotism in New York City schools.
It is the sequel to 2011's and is the 9th highest grossing film of 2015.
Maisie Gets Her Man is a 1942 film directed by Roy Del Ruth.
He died between 716 and 731.
Together with Thomas Sebeok and Thure von Uexküll, he has developed a semiotic approach in biology( biosemiotics) in his works of the 1970s and 1980s.
Huo Guang served as regent.
Monica Bandini( born November 16, 1964) is a retired racing cyclist from Italy.
Keren Goor( or Karen,; born 28 July 1998) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a defender and has appeared for the Israel women's national team.
Pamela Jain is an Indian playback singer.
On the Ides of March (15 March), 44 BC, Caesar was assassinated by a group of rebellious senators led by Gaius Cassius Longinus, Marcus Junius Brutus and Decimus Junius Brutus, who stabbed him to death.
Petria's Wreath, is a 1980 Yugoslav film directed by Srđan Karanović.
"I Believe I Can
His elder brother Bob also played in the VFL and was a dual Commonwealth Games silver medalist in weightlifting.
His links to the Armagnacs were strengthened by his marriage in 1417 to Anne of Armagnac, daughter of Bernard VII, Count of Armagnac, from whom the faction took its name, and Bonne de Berry.
The film was released by Fox Film Corporation on October 13, 1918.
The Pledge states: "I pledge to explore and take into account the social and environmental consequences of any job I consider and will try to improve these aspects of any organizations for which I work.
After her husband's death in 1933, Coolidge continued her work with the deaf and wrote for several magazines.
Jordan Love( born November 2, 1998) is an American football quarterback for the Utah State Aggies.
His mistress was Charlotte Stuart, Duchess of Albany, illegitimate daughter of Prince Charles Edward Stuart, with whom he had three children, including Charles Edward Stuart, Count Roehenstart.
He is a member of the Republican Party.
"The Secret of the Sword" was first shown on television, in its original episodic form, during the week of the premiere of the She-Ra series, from September 9, 1985 to September 13, 1985.
Margaret Palaeologa (11 August 1510 in Casale Monferrato – 28 December 1566 in Mantua), was an Italian ruler; ruling Marchioness of Montferrat in 1533 - 1536.
It was based on the 1932 novel" The Return of Bulldog Drummond" by H.C. McNeile.
Aliocha Schneider( born 21 September 1993 as Nicolas Schneider) is a Canadian actor who was born in Paris, but grew up in Quebec.
Her rapping is distinctive for its fast flow and the use of alter egos and accents, primarily British cockney.
Thomas Noel( 11 May 1799 – 22 May 1861) was an English poet.
Camillo Bazzoni (born 29 December 1934) is an Italian cinematographer and film director.
In 1958 Poitier starred with Tony Curtis in the critically acclaimed" The Defiant Ones" as chained- together convicts who escape and must cooperate.
Stephens also performs and records with Luther Russell as Those Pretty Wrongs.
Prípad Barnabáš Kos(" The Case of Barnabáš Kos") is a 1964 Czechoslovak film directed by Peter Solan.
Tarzan and the Mermaids is a 1948 adventure film based on the Tarzan character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.
The film has earned a cult following, with praise for Murphy and Bassett's chemistry, the humor, musical score and Wes Craven's direction.
She was a daughter of the Byzantine Emperor Andronikos II Palaiologos (r. 1282–1328) and Irene of Montferrat.
Adam Wenceslaus of Cieszyn( 12 December 1574 – 13 July 1617), was a Duke of Cieszyn from 1579 until his death.
He was appointed the Minister of Education of the Government of Bangladesh for two terms.
While Matilda ruled England, Stephen's queen Matilda of Boulogne managed to defeat Ranulf and his allies at Winchester, which eventually resulted in Stephen being able to resume the throne.
As her brother Adolf was in Flanders, the States of Guelders convinced him to appoint his sister Catherine as regent, pending his return.
It is about aspects of the development of the worldwide financial system, claiming that elitists economically exploit the rest of society, especially in the developing world, but also in western nations.
Her award- winning film and TV credits include" The Joy Luck Club The People vs. Larry FlyntDark Matter Zero EffectShanghai Callingand High Crimes."
L'amore più bello(" The most beautiful love", also known as" L'uomo dai calzoni corti") is a 1958 Italian comedy- drama film directed by Glauco Pellegrini.
Stan Marks is an Australian writer and journalist.
Catherine reluctantly agreed.
A sequel has been in development hell since the original film's release, with Stephen Chiodo having stated that he hopes to produce a series of films with a total of four installments, or a television series based on the film.
Spanish company Cuibar Productions financed the film.
My Daughter's Tutor( German: Der Erzieher meiner Tochter) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Harry Liedtke, Dolly Davis and Charles Puffy.
While the overall premise of the film is accurate, many of the details are fictionalized for the continuity of the film.
under his production company name" Jalsa Pictures".
His "Diploma Andreanum" of 1224 listed the liberties of the Transylvanian Saxon community.
In 1978, he directed his first feature film," Blue Fin", starring Hardy Kruger.
He led on a career of producing and directing many television shows and movies for nearly 4 decades.
She started anchoring when she was nine for Splash, a kids' channel and then moved on to work in commercials.
Prince Nikita Nikitich Romanov( 13 May 1923 – 3 May 2007) was a British born, American historian and writer, author of a book about Ivan the Terrible.
Felicity
Famous for his disastrous war against the Chu confederation, his death in battle ended the Western Zhou ’s early expansion and marked the beginning of his dynasty ’s decline.
It explains the role of the Plan of Salvation in LDS theology, with questions like" Who am I? Where did I come from?", and" Where am I going?" being explored from an LDS perspective.
What is a Feeling?"
He plays at lock for Lyon Olympique in the Top 14.
Brian Patrick Kennedy( born 5 November 1961) is an Irish- born art museum director who has worked in Ireland and Australia, and now lives and works in the United States.
Andrew Ready( born 11 July 1993) is a rugby union player for the Queensland Reds team in the Super Rugby competition, playing as a hooker.
A fear of flying is a fear of air travel.
It was released direct-to-video.
Where Mountains Float  is a 1955 Danish documentary film directed by Bjarne Henning-Jensen.
" Tik Tok"( stylized as" TiK ToK") is the debut single by American singer Kesha.
There Was".
Sir Lazarus Fletcher( 3 March 1854 – 6 January 1921) was a British geologist.
After his marriage in 1822 he moved to Bordeaux.
Richard Cory- Wright married Helga Wright Godfrey in 1998.
The song failed to chart on the "Billboard" Hot 100 but managed to peak at number 38 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
In 2019 he was again an All Star, led the AL in walks and WAR, and received the 2019 American League Silver Slugger Award at third base.
It is generally believed that Xiong Ai was the monarch of Chu at the time.
It was produced by Antony Perumbavoor under the company Aashirvad Cinemas.
the ancient Greek historian Appian has AntiochusX defeated by the Armenian king Tigranes II and losing his kingdom; the third century historian Eusebius wrote that AntiochusX was defeated by his cousins and escaped to the Parthians before asking the Romans for help in having him reinstated on the throne.
After the demise of the Federalist Party, Van Rensselaer was a John Quincy Adams supporter, and served in the United States House of Representatives for one partial term and three full ones.
"If I Ever Go Crazy" is a song recorded by American country music group The Shooters.
Demy's films are celebrated for their sumptuous visual style.
Following the Nazi takeover of power in Germany, Meinert, who was Jewish, went into exile in the Netherlands.
After assuming control of government, Caesar began a program of social and governmental reforms, including the creation of the Julian calendar.
Tusset's third novel," Sakamura, Corrales y los muertos rientes"( literally:" Sakamura, Corrales and the Smiling Dead"), was released in 2009.
He retired from the Israel Defence Forces in 1962 with the rank of major-general.
However, there is no Christian or Muslim record remotely associating Muayyad with Christianity or even, indeed, religious speculation.
For his work in the Western film" Unforgiven"( 1992) and the sports drama" Million Dollar Baby"( 2004), Eastwood won Academy Awards for Best Director and Best Picture, as well as receiving nominations for Best Actor.
Vincenzo Gonzaga( 1634 – 28 April 1714) was a Duke of Guastalla.
The film was produced and distributed by the Universal Pictures.
Dietrich was the third son of Count Adolf III of the Marck and Margaret of Jülich .< br>
The film was produced by UFA at the Babelsberg Studios in Berlin, with sets designed by Otto Hunte and Willy Schiller.
Paal Bog (born 5 December 1919 in Nærøy, died 19 September 2002 in Nedstrand) was a Norwegian economist, civil servant and diplomat.
Radhikabai was trained in administration and warfare at Chhatrapati Shahu I's Ajinkyatara fort since childhood.
Andrew II made him duke of Slavonia, with jurisdiction also in Croatia and Dalmatia, in 1226.
It stars Akkineni Nageswara Rao, Savitri in the lead roles and music composed by Master Venu.
The World Gone Mad( also released as The Public Be Hanged) is a 1933 American Pre- Code crime film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Pat O' Brien, Evelyn Brent and Neil Hamilton.
"Nightwatching" is the first feature in Greenaway's film series "Dutch Masters".
At its confluence with the Cracăul Alb in Magazia, the river Cracău is formed.
Alan Lomax, first to collect the song, in 1939, described it as a" blues" that was" a dirge for a dead comrade."
Both Muhammad Shah and his son, Alam Shah who succeeded him, were supplanted by the Lodi dynasty.
Following the Battle of Shiloh in 1862, he was promoted to major general, and in October he was assigned to the Army of Mississippi under Braxton Bragg.
The Museum of Libya is a museum located in Tripoli, Libya.
Since 1951 to 1960, he directed ten Singalese movies followed by directing 65 Malayalam movies from 1963 till 1984.
They had a daughter, Anne Touchet, who died young.
Jan Baptist van Deynum, or Duinen( 1620 – 1668), was a Flemish Baroque painter.
David Dastmalchian( born July 21, 1977) is an American actor.
Alam Shah  was the fourth and last ruler of the Sayyid dynasty which ruled the Delhi Sultanate.
The entire family was executed in the Russian Revolution, but this was not confirmed until their graves were discovered in 1991 and 2007.
Her father was Robert Fitzhamon, Lord of Gloucester and Glamorgan.
He was married to Astrid Henning-Jensen.
Irving Rapper (16 January 1898 - 20 December 1999) was an English-born American film director.
In 1963, his grandson Angus Ogilvy married Princess Alexandra of Kent, a granddaughter of King George V.
Joseph Hillström King (born June 4, 1972), better known by the pen name Joe Hill, is an American author and comic book writer.
The film starred Tita Merello, Irma Córdoba, Enrique Serrano and Fernando Ochoa.
Siemowit IV Młodszy"; ca. 1353/1356 – 21 January 1426)
He was the eldest son of John Egerton, 2nd Earl of Bridgewater and his wife Elizabeth Cavendish.
He left Czechoslovakia for the United States, and his films" One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"( 1975) and" Amadeus"( 1984) acquired particular renown and for both films he won the Academy Award for Best Director.
The bags can be filled from chilled product temperatures up to.
Ferrer repeated his role from the 1950 film" Cyrano de BergeracCyrano and d' Artagnan" had 651,213 admissions in France.
He also authored the first Homestead Act, which granted land to settlers willing to farm it.
Leofric is most remembered as the husband of Lady Godiva.
The 3rd Earl and his second wife Jane had nine children:
It was made on a budget of 2.5 crore, making it the costliest Malayalam film made until then.
He released the animated film" The Haunted World of El Superbeasto" that same year.
McBride made the film for$ 480,000 with an obscure cast including Steven Curry, Shelley Plimpton, Woodrow Chambliss and Gary Goodrow.
In 1859, he was elected to succeed Senator John J. Crittenden at the end of Crittenden's term in 1861.
Mujīr ad- Dīn ʿ Abd al- Dawla Abu Saʿīd Ābaq ibn Jamāl ad- Dīn Muhammad( died 1169) was the governor of Damascus from 1140 to 1154.
In 1947, he released "Move It on Over", which became a hit, and also joined the "Louisiana Hayride" radio program.
Tjuyu( sometimes transliterated as Thuya or Thuyu) was an Egyptian noblewoman and the mother of queen Tiye, and the wife of Yuya.
Let ’s Make Money is an Austrian documentary by Erwin Wagenhofer released in 2008.
Another of Iradier's compositions is" El Arreglito", a habanera used by Georges Bizet in his opera" Carmen".
" Do n't You Believe It" is a song written by Burt Bacharach and Bob Hillard and performed by Andy Williams.
While the boundaries of the Chianti and Tokaji wine regions were outlined in 1716 and 1737, respectively, neither of these regions were" technically" appellations in the sense of being subjected to continued government control and regulations.
It is an adaptation of Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel" The Idiot".
Land of Hunted Men is a 1943 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, one of the Range Busters films.
Ghanashyam Khatiwada is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Morang- 1, Province No. 1.
While at college he was named twice in the Atlantic 10's all- defensive team.
He was of a retiring disposition and he took little active part in running the country.
Initially an all-male institution, Marquette became the first coeducational Catholic university in the world in 1909 when it began admitting its first female students.
Amidst reports of tensions between himself and Thein Sein, he was removed from his post as head of the USDP in August 2015.
He is also known for" El garante".
In April 1640, Cranfield was elected Member of Parliament for Liverpool in the Short Parliament.
She was the wife of Joseph Anselm Feuerbach and the stepmother of painter Anselm Feuerbach, whom she supported in his art.
The film was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.
The $1,000,000 Reward is a 1920 American drama film serial directed by George Lessey and produced by Harry Grossman.
BASEketball is a 1998 American sports comedy film co-written and directed by David Zucker and starring" South Park" creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, along with Yasmine Bleeth, Jenny McCarthy, Robert Vaughn, Ernest Borgnine, and Dian Bachar.
His work spanned five decades, from the 1950s to the 1990s.
He continued to work as an actor and director until he received a job offer from the Pathé Frères studio in 1905.
Reyes is known for his fusion of many of the world's percussion techniques, including the ability to play a drum set with his hands in addition to the traditional use of drumsticks, whereby it is said that he can" sound like a drummer and a percussionist at the same time".
" Children Underground" follows the story of five street children, aged eight to sixteen who live in a subway station in Bucharest, Romania.
Though she was nominally in control of major territories, she ceded her power and titles to her husband and her son.
This film has won the best documentary award at the 44th Athens International Film and Video Festival in the United States.
It is a sequel in name only, as its plot bears no relation to the 1976 film.
She appeared in the Adam Sandler film" Just Go With It".
Den glade enke
He was the son of Charles I of Albret and Marie de Sully.
He composed the song" Where Did You Get That Hat?" and first performed it in 1888.
Hall has also made several notable appearances on British television.
Her writings, which helped support her family during times of financial difficulty, were memoirs of her husband's, and her own, time in the American West—back when the West was an exotic frontier.
The film was poorly received.
While Larson and John Gallagher, Jr. won their roles after auditioning through Skype, most of the children featured in the film were cast through open casting calls.
Beeper is a 2002 film directed by Jack Sholder.
As a result, Wei became a powerful country during the early Warring States Period.
to be US$30 billion in 2010, and he headed the magazine's list of the "world's richest royals" from 2008 to 2013 despite the fact the same magazine also estimated the worth of the British monarchy triple that of the Thai one.
On his death, his great estates were divided between his two surviving daughters:
Prince Wenzeslaus of Liechtenstein (born 12 May 1974) is a member of the princely family of Liechtenstein.
He is the heir apparent to the headship of the princely house.
Franz Peter Wirth( 22 September 1919 in Munich – 17 October 1999 in Berg, Upper Bavaria) was a German film director and screenwriter.
It was distributed in France by Wild Bunch and in the US by Kino Lorber, and won Best Picture at the 2014 National Society of Film Critics Awards.
Together with Mabel Anette Plahte( 1877 – 1973, a daughter of Frithjof M. Plahte) he had the son Hans Barthold Andresen Butenschøn Jr. and was through him the father- in- law of Ragnhild Butenschøn and grandfather of Peter Butenschøn.
Mount Stuart was the son of the John Stuart, 1st Marquess of Bute and the grandson of Prime Minister John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute.
Dexter Young (a.k.a. Yeung Tin-king, , born 25 March 1975) is a Hong Kong actor who joined TVB in 2007.
Sofia Bozán died of cancer only aged 53 in 1958.
Born in Vienna, he immigrated to Britain in 1933.
He was one of the founders of the American Society of Cinematographers.
Director Martin Scorsese commented; "If you were alive in the 50s and the 60s and of a certain age, a teenager on your way to becoming an adult, and you wanted to make movies
The Pledge of Allegiance to the Korean Flag is the pledge to the national flag of South Korea.
Ingeborg Akeleye( May 13, 1741 – June 2, 1800) was a Norwegian noblewoman and heiress.
With a final budget of$ 187.3 million, it was the most expensive film ever made up to that point.
Later, Pointer moved to Hollywood to act in films and on television.
You is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Zhang Hao and starring Tang Wei and Liao Fan.
Applicants were charged a fee of £ 50 to enter their work into the scheme and have it broadcast.
He served as Lord Lieutenant of Bedfordshire from 1905 to 1912.
She used Hinton's home video as the basis for her hour- long documentary.
It was produced by Harry Alan Towers for Hallam Productions.
He was the Chairman of William Cory& Son and was a County Alderman( CA) for Middlesex and High Sheriff of Middlesex in 1902.
Riley- Smith speculates that Barisan may have been the illegitimate brother or brother- in- law of Gilduin, but there is little evidence to support this.
Richard Calvert Stafford( 23 July 1893 – 1 December 1912) was an English rugby union player.
Robert William Nigel Hutchinson( 13 July 1941 – 23 March 2017) was an English- born New Zealand film producer and commercial director best known for co-producing the 1981 film," Goodbye Pork Pie", with Geoff Murphy.
The film was directed by Leonid Gaidai.
The Andy Warhol Museum in his native city of Pittsburgh, which holds an extensive permanent collection of art and archives, is the largest museum in the United States dedicated to a single artist.
His latest release Neighbours released in January, 2014.
Igor Vitalievich Jijikine( Russian: И́горь Вита́льевич Жижи́кин; born 8 October 1965) is a Russian- American actor working in Los Angeles and Moscow.
The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
He succeeded as count in 1189 when his father died on the Third Crusade, but was under the supervision of his mother and uncle Thierry, Lord of Mellier, because of his young age.
Minaj has broken other records including the most top 10 hits among women on the Billboard R&B Hip-Hop Airplay chart.
Sudeep first approached producer Shanker Gowda to produce an action film which he wanted to direct.
Welcome to Woop Woop is a 1997 Australian comedy film directed by Stephan Elliott and starring Johnathon Schaech and Rod Taylor.
So, jetzt bin ich gut aufgelegt, jetzt geh ich auf ein Viertel Wein.")
The Girl in the Taxi is a 1937 British musical comedy film directed by André Berthomieu and starring Frances Day, Henri Garat and Lawrence Grossmith.
Whilst her son, Louis Henri, Duke of Bourbon was Prime Minister of France, she tried to further her political influence but to little avail.
His mother was Gudrun Baroness von Uexküll (Gräfin von Schwerin).
It is the second installment in the" Diary of a Wimpy Kid" film series preceded by 2010's" Diary of a Wimpy Kid" and followed by 2012's.
Robert Capron, Rachael Harris, Steve Zahn, and Peyton List also have prominent roles.
To increase their children's chances of survival, Chan's birth parents gave away some of their youngest to other families.
May Green Hinckley( May 1, 1881 – May 2, 1943) was the third general president of the Primary of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter- day Saints( LDS Church) from 1940 until her death.
Commercially, it has reached the top ten in the United Kingdom and the United States, giving Carey her 25th top-ten single as a songwriter in the latter country.
Giuseppe Farinelli( 7 May 1769 – 12 December 1836) was an Italian composer active at the end of the 18th century and the beginning of the 19th century who excelled in writing opera buffas.
Benton served in the Senate from 1821 to 1851, becoming the first member of that body to serve five terms.
Trent Grubb( born 22 March 1989) is a rugby league footballer who played for Cronulla- Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League.
Tauheed railway station is a halt railway station on Katihar – Siliguri branch of Howrah- New Jalpaiguri line in the Katihar railway division of Northeast Frontier Railway Zone.
Through a fortunate second marriage with Thomas Aylesbury, she became the grandmother of Lady Anne Hyde, Duchess of York and great- grandmother of Queen Mary II and Queen Anne.
The next mention of Cenn Fáelad is in 663 when the "Annals of Tigernach" mention that he became king of Connacht in succession to Guaire Aidne mac Colmáin (died 663).
Among her last publications were the 1996 "Hun og han.
His nationality is Kazakh.
Co- star Evelyn Ankers had previously worked with Chaney in" Ghost of Frankenstein," when Chaney played the monster, and" The Wolf Man", when Chaney played the wolf man.
She is the eldest child of King Bhumibol Adulyadej and Queen Sirikit.
r. 19 July 1682 – 13 October 1706 of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
Filming took place during 2008 in New Mexico( Albuquerque, Española, Galisteo, Santa Fe), in Houston, Texas, and in Los Angeles, California.
The black- and- white film, which has a running time of 97 minutes, was directed by Tay Garnett, screenplay by Samson Raphaelson, based on a story Robert E. Sherwood, and photographed by James Wong Howe.
" Woop Woop" is an Australian colloquialism referring to a fictional location in the middle of nowhere.
Caroline Blakiston( born 13 February 1933) is an English actress.
The cover and interviews stars included the BBC Radio 1 Disc Jockeys' Dream Team', the RnB act' Artful Dodger' and acting legend Robert De Niro.
After participating in Jubal Early's campaigns in the Shenandoah Valley, Breckinridge was charged with defending supplies in Tennessee and Virginia.
Frank H. Johnson( December 13, 1867-?) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Carolina was the sixth child and youngest daughter of Polish nobleman Andrzej Przemysław Zamoyski, Count Zamoyski and his wife Princess Maria Carolina of Bourbon- Two Sicilies.
He is currently the Supreme Leader & Chairman of Union Betterment (UBP).
Jan Erlend Kruse( born 31 August 1968) is a Norwegian former footballer.
Baldwin V then rebelled, carrying the war to Trier and Nijmegen.
From 1735 to 1736, he was Imperial Envoy to Berlin and he was Ambassador to Paris between 1738 and 1741.
He committed suicide on June 9, 68 AD, when he learned that he had been tried "in absentia" and condemned to death as a public enemy, making him the first Roman Emperor to commit suicide.
A new series of civil wars broke out and the constitutional government of the Republic was never fully restored.
Lucas was not entirely pleased with the final result of the character in the film and felt it was a compromise.
He was also Chairman and Director of Messrs.
In the Romantic period, she became a figure of Breton patriotism and she was honoured with many memorials and statues.
She was the first great- great- grandchild of Queen Victoria, and the eldest sister of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Dodo was originally from Konz, above Trier at the confluence of the Moselle and Sauer rivers.
LeRoy D. Brown was the first president of University of Nevada.
Leigh Jason( July 26, 1904 – February 19, 1979) was an American film director and screenwriter.
Walking a Tightrope is a 1991 French drama film written and directed by Nikos Papatakis.
It was their second and final album for Geffen Records.
He is the older brother of Spider One, lead vocalist for American Industrial metal band Powerman 5000.
La Carapate is a 1978 French comedy film directed by Gérard Oury.
He succeeded his father Xiong Yi, who was enfeoffed by King Cheng of Zhou and granted the hereditary noble rank of viscount.
The film was distributed internationally by Columbia TriStar Film Distributors International.
Theobald I( or)( c. 1191 – 17 February 1220) was the duke of Lorraine from 1213 to his death.
Caroline Dollar( born December 28, 1983) is an American actress.
He was at a private school at Easton, near Stamford, and was admitted at St John's College, Cambridge, on 15 October 1776.
He made his solemn entry into Bordeaux on 5 May 1771.
Her betrothal to the Duke of Burgundy in June 1696 was part of the Treaty of Turin, signed on 29 August 1696.
The Legion of Merit of Chile was abolished in 1825.
The film was released by Columbia Pictures on April 1, 1957.
Nicholas Colasanto, Theresa Saldana, and Frank Vincent all play supporting roles in the film.
Until 1477, she led an inconspicuous life, in the shadow of her brother Adolf, at war with his father, and her sisters Mary, married to King James II of Scotland and Margaret, married to Frederick I, Count Palatine of Simmern .<br>
Björk is reported to have sold between 20 and 40 million records worldwide .
Sancha of León( 8 November 1067) was a Queen of León.
Serena Alleyne Armstrong- Jones, Countess of Snowdon(" née" Stanhope; born 1 March 1970) is an Anglo- Irish aristocrat and the daughter- in- law of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, and a niece- by- marriage of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
Bill Power( born 30 October 1937) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League( VFL).
He is best known for directing the Brazilian critical and financial successes" Elite Squad" and and the 2014 remake of" RoboCop".
Alfred Hitchcock is credited as a title designer.
Starter for 10 is a 2006 British comedy- drama film directed by Tom Vaughan from a screenplay by David Nicholls, adapted from his own novel" Starter for Ten".
Villame was a native of Calape, Bohol and was the father of singer Hannah Villame.
She later hosted a syndicated TV series called" Main Floor"( 1995 – 2005), a show about fashion and beauty.
DeStorm Power( born January 30, 1982) is an American actor, comedian, and Internet personality.
He quarreled greatly with his father and imprisoned him from 1349-1351.
Goold was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Dublin.
In 1828 he spoke in the House of Commons on the subject of Roman Catholic emancipation.
Paper Mâché Dream Balloon is the seventh studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard.
With that film company, released in February 1935, "Noches de Buenos Aires", written and directed by Romero, his cinema career began.
Teams from the same country or from the same first round group could not be drawn together.
Bara  is a 1982 Kannada film directed and produced by M. S. Sathyu.
His father is President of the LGT Group in Liechtenstein which is privately owned by the Prince of Liechtenstein Foundation.
As Governor of New York from 1959 to 1973, Rockefeller's achievements included the expansion of the State University of New York, efforts to protect the environment, the construction of the Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller Empire State Plaza in Albany, increased facilities and personnel for medical care, and the creation of the New York State Council on the Arts.
Norman H. Sleep( born 14 February 1945) is an American geophysicist and professor of geophysics at Stanford University.
His experiences with the documentary film production and the production of trick photographs let to the development of his style.
Carlos Francisco Borcosque Sánchez (9 September 1894 in Valparaíso, Chile – 5 September 1965 in Buenos Aires) was a Chilean film director and screenwriter involved in the production of the Cinema of Argentina.
Ana de Mendonça's father was a knight of Saint James named Nuno Furtado de Mendonça,( Bartolomeu Perestrelo's brother- in- law) married to Leonor da Silva.
Although not personally interested in literary pursuits, al-Mu'tasim also nurtured the scientific renaissance begun under al-Ma'mun.
Janusz
Keeper of the Bees is a 1947 American drama film directed by John Sturges.
In 1099 or earlier, she married Ramiro Sánchez, and was mother of King García Ramírez of Navarre and Elvira Ramírez, who married before 1137 Rodrigo Gómez.
She was called the" woman with the silver voice."
He used the pseudonyms of Roy Claire, Roy S. Luby, J. Roy Luby, Roy Luby, Sol Luby, and Russell Roy.
It also features Lakshmi Gopalaswamy, Swetha Menon, Padmapriya Janakiraman, Jagathy Sreekumar, and Siddique in significant roles.
Laodice was a Queen of an unknown Kingdom in Asia.
They did not want to elect al- Mu'ayyad or any of the brothers; so they elected al- Musta'in, another grandson of al- Mu'tasim.
Robbie Dale( real name Robbie Robinson)' The Admiral' was born in Littleborough, Lancashire, England on 21 April 1940.
Creditors is a British drama film written and directed by Ben Cura, based on the play of the same title by August Strindberg and starring Christian McKay, Andrea Deck, Ben Cura, Tom Bateman and Simon Callow.
It has since been retrospectively described as" The epitome of so- bad- it's- good cinema" and has gained a cult following.
The film was a United Kingdom production by London-based company Tough Dance, founded by Ben Cura and Andrea Deck.
The film also won 6 Goya Awards including Best Film, Best Director( Almodóvar), Best Actress( Roth).
Alexander McAllister( born 19 December 1920) is a Scottish former cricketer, who played one first- class match for the Scotland cricket team in 1950.
The Enemy Within( also known as" Elite Squad 2") is a 2010 Brazilian crime film directed, produced and co-written by José Padilha, starring Wagner Moura.
Code of the Secret Service is a 1939 film directed by Noel M. Smith and starring Ronald Reagan.
Albert S. Rogell( August 21, 1901 Oklahoma City, Oklahoma- April 7, 1988 Los Angeles, California) was an American film director.
He is still active in the Hong Kong TV industry.
From that moment on he is regarded as a superhero, and must later thwart the plans of the evil Dr. Arya, who has a connection to Krishna's father, Rohit, the protagonist of the previous film.
Like his father, al- Mu'tadid's power depended on his close relations with the army.
Mary, Countess Cowper (née Clavering) (1685 – February 5, 1724) was an English courtier and diarist, and the wife of William Cowper, 1st Earl Cowper.
For a film about logging, he made a rig and pole system that allowed him to drop a film camera in a manner that simulated the falling of a tree.
It is based on Friedrich Dürrenmatt's 1958 novella.
Hassan Zee is a Pakistani- American film director who was born in Chakwal, Pakistan.
In July 941 Ramiro associated the counts of the Banu Ansúrez and Gómez families as well as Fernán González and Sancho Garcés II of Pamplona with him in a peace treaty signed with the Caliphate of Córdoba.
He later studied for a year at Harvard University.
Grenfell- Baines left a secure, but limiting, job in the Lancashire County Architect's Office to work for the prestigious private firm of Bradshaw Gass& Hope in Bolton in 1930.
My Dear Brother is a 1973 Turkish drama film directed by Ertem Eğilmez.
The film won the Golden Bear at the 2008 Berlin Film Festival.
The serial is especially praised for the stunt work of Talmadge.
Jacques Doillon( born 15 March 1944) is a French film director.
He is the founder of the Frank Sinatra School of the Arts in Astoria, Queens, New York.
"Goodbye Pork Pie Hat" is a jazz standard composed by Charles Mingus, originally recorded by his sextet in 1959 as listed below, and released on his album "
It is the only film to be written and directed by the Chiodo Brothers.
He is best known for having been the singer of Trust.
Mr. Right is a 2009 British film directed by David Morris and Jacqui Morris.
Louis Crato, Count of Nassau-Saarbrücken (28 March 1663, Saarbrücken – 14 February 1713 in Saarbrücken) was the son of Count Gustav Adolph of Nassau-Saarbrücken and Clara Eleanor, Countess of Hohenlohe-Neuenstein.
Fear of Clowns is a 2004 horror film written and directed by Kevin Kangas.
A sufferer of this type of aura may experience tearfulness of the eyes and uncontrollable sensations of light followed by reduced symptoms after approximately 20 minutes; it is the rarest type of aura.
He was made a knight of the Order of the Black Eagle.
The last mention of Cenn Fáelad in the annals is in 682 when he was killed by Ulcha Dearg ua Caillidhe of the Conmhaícne Cúile, a subject tribe of the Seóla region.
The title track" Dig Me Out" peaked at number six on the KEXP Top 90.3 Album Chart in 1997 without being released as a single.
Born in Saskatoon in 1923.
His second feature" Goodbye Pork Pie"( 1981) was the first New Zealand film to win major commercial success on its own soil.
She has scored additional top-ten entries as a featured artists on a slew of hits.
She was one of four children( out of the 138 children on board) who survived the sinking.
Mokpo Catholic University is a Catholic university located in Mokpo, South Korea.
He worked for several studios and production companies including Gaumont British, Gainsborough Pictures, London Films and MGM-British Studios.
The Merry Widow is a 2007 French comedy film directed by Isabelle Mergault and starring Michèle Laroque and Jacques Gamblin.
He was survived by his wife of 42 years, Sue, and two children.
As she was the eldest daughter of four, and her younger sisters had become nuns, Mabel inherited all of his honours and properties upon his death in 1107.
By 17, while a student at Beverly Hills High School, Strock was director of gossip columnist Jimmy Fidler's Hollywood segments for Fox Movietone News.
As a screenwriter, his credits include" Night of the Living Dead The Majorettes Midnight", and" Santa Claws".
When his son died in prison, the war recommenced.
He competed in the men's slalom at the 1952 Winter Olympics.
The law requires the pledge to be recited while standing with the right hand with palm open raised shoulder high.
He was born in Brooklyn, New York and raised in Newark, New Jersey.
Michael Curtiz (born Manó Kaminer(1886-1905)
His most famous roles are the Toad,# 5 in Chang Cheh's" The Five Deadly Venoms" and Golden Arm Kid in" Kid with the Golden Arm".
"Billboard" also recognizes Streisand as the greatest female of all time on its "Billboard" 200 chart and one of the greatest artists of all time on its Hot 100 chart.
They released two full- length albums," Way of All Things"( 1996) and" Welcome"( 1999) before disbanding in 2000.
It was not part of the" Confessions" series of films from Columbia Pictures that began in 1974 with" Confessions of a Window Cleaner", but it was hoped that it would benefit commercially from the similarity of title.
He is older brother to the Hammarby IF and former Swedish national team player Alexander Kačaniklić.
Henry and Mechtild had one daughter:
When Beall created his list, he was employed at the University of Colorado Denver.
The Pledge of Allegiance of the United States has been criticized on several grounds.
The film is produced by the Indian music company, T- Series and Inderjit Films Combine.
William G. Brown is a Canadian mathematician specializing in graph theory.
Williams was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame (1961), the Songwriters Hall of Fame (1970), and the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (1987).
He was succeeded by Wilhelm Greiffenhagen.
Kid: Rodrick Rules is a 2011 American live- action/ animated comedy film based on Jeff Kinney's with a couple of elements from.
The Mariner's Church( or Mariners' Church or Mariners Church) may refer to the following congregations or buildings:
James Tuchet, 5th Earl of Castlehaven( died 12 August 1700) was the son of Mervyn Tuchet, 4th Earl of Castlehaven and Mary Talbot.
In his book," The Story of the Regiment", he told the story of the 11th Pennsylvania Infantry Regiment.
Minaj was the first female artist included on MTV's annual Hottest MC List.
Michael Mavroudis was a martyr from Granitsa, who died in 1544.
The film was a hit.
Percy was diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome.
He was considered one of the leading Tunisian reformers of his era; among his many disciples were Béchir Sfar, Abdelaziz Thâalbi, Ali Bach Hamba, Mohamed Nakhli, Mahmoud Messadi, Mohamed Snoussi and Mohamed Tahar Ben Achour.
Feild played Fred Garland in Philip Pullman's" The Ruby in the Smoke" and" The Shadow in the North" television adaptations.
Dodo had taken the cross and joined in the First Crusade and was lucky enough to return unscathed along with his wife, a countess of Chiny.
He is older brother of Gorjan Markovski who is also basketball player and plays for Feni Industries
W.K. McNeil( August 13, 1940 in Canton, North Carolina – April 19, 2005 in Mountain View, Arkansas) was a prominent American folklorist, historian, record producer, and author specializing in Ozark and Appalachian mountain cultures.
The film is about a rule- breaking vice cop who becomes involved in the investigation of mysterious drug-related murders on the streets of Houston, Texas.
He allied himself with Rupert, King of Germany, supporting his coronation in Aachen and remained closely connected with the House of Orléans.
Adele performed the song on several award and television shows including the 2011 Brit Awards, 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, "Jimmy Kimmel
McCrindle revived the title of the original Paris" Transatlantic Review" founded by Ford Madox Ford in 1924.
Theeram Thedunna Thira  is a 1983 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by A. Vincent and produced by Boban Kunchacko.
Priyadarshan was one of the first directors in India to introduce rich color grading, clear sound and quality dubbing through his early Malayalam films.
A highly educated and strictly religious woman, she seemed an unlikely match for the amoral and agnostic poet, and their marriage soon ended in acrimony.
The count of Blois was angered by Hugh's refusal to appoint him to Hugh's old office, Duke of the Franks.
Considered to be among the most accomplished and influential filmmakers of all time, Bergman's films include "Smiles of a Summer Night" (1955),
On Velvet is a 1938 British musical comedy film directed by Widgey R. Newman and starring Wally Patch, Joe Hayman and Vi Kaley.
Fields was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) for Services to Entertainment in 1938, and in 1979, seven months before her death, she was invested as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II.
The Pulitzer Prize jury in 2010 awarded him a posthumous special citation "for his craftsmanship as a songwriter who expressed universal feelings with poignant simplicity and played a pivotal role in transforming country music into a major musical and cultural force in American life."
Sarah Monique Broom( born December 31, 1979) is an American writer.
He was born in Glasgow, Scotland and died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles.
Muller has appeared as a correspondent on the Netflix web series" Bill Nye Saves the World" since 2017.
Jan Baptist van der Hulst( 2 March 1790 in Leuven- 16 May 1862 in Brussels) was a Flemish painter and lithographer.
Waldrada was the mistress, and later the wife, of Lothair II of Lotharingia.
He died in April 1956 in Orange, California in the USA.
She was also cited as the "Mother of the Philippine National Red Cross" for her service to her fellow Katipuneros.
Richard Cory Kostelanetz( born May 14, 1940) is an American artist, author, and critic.
Robert Kyncl is an American business executive.
James Willcock, known for his esoteric sets, is the art director.
He wrote and composed one of the most streamed Hindi songs on YouTube, "Sanam Re."
Thyra was the younger sister of Frederik VIII of Denmark, Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom, George I of Greece, Empress Maria Feodorovna of Russia and an elder sister of Prince Valdemar of Denmark.
The series won four Prix Gémeaux in 1990, for Best Miniseries, Best Direction in a Drama Series (Fournier),
Maurice Elvey( 11 November 1887 – 28 August 1967) was the most prolific film director in British history.
She is best known for her appearances in Spaghetti Westerns, namely Sergio Sollima's" Face to Face" and" Run, Man, Run", and Gianfranco Parolini's" Sabata".
From 1995 to 2000 he taught at Donauuniversität in Krems.
Hugh was summoned as Lord Despencer Dec. 14, 1264 and was Chief Justiciar of England and a leader of the baronial party, and so might be deemed a baron, though the legality of that assembly is doubtful.
He moved many peasants and livestock to Karystos, the Euboean stronghold of his brother Nicholas, in an attempt to protect them from Turkish assaults, but he was content enough himself to remain in Bodonitsa and even bid for Tenos and Mykonos, two islands which Venice was auctioning off in 1406.
Directed by Harry L. Franklin, the film stars Hale Hamilton, Louise Lovely, and Philo McCullough.
" As a child, I observed them and saw in these people faith and irrationality," said Petrović" I Even Met Happy Gypsies" won the FIPRESCI Prize and the Grand Prize of the Jury at the Cannes Film Festival; it also received a nomination for a Golden Globe.
The most influential and politically capable of the rebels, he led the Dutch to several successes in the fight against the Spanish.
A celebrity of television and stage in Spain and South America, Tamariz has authored six books translated into English:" The Five Points in Magic The Magic WaySonataMnemonicaVerbal Magic", and" The Magic Rainbow".
She is styled in English as "Princess Ubol Ratana", without the style "Her Royal Highness".
It is the central school in the district.
The Gut( also:" Condratău") is a left tributary of the river Crișul Alb in Romania.
Forman was an important figure in the Czechoslovak New Wave.
Marie Louise is notable for having served as regent for two periods in Dutch history: during the reigns of her young son, William IV, Prince of Orange from 1711 and 1730, and of her young grandson, William V, Prince of Orange, from 1759 to 1765.
She was also seen in the plays "Ek Shoonya Teen" and "Don't Worry Be Happy."
He was buried in St Mary's Church, Cheadle.
Since her departure from Elektra, Tamia has released most of her projects independently on her own label Plus One Music Group, through ventures with Def Jam, eOne Music and others.
According to" Romance Reviews Today The Naked Marquis" is “ … charming … funny … full of delightful characters …
The Open Mobile Terminal Platform( OMTP) was a forum created by mobile network operators to discuss standards with manufacturers of mobile phones and other mobile devices.
Frank Johnson( born 1 November 1936) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League( VFL).
He supported a number of other institutions in the Boston area, including the Museum of Fine Arts, Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary, Groton School, Metropolitan Park Commission, and MIT.
Francisco" Paco" Ibáñez( born 20 November 1934 in Valencia) is a Spanish singer and musician.
In both battles, as at Mollwitz, he was wounded.
Part of" City Confidential's" success was the wide variety of American cities the show covered.
Count Simon VII of Lippe( 30 December 1587 at Brake Castle near Lemgo – 26 March 1627 in Detmold) was a ruler of the Reformed county of Lippe- Detmold.
During those years, he was a member of the Norwegian resistance movement ´s leadership and viewed as the successor of Paal Berg should Berg die.
It is the northernmost university in the contiguous United States and was founded as the state-funded New Whatcom Normal School in 1893, succeeding a private school of teaching for women.
Briana Marela is an American musician from Seattle, Washington, United States
But a portion, including rights to access the ore, remained with Peter Jr.'s heirs, who added to it to become major Pennsylvania producers of iron in the mid-19th century, operating out of Mount Hope Estate.
The Blue Express or China Express is a 1929 Soviet silent drama film directed by Ilya Trauberg.
In writing his account of this Emperor's reign, Bruce claims that at the time of his writing no "Royal Chronicle" of his reign existed, because it "would have been a very dangerous book to have been kept in Bacuffa's time; and, accordingly, no person chose ever to run that risk; and the king's particular behaviour afterwards had still the further effect, that nobody would supply this deficiency after his death, a general belief prevailing in Abyssinia that he is alive to this day, and will appear again in all his terrors.
Prince Frederick died 1865 at Bayreuth.
Veerendra  was a Punjabi film actor, director, producer and writer who made 25 films in his 12-year career.
Many of Wang's works are known for their sensitive portrayal of teens and youths, most notable in films such as "Beijing BicycleSo Close to ParadiseDrifters", and "Shanghai Dreams".
He became heir to the Earldom of Hereford after the death of his childless uncle Humphrey de Bohun, 6th Earl of Hereford.
The Hidden One is a 1956 Mexican drama film directed by Roberto Gavaldón.
Like many of Romero's earlier films, he cites the reason as undercapitalization.
" Ant- Man and the Wasp" had its world premiere in Hollywood on June 25, 2018 and was released on July 6, 2018, in the United States in IMAX and 3D.
His first directing project was" Man Hunt" in 1936.
Warhol has been the subject of numerous retrospective exhibitions, books, and feature and documentary films.
Nur ad- Din was fully in control of the city and all of Syria.
The railway station was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
She represented Cyprus in Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song Fuego and she ended 2nd.
is a 1983 drama film directed by Yeo Kozoloa.
He was the fourth signatory of the Dogme95 movement.
Hugh Douglas, Earl of Ormonde( died 1455) was a Scottish Soldier and nobleman, a member of the powerful Black Douglases.
Thomas Johnson (21 December 1819 – 3 November 1894) was a politician in the British colony of South Australia.
Her grandson Prince Andrew Andreevich has been a head of the Romanov Family since December 2016.
There Was an Old Couple is a 1965 Soviet drama film directed by Grigori Chukhrai.
In 2005 he published the pamphlet "The Smoking Issue" and in 2007 the essay "Smoke, Lies and the Nanny State".
Their descendants would form the Saxe- Coburg and Gotha branch of the Imperial House of Brazil.
I Joseph, Prince of Liechtenstein (1760-1836) and wife Landgravine Josepha of Fürstenberg-Weitra, nephew of Aloys I, brother of Aloys II and uncle of Johann II and Franz I.
Even though" The Sailor Song" did not succeed as well as their earlier singles" Tarzan& Jane" and" Best Friend," it was still a widely popular and fan favorite song.
McDull: Rise of the Rice Cooker (麥兜·飯寶奇兵) is a 2016 Chinese-Hong Kong animated comedy film directed by Brian Tse and featuring the Hong Kong character McDull.
He retired from film in 1996 and died three years later of a heart attack in Brazil.
His feast day is January 27.
Maria Palaiologina Kantakouzene  was a Byzantine princess, niece of emperor Michael VIII Palaiologos, and empress consort of Constantine Tikh of Bulgaria and Ivaylo of Bulgaria.
She is now the Chief Instigator( and Founder) of Parlay House, a 1000+ member organization in San Francisco that champions and inspires women to connect and make meaningful change for themselves and for others.
His nationality is not known.
Open Mobile's business model is based on the advance payment and unlimited local call services.
David Ian "Joe" Jackson (born 11 August 1954) is an English musician and singer-songwriter.
Charlotte Sometimes is a 2002 film written, directed, and produced by Eric Byler.
It stars Thilakan, Madhurima, Baby Jomol, Baby Renju and Master Tarun in lead roles, and Murali, Sreenivasan, Innocent, Urvashi, K.P.A.C. Lalitha, Jayaram and Philomina in major supporting roles.
He was the grandfather of Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon.
Augustus Edwin John (4 January 1878 – 31 October 1961) was a Welsh painter, draughtsman, and etcher.
The attempt failed.
It was dubbed and released in Hindi as" Man Ka Aangan".
A second remake of the 1933 film of the same title, the film stars Naomi Watts, Jack Black, Adrien Brody, and, through motion capture, Andy Serkis as the title character.
The Adventures of Nellie Bly is a 1981 American made- for- television drama film starring Linda Purl as 19th century journalist Nellie Bly and human rights crusader.
Joseph Wenzel I( Josef Wenzel Lorenz; 9 August 1696 – 10 February 1772) was the Prince of Liechtenstein between 1712 and 1718, 1732 and 1745, and 1748 and 1772.
It was entered into the 1988 Cannes Film Festival.
A charter dated 1 August 937 refers to" Assuri dominans Menduniae"( Ansur ruling" Mendunia", a corruption of Monzón), but there appears to be an error in the dating clause; the correct date is probably 1 March 947.
Princess Maria Luisa of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (full Italian name: "Maria Luisa Immacolata di Borbone,
La Cueva de Roa is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.
Admiral Sir Reginald Neville Custance,( 20 September 1847 – 30 August 1935) was a Royal Navy officer.
He was an observer during the First Battle of Savo Island.
O.S.Io.Hieros. or Francisco de Ilhaen was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Seville( 1530 –?).
She was a daughter of John V of Nassau-Dillenburg and his wife Elisabeth of Hesse-Marburg.
Elmer Washburn was the 3rd Director of the United States Secret Service.
Her work was pioneering for, and central to, the development of the widely influential French New Wave film movement of the 1950s and 1960s.
"Kříž u potoka" (adapted into a film of the same name in 1921).
His first British productions were two films with Peter Sellers, "Lolita" (1962) and "Dr. Strangelove" (1964).
But a relief army of Hugh Capet's forced Otto and Charles to lift the siege on 30 November.
The song was nominated as one the most popular songs on March, 2006.
Following her film debut in" Starter for 10"( 2006), Hall got her breakthrough role that same year in Christopher Nolan's thriller film" The Prestige".
It was not until after the fall of the Despensers that John was permitted to succeed to his inherited position as Earl of Hereford and Essex, hereditary Constable of England, and Lord of Brecknock.
The film was released on June 30, 1918, by Paramount Pictures.
She said she saw' nothing wrong with God being a part of the pledge as we are a Christian and God fearing society'.
The king lists such as that in the "Book of Leinster" also place his reign after Guaire.
In 1153 Mujir ad- Din joined Nur ad- Din in the capture of the crusader castle at Baniyas.
Prince Moritz Franz Friedrich Constantin Alexander Heinrich August Carl Albrecht of Saxe- Altenburg( 24 October 1829 in Eisenberg – 13 May 1907 in Arco, Italy), was a member of the ducal house of Saxe- Altenburg.
She was the daughter of Henry VII, Holy Roman Emperor and Margaret of Brabant.
What is Right?,
He was the founder of London Films and, post-war, the owner of British Lion Films, a film distribution company.
Upon arriving in North Bay, Nelson took over management of the Capital Theatre, one of two movie theatres in North Bay at the time.
Efren Ongpin
His cinematography credits include serving as director of photography of Donald Brittain's 1964 film "Fields of Sacrifice".
Despite having a degree in economics, the prospect of making an academic career in this field became unsettling for Holter.
He was unmarried and was succeeded in his titles by his younger and only surviving brother Lord Francis Egerton.
It was Meyer's first color film following a string of black and white" roughie nudies", including" Faster, Pussycat!
He obtained his PhD in 1992.
He set about rebuilding the war-ravaged country, brought back refugees and recruited settlers for agriculture and skilled workers for the glass industry in Klarenthal.
In the early 1970s he frequently cast actors David Chiang and Ti Lung in his films.
Michael Wilkinson is a costume designer known for his work with Zack Snyder and the DCEU.
It was the sixth of the studio's" Rough Riders" film series.
He has recorded 19 studio albums and received 5 Grammy Award nominations.
The club's colors were red and white.
" The Falcon," four films based on the Nancy Drew series, and" Calling Philo Vance" in 1940.
When President Andrew Johnson extended amnesty to all former Confederates in 1868, Breckinridge returned to Kentucky, but resisted all encouragement to resume his political career.
The book won the Herbert Warren Wind Book Award as the best golf book of 2007, was one of the five books that" Sports Illustrated" selected as the" Books of the Year" in 2007, and was# 32 of" the 50 best sports books ever written" selected by" The Telegraph".
The Love & War MasterPeace is the third studio album by American recording artist Raheem DeVaughn, released on March 2, 2010 through Jive Records.
In 1937, he became Lord Lieutenant of Angus and was appointed Lord Chamberlain to Queen Elizabeth in 1937.
One of his brother was the actor-sculptor Paul Capellani.
They had one son and two daughters:
Lord Lloyd died in November 1985, aged 73.
The Pledge is a 2001 American neo- noir mystery drama film directed by Sean Penn.
She was a daughter of Duke Louis of Württemberg and Princess Henrietta of Nassau-Weilburg.
The school art presentations started at the gates of the school and proceeded for.
The band released two more albums in 2019," Fishing for Fishies" and" Infest the Rats' Nest".
Directed by Wallace Fox, the screenplay was written by Dorothy Yost, Thomas Lennon, and Cortland Fitzsimmons, based on a story by Damon Runyon, which had been further expanded by J. Robert Bren and Norman Houston.
Pierre resides in Wheatley Heights.
Humko Deewana
Secret Strings is a lost 1918 American silent crime drama film produced and distributed by Metro Pictures.
He was also a fiction writer, publisher, illustrator, calligrapher, music composer, graphic designer and film critic.
As a corresponding member of the" Société linnéenne de Paris", the world's first" Linnaean society", he was made director of the natural history museum of Dax, which was founded on the collections of Jacques- François de Borda d' Oro( 1718 –1804).
Princess Margarita of Greece and Denmark( 18 April 1905 – 24 April 1981) was the eldest child and daughter of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg.
He won the Turner Prize in 1996, the Premio 2000 at the 47th Venice Biennale in 1997 and the Hugo Boss Prize in 1998.
1734- Paris, 7 July 1821), was a French noblewoman and courtier.
He is 1.90 m( 6 ft 3 in) in height and plays at the point guard position.
A film of the same title was released in 1953, starring Doris Day.
In 2011, Papaconstantinou adopted the production pseudonym Alex P and started collaborating with record producer RedOne, joined RedOne's production and 2101 songs writing team.
Juan de Aragón was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Zaragoza( 1458 – 1475).
To suppress" banditism", he did n't hesitate to clash with the local authority, the Principality of Catalonia, and to restrict the Catalan constitution.
Antiochus X then went to the city of Aradus where he declared himself king.
She and Andronikos II were distant cousins, both being descendants of Andronikos Doukas Angelos (ca. 1122-1185).
The Girl from Scotland Yard is a 1937 American detective film starring Karen Morley.
In December 2011 Kudo reset her own 24- hour world record by running 255.303 km at the Soochow International 24 hour race in Taiwan.
Lothair and Capet, the tables turned once more, chased the German king and his liege back to Aachen and retook Laon.
Brancaleone retired to his estates at Monteleone.
In a series of campaigns he recovered the provinces of Jazira, Thughur, and Jibal, and effected a rapprochement with the Saffarids in the east and the Tulunids in the west that secured their—albeit largely nominal—recognition of caliphal suzerainty.
Recording sessions for the album took place during 2008 to 2009 and production was handled primarily by Kenny "Dope" Gonzalez.
With the fall of Communism, many children from the orphanages moved into the streets while others were runaways from impoverished families.
Anna of Russia moved him to Saint Petersburg, where he was promoted to General-Lieutenant and commander of the Saint Petersburg garrison.
He became a Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1987.
These are the children of Boris and Maria:
A mummy( Lon Chaney Jr.) who is stolen from an Egyptian sarcophagus is revived to life, and becomes a werewolf when moonlight hits him.
It was released on August 7, 2009, as the lead single from Kesha's debut studio album," Animal".
A follow- up to" Facing Sudan" was completed in July, 2008.
Elisabeth of the Palatinate( 26 December 1618 – 11 February 1680), also known as Elisabeth of Bohemia, Princess Elisabeth of the Palatinate, or Princess- Abbess of Herford Abbey, was the eldest daughter of Frederick V, Elector Palatine( who was briefly King of Bohemia), and Elizabeth Stuart.
She is best known for her recordings of" The Man in the Raincoat" and" Heartbeat".
John Sim (4 December 1922 – 14 January 2000), known as Jock, Jackie, or Johnny Sim, was a Scottish professional footballer who played as a centre forward or left half in the Football League for Brighton & Hove Albion.
The French newspaper" Le Monde" called" Réjeanne Padovani" one of the best films screened at the festival.
The seemingly good Samaritan's intentions become questionable when the duo run into a traveling conman( David Thewlis) and both abruptly vanish.
Giorgio Prodi( August 12, 1928, Scandiano, Italy – December 4, 1987) was an Italian medical scientist, oncologist and semiotician.
Michael Small (May 30, 1939 – November 24, 2003) was an American film score composer best known for his scores to the thriller movies "The Parallax ViewMarathon Man", and "The Star Chamber".
Hugh had Louis placed in the custody of Bishop Adalbero of Laon.
In 1940, Mr. Cloche founded a film society for young talent.
His 2008 film "
I Acciaioli of Athens, he was included to secure his southern border and relieve him of worry there.
Under their charter, Pombal invested an immense amount of control in the Douro Wine Company to regulate all exports of Port, set production quantities limits, fix maximum and minimum prices for grapes and to serve as sole arbitrator in any disputes between vine growers and Port shippers.
An abridged version of his manuscript translation of a devotional work by the French mystic Constantine Barbanson( 1581 –1632) was published in 1928 as" The Secret Paths of Divine Love".
The current remnant is just a branding with regular rolling stock.
I and Empress Sabla Wangel.
Drogo was the ancestor of the later counts of Dammartin, his great- grandson Jean, Châtelain de Trie, marrying Alix de Dammartin, daughter of Alberic III, Count of Dammartin.
Between 1627 and 1632, he was Viceroy of Sicily, where he had 2 bronze statues erected of Kings Charles I and Philip IV.
Aminatou Ali Ahmed Haidar( born 24 July 1966), sometimes known as" Aminetou"," Aminatu" or" Aminetu", is a Sahrawi human rights activist and an advocate of the independence of Western Sahara.
Work that has appeared in the "Bellingham Review" has been reprinted in "The Pushcart Prize Anthology" and "The Best American Poetry".
Her husband was Ranulf de Gernon, 4th Earl of Chester (died 16 December 1153).
Stephanie Beatriz Bischoff Alvizuri( born 10 February 1981) is an Argentine- American actress.
Lundell was known as a heavy drinker in the 1980s, but pulled out of overdrinking after serious bouts with alcoholism in 1985–87; he gave a vivid report of this time, his recovery and his struggle with the rocker myth in the autobiographical novel "
Gruno von Hessen-Homburg (15 January 1705 – 23 October 1745) was hereditary prince of Hesse-Homburg and an Imperial Russian field marshal.
He was Minister of Youth Affairs and Sport(" Ministre de la Jeunesse et des Sports") in the Government of France between 8 January 1966 and 30 May 1968.
The use of the capitalised term" Territory" suggests the word is part of the territory's name when it's not.
He played college football for the Miami RedHawks.
Carlos de Jesús Alejandro( born 4 November 1965) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRD.
A separate German- language version was also made.
, also known as, was the wife of Emperor Meiji of Japan.
She was a daughter of Frederick Charles of Stolberg- Gedern and his wife, Countess Louise Henriette of Nassau- Saarbrücken.
She wrote many stories that were printed in popular magazines of the time as well as several books of historical value.
Shake, Rattle & Roll 4 is a Filipino horror movie released in 1992 and the fourth installment of the "Shake, Rattle & Roll" by Regal Films.
I Learned It from Father  is a 1964 German comedy film directed by Axel von Ambesser and starring Willy Fritsch, Thomas Fritsch and Gertraud Jesserer.
He was an innovative composer of instrumental music as well as songs, and was the composer of the earliest surviving music for the guitar.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Javier Torres Torija.
Franklin High School is a public high school located in Franklin, Massachusetts.
Henry J." Red" Krause, Jr.( August 28, 1913 – February 20, 1987) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League for the Brooklyn Dodgers and the Washington Redskins.
Many of his films are also known for their depiction of violence and liberal use of profanity.
It is the main public school of the town of Bagabag established in the 1930s.
The second time, he ruled as the guardian of Josef Johann Adam between 1732 – 1745 and the third time as representative of the House of Liechtenstein from 1748 – 1772.
Often, the crime and persons involved highlighted a unique feature of that community.
His father died from Typhoid on the 3 September 1879; Edwin was born later that year on 15 December.
He traveled with the king to France in 1415 and 1417.
As of 2013, David Yow is no longer in the band.
She is best known as the Japanese voice of Lisa Simpson.
Scorsese has also been noted for his successful collaborations with actor Leonardo DiCaprio, having directed him in five films, beginning with" Gangs of New York"( 2002) and most recently" The Wolf of Wall Street"( 2013).
He was the brother of Sven Körling, son of August Körling and father of American photographer Torkel Korling.
Drew Esocoff( born c. 1957) is an American television sports director, who as of 2006 has been the director of NBC Sunday Night Football.
Die Besucher sollten nach der Filmvorführung sagen:
The film was shot entirely in Aritao, Nueva Vizcaya.
Jesse Tawhiao- Wardlaw( born 13 January 2000) is an Australian rules footballer playing for Brisbane in the AFL Women's competition( AFLW).
In 2006 Stöhr was a Villa Aurora grant recipient and lived for six months in Los Angeles, California.
A number of those employed on the film were exiles from Nazi Germany.
He was also adapted as a character in" The Illuminatus! Trilogy".
Liberace has a small role.
"Öppna landskap" (Open landscapes) from 1982, one of his most famous songs, has been playfully proposed as Sweden's new national anthem.
He was the son of Nuno de Mendonça, 1st Count of Vale de Reis and was one of the main exponents in the fight against the excesses practiced by the Portuguese Inquisition.
( 1883 – 12 February 1967) was the wife of British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain.
The Heimrad-Bäcker-Preis is named after him.
He was educated at Harrow School, and at University College, Oxford.
Ray Dennis Steckler( January 25, 1938 – January 7, 2009), also known by the pseudonym Cash Flagg, was an American film director, producer, screenwriter and actor best known as the low- budget auteur of such cult films as" The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed- Up Zombies".
"Project Moonbase" is unusual for its time in both attempting to portray space travel in a "realistic" manner and for depicting a future in which women hold positions of authority and responsibility equal to men; as an example, the President of the United States is a woman.
He was nominated in 1956 for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film along with Walter Koppel for their film "The Captain of Kopenick".
It was released on DVD from Something Weird Video and in the Anchor Bay Entertainment DVD release of" Season of the Witch".
George II, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont( 20 September 178915 May 1845) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1813 to 1845.
Dee McLachlan is a film director, producer and writer from Middle Park, Victoria.
Prince August Leopold of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha( December 6, 1867 – October 11, 1922), known in Brazil as Dom Augusto Leopoldo, was a prince of the Empire of Brazil and of the House of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha- Koháry.
The film was released on May 4, 2001.
Bahawalnagar Junction railway station is located in Pakistan.
During geological periods when this hydrological link was n't present, the Black Sea was an endorheic basin, operating independently of the global ocean system( similar to the Caspian Sea nowadays).
Sir John Grey died 27 August 1439.
He was quickly liberated.
Isobel Jane Miller Percy, Duchess of Northumberland( née Richard; born 11 May 1958), is a British businesswoman.
26/11- L is a village in Chichawatni, Pakistan.
David Yow (born August 2, 1960) is an American musician and actor born in Las Vegas, Nevada and best known as the vocalist for the noise rock bands Scratch Acid and The Jesus Lizard.
One of the best- known" émigrés" from Germany's school of Expressionism, he was dubbed the" Master of Darkness" by the British Film Institute.
" The Return of the Vampire" is not an official sequel to Lugosi's 1931 Universal Studios film" Dracula", but the film has been interpreted by many critics and Dracula scholars as an unofficial follow- up with Lugosi's character renamed only because the film was not made by Universal.
In 2014, Assemblyman Robert Sweeney decided to retire, leaving the district open for the first time in twenty six years.
Also, Stanley Kwan stated that he was talking with Lee's family to make a movie about the late action movie icon.
His last film, "Eyes Wide Shut", was completed shortly before his death in 1999 at the age of 70.
Guest stars include Richie Rich, Keak da Sneak, and several others.
It also won for Best Jazz Instrumental Album – Individual or Group and for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical.
Kristine Bjørdal Leine( born 6 August 1996) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a Centre Back for Reading in the English FA WSL and the Norway national team.
The station is also known as the Wagga Wagga Railway Station and yard group.
In 1926, Buzzell married actress Ona Munson, who later played Belle Watling in "Gone with the Wind".
Ackbar was voiced by Erik Bauersfeld, who made up the voice on the spot after looking at a photograph of Ackbar.
Michael Aaron" Mike" Ballard( born February 6, 1984) is a former professional baseball pitcher.
In 1975, he was inducted into the Hall of Great Westerners of the National Cowboy & Western Heritage Museum.
Major-General Chaim Herzog (17 September 1918 – 17 April 1997) was an Israeli politician, general, lawyer and author who served as the sixth President of Israel between 1983 and 1993.
It is now considered a lost film.
His 1973 film "Los siete locos" won the Silver Bear at the 23rd Berlin International Film Festival.
Only Alghero and Longosardo remained in Aragonese hands by then.
Upon his arrival he was asked to go through some captured German documents, some of which seemed to describe a weapon.
It features 12 tracks including three top hits:" Let U GoHold You" and" You're Not Alone".
Bert Grund( 1920–1992) was a German composer of film scores.
Originally pitched as a female version of" Teen Wolf"( 1985) and later reworked into a film of its own, the film features numerous impromptu rap musical numbers and has since become a cult classic, aided by midnight theater showings, regular airings on cable network channels, and on ABC Family's" 13 Nights of Halloween".
Based on the 1949 short story" La maîtresse de piano The Piano Teacher") by Roger Peyrefitte and set in Venice under fascism, its themes include illicit sex, betrayal, revenge, blackmail, perjury, police corruption and murder.
Thomas Eustace Vesey, 7th Viscount de Vesci of Abbeyleix was born on 8 October 1955.
His wife and the mother of his daughters was Joan Fitzalan, daughter of Richard Fitzalan, 10th Earl of Arundel and Eleanor of Lancaster, whom he married after 9 September 1359.
He was a certified flight instructor and is an Instrument Rated Pilot for single engine aircraft.
John Ince directed.
A remake of the 1967 film of the same name, it has a humorous plot revolving around bride kidnapping, an old tradition that used to exist in certain regions of the Northern Caucasus.
The character of Jane does not appear in this motion picture.
He sought to eliminate the remnants of feudalism persisting in parts of France and, by compelling many members of the nobility to inhabit his lavish Palace of Versailles, succeeded in pacifying the aristocracy, many members of which had participated in the Fronde rebellion during Louis' minority.
The Chisindia is a left tributary of the river Crișul Alb in Romania.
Silas Hardy( 30 April 1867 – 27 June 1905) was an English cricketer.
" Mind Twister" debuted theatrically for distributors at the 1993 American Film Market.
The son of Princess Margaret and Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon, he is therefore a nephew of Queen Elizabeth II, and a grandson of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth
Distributed by Paramount Pictures, the film marked the debut of the long- running and popular Road to ... series of pictures spotlighting the trio, seven in all.
His net worth is estimated to be more than$ 3 billion.
He was the Count of Vendôme.
By her marriage to Prince Thomas, Duke of Genoa, she became referred to as the Duchess of Genoa.
It is based on the 1903 novel of the same title by John Fox Jr., which had previously been filmed in 1920, directed by Wallace Worseley and starring Jack Pickford, and again in 1928, directed by Alfred Santell and starring Richard Barthelmess.
The film was released on 6 April 2017 by GSP Studios International.
It is commonly referred to as "On Moonlight Bay".
He was confirmed in possession of the county of Dreux in 1441 by King Charles VII.
A Woman in the Night( French: Une femme dans la nuit) is a 1943 French drama film directed by Edmond T. Gréville and starring Viviane Romance, Georges Flamant and Claude Dauphin.
These trains had custom railcars, built by TÜVASAŞ, all painted blue with a blue painted DE 24000 series locomotive pulling the train.
He was married to Helen Erskine.
He took part as a prosecutor in the legal purge in Norway after World War II, and he wrote two books about his wartime experiences.
Nye began his career as a mechanical engineer for Boeing Corporation in Seattle, where he invented a hydraulic resonance suppressor tube used on 747 airplanes.
Colin T. Trevorrow( born September 13, 1976) is an American film director and screenwriter.
Meek Mill often collaborates with fellow MMG label-mates; he is also known for his appearances on MMG's "Self Made" compilation series, with his first two singles, "Tupac Back" and "Ima Boss", being included on volume one.
The highway connects Mobile, the largest city in South Alabama, with Pascagoula, Mississippi, to the west and Pensacola, Florida, to the east.
What is Funny?,
Guy and Helvide had seven children:
His nickname" the Rich" refers to him having many children.
He is well known for using amateur actors (such as Sam Lee in "Made in Hong Kong", Wong Yau-Nam in "Hollywood Hong Kong") in his films.
While a straightforward sexploitation film, the film owes some debt to the French New Wave and cinéma vérité traditions, and is known to some under the titles Mondo Girls and Mondo Top.
Alois, Hereditary Prince of Liechtenstein, Count Rietberg (born 11 June 1968, full name:
Tarzan's Revenge is a 1938 American adventure film starring Glenn Morris in his only outing as Tarzan.
Saathi:
Song o' My Heart is a 1930 Pre-Code American film directed by Frank Borzage and starring John McCormack, Alice Joyce, Maureen O'Sullivan, Effie Ellsler and John Garrick.
Jack a Cooper was a male athlete who competed for England.
" The Man with the Bag" may refer to:
He was the eldest son of Bolesław III the Generous, Duke of Legnica- Brieg by his first wife, Margaret of Bohemia.
His full title was 2nd Duke of Berwick, 2nd Earl of Tinmouth, 2nd Baron Bosworth, 2nd Duke of Liria and Xerica, Grandee of Spain 1st class( from 1716), Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece( from 29 September 1714), as well as the holder of several earldoms.
King Xiang of Wei  (died 296 BC), personal name Wei Si , was king of Wei from 318 BC to 296 BC.
Unhappy with the centralisation of political power away from the local estates and with the Spanish persecution of Dutch Protestants, William joined the Dutch uprising and turned against his former masters.
Diana Guardato was a member of the aristocratic Patrician Guardato family, and had three children with King Ferdinand I: Diana Guardato is the 16th- Great Grandmother of His Royal Highness Albert II of Belgium, 15th- Great Grandmother of His Majesty Juan Carlos
(her uncle was the infamous film director Veit Harlan), and was the wife of filmmaker Stanley Kubrick from 1958 until his death in 1999.
In 1955, he abdicated in favor of his father Suramarit, who then reigned for five years.
Hedwig Sophia of Brandenburg( 14 July 1623, Berlin- 26 June 1683, Schmalkalden) was Landgravine consort of Hesse- Kassel by marriage to William VI, Landgrave of Hesse- Kassel, and regent from 1663 until 1677 during the minority of her sons, William VII, Landgrave of Hesse- Kassel and Charles I, Landgrave of Hesse- Kassel.
Dajan Hashemi( born 21 November 2000) is a Danish footballer who plays for Linköping in the Damallsvenskan and the Danish women's national youth teams.
Godard became interested in making a 3 D film in 2010 and asked Aragno to make some camera tests.
The music on the record was influenced by traditional rock and roll bands, while the lyrics deal with issues of heartbreak and survival.
One of his brothers was Pierre Chouteau, Jr. (who founded Fort Pierre in South Dakota).
Molina or La Molina may refer to:
Song of the Phoenix is a 2013 Chinese art house drama film directed by Wu Tianming.
Prince Kyril of Bulgaria, Prince of Preslav (Kyril Heinrich Franz Ludwig Anton Karl Philipp; 17 November 1895 – 1 February 1945) was the second son of Ferdinand I of Bulgaria and his first wife Marie Louise of Bourbon-Parma.
Lin Ming-cheng( born on 3 January 1943, Itabashi Town, Kaizan District, Taihoku Prefecture, Japanese Taiwan( modern- day Banqiao District)) is a Taiwanese banker who is a member of the seventh generation of Lin family from Banciao, one of the richest families of Taiwan.
John of Scotland( or John de Scotia), 9th Earl of Huntingdon and 7th Earl of Chester( c. 12076 June 1237), sometimes known as" the Scot", was an Anglo- Scottish magnate, the son of David of Scotland, Earl of Huntingdon by his wife Matilda of Chester, daughter of Hugh de Kevelioc.
The film's title is derived from the 1990 Public Enemy album" Fear of a Black Planet".
The history of his legacy has polarized opinion, as he is known for his colossal building projects throughout Judea, including his renovation of the Second Temple in Jerusalem and the expansion of the Temple Mount towards its north, the construction of the port at Caesarea Maritima, the fortress at Masada, and Herodium.
On December 25, 1362, she married William II, Duke of Jülich( † 1393).
It was the second Indian film with sound.
Thani bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani( 1856- 1943) was the sheikh of Al Gharafa.
Starring Suresh Gopi, Priya Raman, Sharada, Lalu Alex and Ratheesh.
Albert Frederick Strueve( June 26, 1860 – January 28, 1929) was a 19th- century professional baseball player.
An iconic description and picture of the death of Henry de Bohun is contained in" Scotland's Story" by H. E. Marshall.
He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director for" My Life as a Dog( Mitt liv som hund)"( 1985) and later for" The Cider House Rules"( 1999).
She came to prominence in the 1980s as Michelle Thomas, law partner, on five seasons of" Matlock".
John Arthur Coolidge (September 7, 1906 – May 31, 2000) was an American executive, businessman, and entrepreneur with the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad, and the first son of President Calvin Coolidge and Grace Coolidge.
Ouro- Nimini Tchagnirou( born 31 December 1977) is a Togolese football goalkeeper.
Secret of the Tomb is a 2014 American comedy adventure film directed by Shawn Levy and written by David Guion and Michael Handelman.
Judi Love( born 4 June 1980) is an English stand- up comedian and radio presenter.
Radhikabai Gupte( 4 July 1745 – 29 November 1798) was the bright and beautiful daughter of Sardar Gupte of Nashik, Maharashtra, India, a Tipnis( secretary) of Baji Rao I and later Raghunathrao.
Flavius Hypatius( c. 340- died after AD 383) was a Roman Senator, who was the brother- in- law of the Roman emperor Constantius II.
Aung Thet Mann's father is Shwe Mann, a former military general and Speaker of the Pyithu Hluttaw.
In May 2014, Bhumibol's wealth was once again listed as US$30 billion.
Freda( Alexandria, Egypt, 24 February 1909 – Rome, Italy, 20 December 1999) was an Italian film director.
It sold over half a million copies in the U.S. and hit No. 16 on" Billboard" s chart of" Most Played by Jockeys".
Charles Stuart, 6th Earl of Moray( bef. 1683 – 7 October 1735) was the son of Alexander Stuart, 5th Earl of Moray and his wife, Emilia Balfour.
One of his most famous films is" It Rains in My Village".
The arrangement lasted until Nettleship's death in 1907, when McNeill became the principal female figure in the John household.
The funny and talented young people take viewers with them as they travel across the city of Bulawayo and into remote villages, to rural bottle shops and urban marketplaces, inside the huts of traditional healers and the neighborhoods of the urban poor – into an Africa rarely seen by outsiders, a place where tradition is not necessarily gentle, where it threatens to trap the unfortunate, and where a few fight back.
This marriage later led to the formal union between France and Brittany.
Aytākh or Ītākh al- Khazarī was a leading commander in the Turkic army of the Abbasid caliph al- Mu'tasim( r. 833-842 C.E.).
She has also won five BRIT Awards and has been nominated for 15 Grammy Awards.
Kiril Makedonski( 19 January 1925 – 2 June 1984) was a Macedonian composer.
His son, Maha Vajiralongkorn, succeeded him as King.
He is best known for his work with Jim Johnston of WWE Music Group on Ezekiel Jackson's professional wrestling theme song," Domination".
He fought in Aragon and Portugal.
In 1957, he formed his first band, the Quarrymen, which evolved into the Beatles in 1960.
( Boy was described in the film as being away at school, and the character never returned to the series.)
Heroes of the West is a 1963 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Steno.
Not to be confused with the Filipino literary classic by Genoveva Edroza- Matute, De Guzman's film is actually a morality tale about Mabuti, a faith healer who maintains a positive outlook in life despite her poverty.
Charles would construct the first permanent fortification in the city, doing so on that same island.
The eldest being married in Bethlehem, had for daughter Salome the midwife; Sobe the second likewise married in Bethlehem, and was the mother of Elizabeth; last of all the third married in Galilee, and brought forth Mary the mother of Christ.
They were divorced in 1994.
Kevin Bilal Duckett( born January 9, 1989) is an American soccer player.
He is the son of Tato Bores.
Primarily known for starring in" Shaw Brothers" kung fu movies during the latter part of the 1970s and into the 1980s.
Membership of the Legion conferred a variety of privileges in Chile and its members were entitled to wear insignia according to the class conferred.
Dax S. Griffin( born March 22, 1972) is an American actor.
Henry died in 1056 and his successor, Henry IV, was only six years old.
He encounters poachers and government corruption blocking his quest for wildlife preservation.
The Fortunate Fool is a 1933 British comedy film directed by Norman Walker and starring Hugh Wakefield, Joan Wyndham and Jack Raine.
It stars Christian Bale and Amy Adams as two con artists who are forced by an FBI agent( Bradley Cooper) to set up an elaborate sting operation on corrupt politicians, including the mayor of Camden, New Jersey( Jeremy Renner).
The song consists of gibberish nonsense-lyrics that sound somewhat like Chinese.
Upon the death of Archie Scott in November 2019, McAllister became the oldest living person to have played cricket for Scotland.
Day recorded the song on her 1962 album" You'll Never Walk Alone".
The concept of patroonships may have been Kiliaen van Rensselaer's; he
was likely the leading proponent of the Charter of Freedoms and Exemptions, the document that established the patroon system.
Married at the age of eleven, she became known as "Madame la Duchesse", a style which she kept as a widow.
The film draws from Edmond Rostand's play" Cyrano de Bergerac" and Alexandre Dumas' d'Artagnan Romances.
He is known mostly for playing House music.
Bradford Louryk is an American theater artist and actor.
He was a son of Duke Hendrik of Guelders and Agnes of Arnstein.
The song went platinum in 1990.
He was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction for the film" Return of the Jedi".
It was based on a play which was later turned into a 1953 Mexican film of the same title.
He died in 1638 and his title passed to his son, James.
~ Bradley Torreano, Allmusic
The Adventures of Captain Hansen is a 1917 German silent film directed by Harry Piel.
During its lifetime, the OMTP included manufacturers such as Huawei, LG Electronics, Motorola, Nokia, Samsung and Sony Ericsson.
Their popularity waned towards the end of the 1980s, as Ramsay started diverting his creative energy and focus on television programming which was in demand because of the multiple private channels such as Zee TV, Star Plus etc. that were launched in the early nineties in India.
He is sometimes numbered Frederick V by continuity with the Dukes of Lorraine.
Bernhard III, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg (died 20 August 1348) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg.
He was an employee of Bain& Company between 1999 and 2001, and for BC Partners between 2001 and 2003.
This film is based on the short story" The Man in the Case" written by Anton Chekhov in 1898.
He was 82 years old and had Parkinson's disease.>
Francesca Sterlacci is an American fashion designer, author and entrepreneur.
He first wrote and produced a short film exploring this and later adapted it into a feature- length screenplay.
There's Always Vanilla( also known as" The Affair") is a 1971 romantic comedy film directed by George A. Romero and starring Raymond Laine, Judith Ridley, Roger McGovern, and Johanna Lawrence.
On October 2015, the Roman Catholic Diocese of Legnica opened up his cause for beatification, obtaining him the title of Servant of God.
Sheikh Khalifa bin Jassim bin Muhammed bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani( born 1959) is the chairman since 2014 of the Federation of the GCC Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
His father was Sancho Garcés, an illegitimate son of king García Sánchez III of Navarre.
Some recently constructed genealogies purport that she was first married, some time after 1347, to Maurice FitzGerald, 4th Earl of Kildare( d. 25 August 1390) and by him had at least four children.
Today there are 20,000 children living in the streets while the resources for sheltering these homeless youths are severely limited.
A Girl with Guitar is 1958 Soviet musical comedy film directed by Alexander Feinzimmer.
Principessa di Borbone delle
This, along with the" intellectual and linguistic complexity" of his work, has led to comparison to Charles Ludlam and Charles Busch, though Louryk has historically received consistent praise for his portrayals of male characters, as well.
He is the founder of Internet service provider EarthLink, co-founder of eCompanies, and the founder of Boingo.
Thibaud may instead have been his grandfather.
A Kind of America is a Hungarian comedy film from 2002.
Fulco was the first known missionary Bishop of Estonia.
Alois Philipp Maria), is the eldest son of Hans-Adam II, Prince of Liechtenstein, and Countess Marie Aglaë Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau.
Alan David Reeves is a British film composer, music producer, and Hammond B3 virtuoso.
He was both Seneschal of Gascony and Lieutenant of Aquitaine in 1312, the year of his death.
Many of the UPraw writers were also Lincoln based and included James Copper who had co-edited a local student magazine with Nimalan Nades previously.
William Thomas Smith( born 9 April 1897, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer.
She was the mother of both King Christian X of Denmark and King Haakon VII of Norway.
After him Torf- Einar, a son of Ragnvald, took the earldom, and was long earl, and was a man of great power".
In addition, factionalism within the bureaucracy, that had become apparent during the later years of al- Mu'tadid's reign, would debilitate the Abbasid government for decades to come, eventually leading to the subjugation of the Caliphate by a series of military strongmen, culminating in the conquest of Baghdad by the Buyids in 946.
Alex Love( born June 2, 1989) is an American boxer in the flyweight class.
After the death of Louis's cousin, King Louis V, in 987 the nobility elected Hugh Capet king.
Nonetheless, Chamberlain is still unfavourably ranked amongst British Prime Ministers.
It was shot at the Schönbrunn Studios in Vienna and on location in the city.
Mohammed Rafi was the playback singer of this song.
These were donated to the monks of St. Hubert- en- Ardenne, named in honor of Hubert, Bishop of Liege, patron of archers, dogs, mathematicians and metal workers.
He has directed 18 feature films, including his directing debut, the crime drama "Blue Collar" (co-written with his brother, Leonard Schrader), the crime drama "Hardcore" (a loosely autobiographical film also written by Schrader), his 1982 remake of the horror classic "Cat People", the crime drama "American Gigolo" (1980), the biographical drama  (1985), the true life biopic "Patty Hearst" (1988), the cult film "Light Sleeper" (1992), the drama "Affliction" (1997), the biographical film "Auto Focus" (2002), the erotic dramatic thriller "The Canyons" (2013), and the dramatic thriller "First Reformed" (2017), which earned him his first Academy Award nomination.
A Day or A- Day may refer to:
His son Khelil Bouhageb was grand vizier of Tunis for a time; another son, Hassine Bouhageb, was a doctor.
S. Roy Luby born Solomon Roy Luby on 8 August 1904, New York City died 19 August 1976 in Los Angeles was an American animator, editor, and film director.
In 2011, she was featured in the musical" Catch Me If You Can" on Broadway.
While the siege was ongoing, Gallienus was stabbed to death by the officer Cecropius as part of a conspiracy.
Charles Herbert Twissell( born 16 December 1932) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger.
His lands in Cumnock, Ayrshire were given to Roger, son of Finlay, in a charter from Robert de Brus, where it mentions a brother and a son.
On 11–12 May 2013, Kudo won the IAU female 24- hour Road World Championship, setting a new world record of 24 hour Road.
It was directed by Lewis D. Collins and Ray Taylor.
Casimir I of Cieszyn( 1280/90 –), was Duke of Cieszyn from 1315, Duke of Siewierz from 1337 and Duke of Bytom from 1357.
After making brief appearances in the films" Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi" and" Pizza"( 2012), he portrayed a kidnapper in Nalan Kumarasamy's" Soodhu Kavvum" and a comic villain in Alphonse Putharen's" Neram".
Her work is collected in many major museums including the Smithsonian American Art Museum, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, and the Oakland Museum of California.
Ahmed Imamović( born 1971) is a Bosnian film director, film producer and screenwriter.
He was married twice.
William VII of Hesse- Kassel( 21 June 1651 – 21 November 1670) was Landgrave of Hesse- Kassel.
French filmmaker François Truffaut once called Herzog" the most important film director alive."
He created a production company and made his first feature film in 1937.
Frederick of Cieszyn( b. 1480/83- d. June 1507), was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast in the Cieszyn branch.
James Williamson( born 27 March 1989) is a New Zealand professional road cyclist.
Luc Besson( born 18 March 1959) is a French film director, screenwriter, and producer.
In the course of his career he has received 35 international awards, including a Goldene Schallplatte.
Albert Frederick Reay( 15 September 1901 – 1962) was an English professional football left back who played in the Football League for Gillingham and Norwich City.
He is the 55th best-selling music artist in the United States, with over 32 million album sales.
In 1996, he was nominated for a Grammy Award for writing Michael Jackson's song "
On July 1, 2015, the Trojans officially announced they would no longer be branded as Arkansas – Little Rock or" UALR," but will be the Little Rock Trojans effective immediately.
She dominated Nero's early life and decisions until he cast her off, and five years into his reign, he had her killed.
Jane Randolph( née Roemer; October 30, 1914 – May 4, 2009), was an American film actress.
He was also a civic activist and philanthropist, and was a founder of Albany's public library and the city's Institute of History& Arts.
Chah Ali( also Romanized as Chāh ‘ Alī) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District, Poshtkuh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.
He previously played for the Lehigh Valley Phantoms of the American Hockey League( AHL).
He frequently worked with actors such as Hugo Haas, Jan Werich, and Vlasta Burian.
A boot is a type of footwear.
Like the novel, the film takes place partially in Nazi-occupied Slovenia during World War II, and partially in Spain, where the main character, a former partisan, meets his former German adversary in a summer resort.
It was released in 1957 and shown at the 7th Berlin International Film Festival in competition for the Golden Bear.
Upon Edward's death, his brother Rainald regained the Duchy of Guelders but Rainald died shortly afterwards, on 4 December 1371.
He competed in the men's discus throw at the 1956 Summer Olympics.
Mary Martin is later seen rehearsing the song for director Joshua Logan.
Desert Fury is a 1947 American crime film noir directed by Lewis Allen starring Lizabeth Scott, John Hodiak and Burt Lancaster, with Mary Astor and Wendell Corey.
The film was released on December 20, 1949, by Columbia Pictures.
The film stars Valerie French, Raymond Burr, William Prince, Lance Fuller, Susan Cummings and Pat Hogan.
He was the son of Antiochus IX and perhaps his Egyptian wife Cleopatra IV.
The legion symbol is unknown.
He ruled from 1768 until the French Revolution.
Geoffrey Peter Murphy( 12 October 1938 – 3 December 2018) was a New Zealand filmmaker, producer, director, and screenwriter best known for his work during the renaissance of New Zealand cinema that began in the last half of the 1970s.
The Queen Mother.
Along with his advisor Moses H. W. Chan, he saw the first phenomena which were interpreted as supersolid behavior.
Younger brother and successor of Frederick, he was a minor upon his succession and was under the tutelage of his mother Eleanor.
Its lead single, "Going Bad"
Set during the Christmas season, the film was not well received on its initial release.
The university also administers classes in suburbs around the Milwaukee area and in Washington, DC.
John Cabell Breckinridge (January 16, 1821 – May 17, 1875) was an American lawyer, politician, and soldier.
She was also Duchess of Mantua by marriage to Federico II, Duke of Mantua.
Saparmurat Atayevich Niyazov (Cyrillic: Сапармырат Атаевич Ныязов; 19 February 1940 – 21 December 2006; also known as Türkmenbaşy (Head of the Turkmen) or Beýik Türkmenbaşy (Great Head of the Turkmen) was a Turkmen politician who served as the leader of Turkmenistan from 1985 until his death in 2006.
Love is the title of both a 2010 short film and a 2012 feature- length film.
Pesci was an unknown actor prior to the film, as was Moriarty, who was suggested for her role by Pesci.
In company with his childhood friend Jean- Marie Léon Dufour( 1780 – 1865) and Dufour's friend Jean- Baptiste Bory de Saint- Vincent( 1778 – 1846) he expressed his enthusiasm for botany specializing in the study of cryptogams, the ferns and other plants that reproduce through spores.
He also directed 76 films between 1913 and 1922.
He married Sophie( d. 1207), whose family is unknown.
Zhao Shoushan( 12 November 1894 – 20 June 1965) was a KMT general and later Chinese Communist Party politician.
Almost all the movies which he directed during his career depict the Indian family relationships with respect to issues and romance between naughty husbands and wives, Indian marriages, sons- in- law, mothers- in- law and daughters- in- law, etc.
Born in Detmold Palace, Frederick Adolphus was the eldest of sixteen children of Simon Henry, Count of Lippe-Detmold and Baroness Amalia of Dohna-Vianen, Burgravine of Utrecht and heiress of Vianen and Ameide.
In 1456 René entrusted the government of the Duchy of Bar to Frederick, and in 1459 granted him the honorary title of Lieutenant-General of Sicily.
Critic Leonard Maltin called him" the greatest American director who is not a household name."
By marriage, she became Grand Duchess of Oldenburg.
Later, he served in the imperial army, possibly until 1659.
He succeeded his father in the barony in 1941 and took his seat on the Conservative benches in the House of Lords.
Martoglio’s films are among a small core of films that constitute the realismo movement, which later inspired neorealism.
Gilbert Askey( March 9, 1925 – April 9, 2014) was an American jazz trumpeter, composer, producer and musical director who was born in Austin, Texas, and emigrated to Australia in 1988.
Crazy Heart: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is a 2010 film soundtrack album to accompany the film" Crazy Heart" directed by Scott Cooper starring Jeff Bridges and Maggie Gyllenhaal.
When Hitler continued his aggression, Chamberlain pledged Britain to defend Poland's independence if the latter were attacked, an alliance that brought his country into war when Germany and the Soviet Union invaded Poland in 1939.
Arborea was governed in the meantime by Eleanor.
The House of the Ogre( Spanish: La casa del ogro) is a 1939 Mexican film.
The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee, Rachana Banerjee, Tapas Paul, Deepankar De, Dulal Lahiri, Anamika Saha in the lead roles.
It first reached the Billboard magazine charts on November 17, 1956 and lasted 4 weeks on the chart.
De Margheriti is also the Executive Chairman of the Academy of Interactive Entertainment, the Chairman of Canberra Technology Park, the founder of the Game Developers' Association of Australia, the founder of the Australian Game Developers Conference, and the founder of the three Canberra business parks, the co-founder of DEMS Entertainment, the co-founder of Dreamgate Studios, the co-founder of Game Plus and co-founder of The Film Distillery De Margheriti has been recognised as an Honorary Ambassador for Canberra due to his contribution to Australia's national capital.
This film" survives incomplete".
Karl was the eldest son of Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and Princess Louise Caroline of Hesse-Kassel and an elder brother of Christian IX of Denmark.
He made his directorial debut in 1943.
From 1958, he taught general pathology and experimental oncology.
Rachel Helene Kasper deBenedet( born c. 1967) is an American actress and singer best known for her roles in musical theatre.
He established the Inter Mountain, a daily Republican newspaper, in 1881 and served as alderman the same year.
Charles A. Cummings, or Charles A. Comings, was a Michigan politician.
John I (Jean) (d. 1278 or 1279), Count of Looz and Count of Chiny, eldest son of Arnold IV, Count of Looz and Chiny, and Jeanne, Countess of Chiny.
Suber is known as a leading voice in the open access movement, and as the creator of the game" Nomic".
His position in the band was filled by drummer Mick Fleetwood, who later formed Fleetwood Mac.
Both films were directed and written by Travis Mathews.
In 2013, she was a judge on the twelfth season of "American Idol".
John P. McCarthy( March 17, 1884 – September 4, 1962), also known as J.P. McCarthy or simply as John McCarthy, was an American director and screenwriter of the 1920s through 1945.
Alexander Rudolf Karl Freiherr von Uexküll  was a Baltic German politician who was the mayor of Reval (now) from April 1878 to June 1883.
Hanna Beata Gronkiewicz- Waltz( born 4 November 1952) is a Polish politician and lawyer, Professor of Jurisprudence and politician who served as the Mayor of Warsaw between 2006 and 2018.
He started India's first horror TV series for Zee TV- Zee Horror Show.
Hugh Evelyn Wortham( 7 May 1884- 9 July 1959), best known as H. E. Wortham was an English biographer, journalist, music critic and writer.
It was entered into the 1956 Cannes Film Festival.
He was the son of Christian Louis, Count of Waldeck and Countess Anna Elisabeth of Rappoltstein.
He represented India Under-15 Team in the year 1999-00 in Asia Cup.
Edward led the Bronkhorster (civil) faction
Molong railway station is a heritage- listed former railway station and now library on the Main Western railway line at Molong, Cabonne Shire, New South Wales, Australia.
Sudeep went on to script and direct the film.
The Duchy of Guelders descended to Reinald's great-nephew, Arnold of Egmond, although the House of Jülich fought unsuccessfully against the House of Egmond for this title.
A follow up to both films," The Best Years of a Life", again starring Trintignant and Aimee, was released in 2019.
In accordance with the Sixth Victory Loan drive promotions, any company within Canada that subscribed 15% of payroll finances to bond purchases were awarded the Victory Loan V-Flag in recognition.
In 1966, he performed" Monte Carlo" and" Härliga söndag" ending on third and 8th place.
Haidar has won several international human rights awards for her work, including the 2008 Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award and the 2009 Civil Courage Prize.
After the death of Godfrey I, count of Hainault and vice- duke of Lower Lorraine, the Emperor Otto I gave Richar half of the county of Hainault( Mons) with the title of count of Hainault.
It was first released in 1984 on the VHS, Laserdisc, and CED Videodisc format by Vestron home video.
Charles Gottlieb Raue or Charles Gottlieb Raue or Charles Godlove Raue( 11 May 1820 – 6 August 1896) was a United States homeopathic physician.
He grew up in the Bahamas, moving to New York when he was 16.
, was the ninth monarch of Thailand from the Chakri dynasty, titled Rama IX.
His family was known as the Banu Ansur(" Banu Anshur") or Ansúrez( Assuriz).
William of Tyre describes Ismat as having" courage beyond that of most women" in this matter.
Chester Castle Bolton( September 5, 1882 – October 29, 1939) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio, husband of Frances P. Bolton and father of Oliver P. Bolton.
Princess Marie Adelheid Amalie "Clotilde" of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, full German name: "Marie Adelheid Amalie Clotilde, Prinzessin von Sachsen-Coburg und Gotha, Herzogin zu Sachsen" (
During Hunter's career he directed a total of 34 films between 1912 and 1934.
Sancha of Castile (–1179) was daughter of Alfonso VII of León and Castile and his first wife Berengaria of Barcelona.
He was born in Weston-super-Mare, Somerset and died in Chobham, Surrey.
He was born in Marienburg, German Empire( now, Malbork, Poland), grew up in Machias, Maine, and died in Hollywood, California of a heart attack.
Richard Cory- Wright was educated at Eton College.
My Little Eye is a 2002 British horror film directed by Marc Evans about five adults who agree to spend six months together in an isolated mansion while being filmed at all times.
He was a production executive at Columbia Pictures at Sony Pictures Entertainment, where he worked for nine years on films including" Bottle Rocket"( 1996)," The People vs. Larry Flynt"( 1996)," Gattaca"( 1997)," Girl, Interrupted"( 1999), and" Charlie's Angels"( 2000).
In 1974, Presley released the song as part of a double A- sided single with" If You Talk in Your Sleep.
In 1977 he married Christiane Wartenberg, née Stoll.
Lukas Kruse( born 9 July 1983) is a German football goalkeeper.
Truffaut later credited Rivette with developing the movement.
His work often explores themes of alienation and isolation, featuring characters whose interactions are mediated through technology, bureaucracy, or other power structures.
and released as a single in 1981.
His debut was "Så møtes vi imorgen" (1946), and he broke through with the comedy "
Prince Nikita Alexandrovich of Russia (13 January 1900 – 12 September 1974) was the third son and fourth child of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia.
" Mind Twister" is one of the final acting roles for Telly Savalas before his death the same year.
The Murder in the Museum is a 1934 American film directed by Melville Shyer.
Among other awards and nominations, she received an honorary Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival, a Golden Lion at the Venice Film Festival, an Academy Honorary Award, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
She was Duchess of Bourbon and Princess of Condé by marriage.
He matriculated at St John's College, Oxford, on 3 July 1640 aged 16.
The film is set in Genova.
The university was named after 17th-century missionary and explorer Father Jacques Marquette, SJ, with the intention to provide an affordable Catholic education to the area's emerging German immigrant population.
A sequel is in development.
Archduke Otto Franz Joseph Karl Ludwig Maria of Austria (21 April 1865 – 1 November 1906) was the second son of Archduke Karl Ludwig of Austria (younger brother of Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria) and his second wife, Princess Maria Annunciata of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
The song reached# 15 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart and# 39 on the" Billboard" chart in 1962.
Widely considered as one of the great exponents of Brazilian music, Jobim internationalized bossa nova and, with the help of important American artists, merged it with jazz in the 1960s to create a new sound with remarkable popular success.
In Love We Trust" was an exception as it portrays marital strains.
"Butse Kik" (also spelled as Buchikik" or "Abuchikik or Butsikik") is a novelty song by Yoyoy Villame that is widely regarded as one of his hits in the Philippines, becoming a radio staple.
She was a specialist in medieval English literature and history, Arabic literature and language and of the author Herman Melville.
Lewis Robert Egerton Montrose (born 17 November 1988) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for club A.F.C. Fylde.
It also won the National Film Award for Best Special Effects.
Rivette's output increased from then on, and his film "La Belle Noiseuse" received international praise.
(後), translates as "later", and he is thus sometimes called the "Later Emperor Daigo", or, in some older sources, "Daigo, the second" or as "Daigo II".
A novelized biography of Torre Nilsson, "El Gran Babsy" , by Mónica Martín, was published in 1993.
He was slain by Roger Mortimer, 1st Baron Wigmore; this caused a feud to begin between the Despencer and the Mortimer families.
The sisters and their respective followers( the" Heeckerens", from the party led by families of Van Heeckeren and their relatives, the Van Rechterens, supported Mathilde, while the faction known as the" Bronkhorsters" followed Maria) fought for the duchy of Guelders in the War of the Succession of Guelders.
He initially got into still photography by accident.
Racing Lady is a 1937 American drama film produced by RKO Radio Pictures, which premiered in New York City on January 12, 1937, and was released nationally on January 29.
, he is 21st in the line of succession to the British throne, where he is the first person who is not a direct descendant of the Queen.
Arcadio Padilla( born 12 January 1941) is a Mexican rower.
He succeeded his father as Earl of Castlehaven and Baron Audley on 9 August 1700.
The film was entered into the main competition at the 44th edition of the Venice Film Festival.
He was bishop of Aire in 1445, bishop of Cahors in 1460.
Stanley A. Long( 26 November 1933 – 10 September 2012) was an English Exploitation cinema and sexploitation filmmaker.
He occupied Arkel, but in 1422 he was forced to seek peace and return all of his conquests.
Coney Island Baby is a 2003 comedy- drama in which film producer Amy Hobby made her directorial debut.
Blue Train may refer to:
He was born in Purcell, Oklahoma, and died in Hollywood, California.
After spending long periods touring the U.S., Albarn's songwriting became increasingly influenced by British bands from the 1960s.
The population was 2,686 at the 2010 census.
Peter James Yates( 24 July 1929 – 9 January 2011) was an English film director and producer.
For his work on television, Schlatter has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at 7030 Hollywood Blvd.
The first mention of Cenn Fáelad in the annals is in the year 653 when the ally of the Ui Fiachrach Aidhne, Marcán mac Tomaini, the king of the Ui Maine was slain in battle in Iarthair Seola by Cenn Fáelad and Máenach mac Báethíne of the Uí Briúin.
The Polish king refused to recognize their demands.
The Mark of the Renegade is a 1951 American Technicolor adventure western film directed by Hugo Fregonese starring Ricardo Montalban and Cyd Charisse.
Vera Miletić (Serbian Cyrillic: Вера Милетић; 8 March 1920 – 7 September 1944) was a Serbian student and soldier.
Curtiz introduced to Hollywood a unique visual style using artistic lighting, extensive and fluid camera movement, high crane shots, and unusual camera angles.
Anne managed to have her eldest daughter engaged to Charles of Austria, grandchild of Maximilian I, but after her death in 1514, her daughter married her cousin Francis I of France.
Doria L. Ragland( born September 2, 1956) is the mother of Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, the mother- in- law of Prince Harry, and the maternal grandmother of Archie Mountbatten- Windsor, who is seventh in line to the British throne.
She was only 11 at that time, but she was already a coveted heiress because of Brittany's strategic position.
He recently returned to Poland, and to film making as a writer and director, after a 17-year hiatus with "Cztery noce z AnnąFour Nights with Anna") in 2008.
Maury Dexter described the film as" not too hot" but liked McLaglen's work enough to hire him as director on" The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come".
Widgey R. Newman( 1900 – 1944) was a British screenwriter, producer and film director.
She starred as Angela Williams in the Tyler Perry films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007), its sequel" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010), and on the television series based on the movies," For Better or Worse"( 2011–2017).
The film is centered on the run of three members of the psychopathic antagonist family from the previous film, now seen as villainous protagonists, with Sid Haig, Bill Moseley, and Zombie's wife Sheri Moon Zombie reprising their roles, with Leslie Easterbrook replacing Karen Black as the matriarch.
With millions of streams of her music, Houghton ’s pop hits include:" HighCatch Me If You Can", and" Pretty Pretty".
Jason Joseph Connery( born 11 January 1963) is an English actor and director.
He is the son of Sir Sean Connery and Diane Cilento.
Markus Weissenberger( born March 8, 1975) is an Austrian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
The cinematography is by Miguel de Leon.
Zac Dysert( born February 8, 1990) is an American football quarterback who is currently a free agent.
So is a 2010 film.
"Moonlight Bay" is a popular song.
The film was produced by" Artistas Argentinos Asociados"( Associated Argentine Artists), a cooperative of artists created just a short time before production began.
The film stars Karanvir Bohra and Teejay Sidhu in lead roles, who also produced the film.
Modern scholars prefer the account of Josephus and question practically every aspect of the versions presented by other ancient historians.
There is no evidence that she was ever blind.
He became a dominant figure in the Unionist Government's re-election at the "Khaki Election" in 1900.
Sacred Heart National Secondary School  is a secondary school in Sibu, a town in the East Malaysian state of Sarawak.
The film was released on January 26, 1955 by United Artists.
He was the second son of Archduke Joseph, Palatine of Hungary (7th son of Leopold II, Holy Roman Emperor) and Duchess Maria Dorothea of Württemberg.
His first film as director was" Ranbhoomi" and last film as director was" Albela".
The film's sets were designed by the art director Serge Piménoff.
Edward le Despenser, 1st Baron Despenser (24 March 1336, Essendine – 11 November 1375) was the son of another Edward le Despenser and Anne Ferrers, sister of Henry, Lord Ferrers of Groby.
Concentrating almost exclusively on directing from 1915 through 1928, Ince returned before the cameras as a character actor in the early years of the talkies.
While leading a force supporting King Robert I along with his brother Alexander de Brus composed of eighteen galleys, they landed at Loch Ryan.
His 1990 film" La vengeance d'une femme" was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival.
G. Marthandan is an Indian film director who works in Malayalam cinema.
The Mask of Fu Manchu is a 1932 pre-Code adventure film directed by Charles Brabin.
He was born in Corning, Iowa, and died in Glendale, California from heart disease.
He was the last true ruler of Bodonitsa.
Dorothy McNeill was born in Camberwell, the daughter of a clerk and the fourth of seven children.
There is a two- way hydrological exchange: the more saline and therefore denser, but warmer, Mediterranean water flows into the Black Sea under its less saline outflow.
Franz Antel( 28 June 1913 – 11 August 2007) was a veteran Austrian filmmaker.
For a short time he worked in his brother's shop, but by 1876 he was advertising himself as a chemist in St Georges Terrace, Perth.
" As soon as Peter IV heard of the election of Frederick, he arrested Brancaleone and sent him to Cagliari, to be imprisoned first in the tower of Pancrazio and then in that of Elefante.
A member of the House of Solomon, he was the second son of Emperor Dawit I.
The single featured the solo artist Alberto Carpani and the vocalist Sandra Chambers.
After the war, Chouteau was arrested in 1817 by the Spanish during a trading expedition on the upper Arkansas River, as they considered that area under their control and excluded others from its lucrative trading.
It is about industrialization of food production and shows international agricultural politics from a critical viewpoint, especially with regards to the role of the EU.
Thomas le Despenser, 2nd Baron Despenser, 1st Earl of Gloucester KG( 22 September 1373 – 13 January 1400) was the son of Edward le Despenser, 1st Baron le Despencer, whom he succeeded in 1375.
Actor Cyril Chadwick is the only performer from the play to appear in the film.
An early recording of the song was made by Märta Ekström, with Otto Nordlund accompanying on the piano was performed on December 16, 1929, and released on a single in December 1930, entitled "Det var en gång" alongside the song "
He graduated from Boston University with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Communications.
Next to Henny Porten and Asta Nielsen, she was one of the most popular and well known actresses in German silent film.
At the corner the building has two single- bay facades, one of which houses an entrance.
He served as Secretary of State for the Colonies, promoting a variety of schemes to build up the Empire in Asia, Africa, and the West Indies.
It features boxer Luis Vicentini, Jorge Infante, Ketty Zambelli, and Alfredo Rondanelli.
The date of Theodred's consecration unknown, but the date of his death was sometime between 995 and 997.
Dozens of artists have performed or recorded versions of "Imagine", including Madonna, Stevie Wonder, Joan Baez, Lady Gaga, Freddie Mercury, Elton John and Diana Ross.
It was released on 31 October 2014 on Heavenly Records.
Shango is a 1970 Italian Spaghetti Western film written and directed by Edoardo Mulargia and starring Anthony Steffen.
She has had 31 singles reach the top 40 on pop charts around the world, with 22 top 40 hits in the UK, including the top 10 hits
Since 2002 he has been teaching at Universität für angewandte Kunst in Vienna.
Years of back pain, alcoholism and prescription drug abuse severely compromised his health.
Henry first threatened to give Lower Lorraine to the second son Gothelo( not known for his courage or competency and who was perhaps mentally deficient).
James Graham Ballard (15 November 193019 April 2009) was an English novelist, short story writer, and essayist who first became associated with the New Wave of science fiction for his post-apocalyptic novels such as "The Wind from Nowhere" (1961) and "The Drowned World" (1962).
After that he worked as a screenwriter and dialogue director.
Carlos I of Portugal, Infante Afonso, Duke of Porto, Frederick Augustus III of Saxony, and Princess Maria Josepha of Saxony.
Internationally, she is best known for her 1987 single" Boys( Summertime Love)", which topped the charts in France and Switzerland, and peaked at No. 3 in the UK.
Patricia Canning Todd( born Mary Patricia Canning, July 22, 1922 – September 5, 2015), was an American tennis player who had her best results just after World War II.
He was one of the targets of the 1865 assassination plot that killed Lincoln, and was seriously wounded by conspirator Lewis Powell.
Hutchinson won several international awarded for his commercials, including a Gold Clio Award, a Gold Lion from the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, and a Mobies award.
Prince Nikolaus Ferdinand Maria Josef Raphael of Liechtenstein( born 24 October 1947) is the non-resident Ambassador of Liechtenstein to the Holy See and a younger brother of the reigning Prince of Liechtenstein, Hans- Adam II.
In 1993, his film" Le Jeune Werther" won the Blue Angel Award at the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.
It was also known as" The Man in the Shadows".
When Sigebert III died in 656, Grimoald had Sigebert’s biological son Dagobert II shorn of hair and sent him to an Irish monastery and then proclaimed Childebert king of Austrasia.
Charles Cuthbert Powell Williams, Baron Williams of Elvel,( born 9 February 1933) is a retired business executive and a Labour peer.
He is also professor of composition at the Norwegian Academy of Music in Oslo.
Ballard co-devised a string of Saturday night entertainment programmes for BBC One, including How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria?
He also conducted several dialogues with the renowned Confucian Mencius.
Like the first film, it was directed by Don Sharp, and starred Christopher Lee as Fu Manchu.
School teaching was one of the few reputable occupations that were open to convicts in Western Australia, as the low pay and poor conditions were not attractive to the very small number of well- educated settlers in the colony.
Princess Sophie of Romania( born 29 October 1957) is the fourth daughter of King Michael I and Queen Anne of Romania.
His younger brother Herman Adolph inherited Lippe-Detmold.
The film was shot at the Spandau Studios, and on location in the Canary Islands.
As an international professional his track record was mixed, often just staying a year in the team.
By 2018, Lennon's solo equivalent album sales had exceeded 72 million units worldwide.
After the death of Charles of Bourbon in 1510, Anthony inherited the County of Ligny, which thereby fell back to the House of Luxemburg.
Born at Prague, Joseph Wenzel was the eldest son of Prince Philip Erasmus of Liechtenstein( 11 September 1664 – 13 January 1704) and Countess Christina Theresa von Löwenstein- Wertheim- Rochefort( 12 October 1665 – 14 April 1730).
It is the first full- length film by Kaurismäki and is based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's novel of the same title," Crime and Punishment".
In 2012, he gave an interview about his family's connection to the town of Abbeyleix to Glenda Gilson for Irishheritagetowns.com.
He debuted in 1947 with the short "El muro".
He never composed his own lyrics, but used famous poems, like those of Federico García Lorca, Luis Cernuda, Rafael Alberti or Miguel Hernández.
Known for its" high- energy presentation and MTV- paced segments," the program became a hit among kids and adults, was critically acclaimed and was nominated for 23 Emmy Awards, winning 19.
His 1969 film "Coup de Grâce" was entered into the 19th Berlin International Film Festival.
He started the production company COTA Films and signed a two- year deal with Sony.
He then married Elizabeth Vlasto, daughter of Anthony Augustus Vlasto, on 7 August 1929.
After earning a degree in economics from Mumbai University in 1958, he worked at the Bank of India for the next twenty years.
George William was a great- great- grandson of George III of the United Kingdom( 1738 – 1820) and Charlotte of Mecklenburg- Strelitz( 1744 – 1818).
Lacking any other prospects, Petra agrees.
He was born in Norborne, Missouri and died in Glendale, California from Parkinson's disease.
Born and raised in Philadelphia, he embarked on his music career as a battle rapper, and later formed a short-lived rap group, The Bloodhoundz.
Harry Wainwright( born 1899; date of death unknown) was an English footballer.
Astrid North( Astrid Karina North Radmann; 24 August 1973, Berlin – 25 June 2019, Berlin) was a German soul singer and songwriter.
Louis, Prince of Nassau- Saarbrücken( 3 January 1745 in Saarbrücken – 2 March 1794 in Aschaffenburg) was the last ruling prince of Nassau- Saarbrücken.
Anne Devereux- Mills spent the first 25 years of her career building and leading advertising agencies in New York City.
Dhol (English: "Drum") is a 2007 Indian Hindi-language comedy thriller film directed by Priyadarshan, and produced under the Percept Picture Company.
In 1377, Emperor Charles IV granted Guelders to William's son William, but the title was not secured until 1379.
In the United Kingdom, where the group did not enjoy the same amount of success as they did in Australia and the US, the song reached No. 44 on the UK Singles Chart.
Walo II( Galon II de Beaumont)(* 1060; † 1098) was a viscount of Chaumont- en- Vexin and a constable of King Philip I of France.
The force led by the Bruces was quickly overwhelmed by forces led by Dungal MacDouall, who was a supporter of the Comyns.
Christopher Nugent, Lord Delvin( died before 1680) was the eldest son of Richard Nugent, 2nd Earl of Westmeath.
He is the only son of Lin Hsiung- cheng and a grandson of Lin Erh-kang.
His birth date is debated, with various sources giving dates from 763 to 766.
It was released in Italy in July 1988 as the first single from her second album" Super Sabrina".
He died in office and was succeeded by his son, W. Kent Ingram.
Aragno was dissatisfied with the results of professional 3 D cameras and built his own custom rigs using Canon 5 Ds and Flip Minos.
Dulce of Aragon (or of Barcelona; ; 1160 – 1 September 1198) was Queen consort to King Sancho I of Portugal.
He was signed to London Records under the WMG umbrella in January 2000.
The Pledge of Allegiance to the Philippine Flag is the pledge to the flag of the Philippines.
Mimi Gianopulos is an American actress.
Much of Caesar's life is known from his own accounts of his military campaigns and from other contemporary sources, mainly the letters and speeches of Cicero and the historical writings of Sallust.
Bolesław IV of Legnica( ca. 1349 – 3/4 March 1394) was a Duke of Legnica since 1364( nominally; together with his brothers).
Its estimated worldwide sales are around 400,000- 500,000 copies.
It consists of a strong bladder( or plastic bag), usually made of several layers of metallised film or other plastics, seated inside a corrugated fiberboard box.
He became a Representative Peer for Scotland in 1922, was appointed a Lord-in-waiting in Stanley Baldwin's government in 1926, and was made a Knight Commander of the Royal Victorian Order in 1929.
Other directorial efforts included "Blood of Dracula" (a 1957 film in which a disturbed teenage girl at a boarding school becomes a vampire through hypnosis) and Ivan Tors' "Office of Scientific Investigation" trilogy, which included "The Magnetic MonsterRiders to the Stars" and "Gog", shot in 3-D.
The screenplay was written by Andy S. McEwan.
Miriam Davenport or Miriam Davenport Ebel( June 6, 1915 – September 13, 1999) was an American painter and sculptor who played an important role helping European Jews and intellectuals escape the Holocaust during World War II.
Nevertheless, he was killed by traitors while "bravely defending the medieval Thermopylae against the new Persian invasion."
Rockefeller was the second vice president appointed to the position under the 25th Amendment, following Ford himself.
This film was based on a novel of the same title by Charles Sherman, which was adapted into a 1914 play of the same name by Byron Ongley and Emil Nyitray.
Christian, Prince of Nassau- Dillenburg( 12 August 1688 at Dillenburg Castle – 28 August 1739 in Straßebersbach, now part of Dietzhölztal) was the last ruler( i.e. Fürst) of Nassau- Dillenburg from the line that had started in 1606 with George, Count of Nassau- Dillenburg.
Dek hor( also Dorm or" My School") is a 2006 Thai horror- drama film.
He was the first Italian Director to win the Venice Film Festival or Mostra Internazionale d'Arte Cinematografica, the oldest film festival in the world, with Best Italian Film, "Teresa Confalonieri" (1934).
In 1976 his first novel, the partly autobiographical "Jack" was published by Wahlström & Widstrand.
She married Stewart on 18 April 1797.
He married, on 14 May 1722, Elizabeth Arundell( 1693 – 1743), daughter of Henry Arundell, 5th Baron Arundell of Wardour and his wife, née Elizabeth Panton.
However Henry III decided that the earldoms should be annexed to the crown" lest so fair a dominion should be divided among women".
The comic was handed out at theaters prior to seeing the film.
Charles of Hesse- Kassel( 3 August 1654 – 23 March 1730), of the House of Hesse, was the Landgrave of Hesse- Kassel from 1670 to 1730.
Ryan Ready( born November 7, 1978) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played in the National Hockey League with the Philadelphia Flyers.
Hugh I of Le Puiset( died 23 December 1096), son of Everard I of Breteuil and his wife Humberge.
Louis married Adelaide (d. after 1025), of unknown parentage.
He directed 27 films between 1927 and 1963.
Andrew Norman is a Papua New Guinean rugby league footballer who represented Papua New Guinea in the 2000 World Cup.
California Winter is an American drama film from 2012.
"Forbes" estimated Bhumibol's fortune – including property and investments managed by the Crown Property Bureau, a unique body that is neither private nor government-owned (the assets managed by the Bureau were at that time owned by the crown as an institution, not by the monarch as an individual) –
In 2008, he along with his daughter, Saasha Ramsay directed a supernatural series based on the concept of wishful female serpent for Sahara One, called Neeli Aankhen.
A trailer for the film was released on 28 September 2015.
He was replaced by actor Keith David.
Pink Pages was an Indian LGBT magazine that published online and print issues from 2009 to 2017.
Frank Johnson Goodnow( January 18, 1859 – November 15, 1939) was an American educator and legal scholar, born in Brooklyn, New York.
Yang is a governor for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
James or Jim Carroll may refer to:
Guy I of Dampierre( died 1151), son of Thibaut of Dampierre- sur- l’ Aube and Elizabeth of Montlhéry, daughter of Milo I of Montlhéry, Viscount of Troyes.
Anne de Vere Chamberlain
He became known for his work with the bands
Born George Stewart, and nicknamed" The Flying Frenchman," he legally changed his name in tribute to fellow driver Arthur Duray.
He served as Lord Lieutenant of Bedfordshire from 1621 to 1627 and again from 1629 to his death.
Sayonara to Hello is a 2012 American documentary film by Nic Beery about an American magician who becomes famous in Japan.
Thus the need for shallow- draught keels to transport the coal to the waiting ships.
He served as the 13th vice- chancellor of the University of Dhaka.
Albert Anthony Visetti( 13 May 1846–10 July 1928) was a Dalmatian musician who moved to London where he was Professor of Singing at the Royal College of Music, becoming a Fellow in 1921.
Alexius Frederick Christian of Anhalt- Bernburg( 12 June 1767 – 24 March 1834), was a German prince of the House of Ascania.
Chemabwai was married to the now deceased runner Julius Sang.
Buenos Aires Festival Internacional de Cine Independiente) where a retrospective of his films was made.
Prince Dmitri Alexandrovich of Russia (15 August 1901 – 7 July 1980) was the fourth son and fifth child of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia.
He died in 1957 in France of prostate cancer at the age of 71.
He later worked as a production manager in television.
He was elected Member of Parliament for Tavistock in 1601 and knight of the shire for Bedfordshire in 1614.
Abū Isḥāq Muḥammad ibn Hārūn al-Rashīd (October 796 – 5 January 842), better known by his regnal name al-Muʿtaṣim biʾllāh ("he who seeks refuge in God"), was the eighth Abbasid caliph, ruling from 833 until his death in 842.
The music video for" Ca n't Believe It" was directed by Geremey and Georgie Legs.
Sarah Maria Scullin (née McNamara; 21 April 1880 – 31 May 1962) was the wife of James Scullin, the 9th Prime Minister of Australia.
After several months of infighting the government collapsed, and was resoundingly defeated by the newly formed United Australia Party at the subsequent 1931 election.
The Pledge was first established at Humboldt State University, California, in 1987.
Bakaffa (Ge'ez በካፋ) (throne name Aṣma Giyorgis , later Masih Sagad Ge'ez መሲህ ሰገድ, "to whom the anointed bows") was "nəgusä nägäst" (May 18, 1721 – September 19, 1730) of Ethiopia, and a member of the Solomonic dynasty.
He is best known for his work on" Short Term 12"( 2013) and" Moonlight"( 2016).
His bid failed.
"Drifters" follows a young slacker, Hong Yunsheng, who has become something of a local celebrity in part due to his failures as a stowaway.
among them Cato the Younger with the frequent support of Cicero.
The film stars Huang Bo and Shen Teng in the lead roles.
"Emotionless" is a song by Canadian musician Drake from his fifth studio album "Scorpion" (2018).
He received numerous awards, including Grand Prix at the Polish Film Festival in 1986.
The Half- drowned King and The Sea Queen cover the lives of Eystein's children.
The experience prompted the writing of the song which she later brought to her producer, Dr. Luke, who was then contacted by P. Diddy in hopes of a collaboration; he came to the studio the same day and recorded his lines and the song was completed.
He was the father of two emperors:
She was a member of the House of Piast and was Duchess consort of Greater Poland by marriage.
He has also appeared in" ParaNorman Wall- EToy Story 3" and" Safety Not Guaranteed", among other films and has hosted his own podcast on Earwolf since 2013.
With a puzzling structure, the story is told through a series of flashbacks presented from four different perspectives.
Mills of Drum station was located in Deeside, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.
The Hindi version of the film "Sookha" was released in 1983.
The first encounter takes place during World War I, and the second during World War II.
A few months later, AntiochusX regained his position and killed Antiochus XI.
In 1985, the Central Park Conservancy memorialised a portion of the park in honour of Lennon, called Strawberry Fields, with a mosaic that reads "Imagine".
William Middleton( or William de Middleton; died 31 August or 1 September 1288) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich.
In 2007, he starred as Henry Tilney in the television film" Northanger Abbey".
He is the son of Georgia Hart of the Hart family and wrestler B.J. Annis.
He attended Wigan Grammar School and studied civil engineering at the Bolton School of Science and Art.
St. Teresa's National Secondary School is an all- girls secondary school in Kuching, the capital of the East Malaysian state of Sarawak.
The eldest child of William Bowie and Kitty Beanes Duckett, he was born at Fairview Plantation in Prince George's County, Maryland.
Prince "Luigi" Carlo Maria Giuseppe of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Aquila (19 July 1824 – 5 March 1897) was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies.
He also participated in Battle of Kunersdorf and thereafter was appointed military commandant of Frankfurt.
Elisabeth of Wrocław (Polish: Elżbieta wrocławska) (c. 1232 – 16 January 1265), also known as "Elisabeth of Poland", was a daughter of Henry II the Pious and his wife, Anna of Bohemia.
During the Austro-Prussian War he commanded a Brigade in the North Army and had three horses shot under him at Königgrätz.
It premiered at the Fantasia Festival in 2008, and was subsequently screened at the New York Asian Film Festival in 2009.
It also frequently published guidance on how to prepare a petition to be presented to the House of Commons.
Gregory Hill( 21 May 1941 – 20 July 2000), better known by the pen name Malaclypse the Younger, was one of the two writers of the" Principia Discordia", along with Kerry Wendell Thornley( a.k.a. Lord Omar Khayyam Ravenhurst).
Donald Herman Sharp( 19 April 192114 December 2011) was an Australian- born British film director.
Maurice Cloche( 17 June 1907, Commercy, Meuse – 23 March 1990, Bordeaux, France) was a French film director, screenwriter, photographer and film producer.
The album's single "Garota de IpanemaThe Girl from Ipanema"), one of the most recorded songs of all time, won the Record of the Year.
1 November 1942) was an influent Portuguese capitalist in Lisbon and important landowner in the Portuguese colony of São Tomé and Príncipe; he was one of the protagonists of the economic phenomenon that saw that colony turn into one of the world's main producers and exporters of cocoa in the early 20th century.
He married Adelaide of Kronenkracht and Elisabeth Selz.
Kardam, Prince of Tarnovo, Duke of Saxony (2 December 1962 – 7 April 2015) was the eldest son of King Simeon II of Bulgaria and
On 26 May 1826 he succeeded to the title of 9th Earl of Airlie, after his honours were restored by Act of Parliament.
Isabella Boschetti or Boschetto( c.1502 –?) was a Mantuan noblewoman and lover of Federico II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua.
Jack Nelson (October 15, 1882 – November 10, 1948) was an American actor and film director of the silent era.
A Race for Life is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by D. Ross Lederman.
In 1024, Reginbert, the Bishop of Verdun, appointed Louis as Count of Verdun when Count Herman of Ename, son of Godfrey the Prisoner, retired to a monastery.
Known as "the Bonnie Earl" for his good looks, he became the subject of a popular ballad, "The Bonnie Earl of Moray".
Prior to working on" The Matrix", Paterson had worked on Australian films such as" The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert"( for which he won an AFI Award) and" Welcome to Woop Woop" with director Stephan Elliott.
John was with the army in Scotland in 1383 and with the English Fleet in the western coast of France.
The Battles  and Joan
Buz aka Frank Altimare is a drummer.
Josser on the River is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Ernie Lotinga, Molly Lamont and Charles Hickman.
The film's script, written by Homero Manzi and Ulyses Petit de Murat, is based on the novel by Leopoldo Lugones published in 1905.
It was founded in 1987 by Dr. P. T Abraham, an educationist and a philanthropist.
Two of Zengi's advisors, the head of the diwan al- Din Muhammad Jemal and" hajab" Amir Salah al- Din Muhammad al- Yaghisiyani took the side of Saif ad- Din: taking advantage of the inexperience of the young Seljuk, giving Saif ad- Din the time necessary to take control of Mosul.
He held supporting roles in "A Touch of ClassRedsThe RocketeerNixon" and "Romeo + Juliet".
Chah Dul( also Romanized as Chāh Dūl and Chah Dool) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District, Shabankareh District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.
Curtiz helped popularize the classic swashbuckler with films such as "Captain Blood" (1935) and "The Adventures of Robin Hood" (1938).
George and Dragon may refer to:
Thomas, 2nd Earl of Moray had a chief command under the Earl of Mar ranged against the army of Edward Balliol at the Battle of Dupplin Moor, where he was killed.
Armless is a 2010 comedy film directed by Habib Azar and starring Daniel London, Janel Moloney, Matt Walton, Zoe Lister-Jones and Laurie Kennedy.
Abu or ABU may refer to:
He is best known as a director of Westerns, especially starring Randolph Scott and John Wayne.
In 1741, he was elected as one of the 16 Scottish Representative peers who sat in the post- 1707 British House of Lords, a position he retained until his death.
Jennifer Leigh" Jen" Grubb( born July 20, 1978) is an American former women's soccer player.
In addition to his work as an artist, Louryk served as founding Artistic Director of Studio 42 from 2001 until 2010, and its philanthropic offshoot, The Starving Artists Award Fund.
He took over the main role after Michael Praed's character was killed off at the end of the second season.
Lacking legitimacy or permission, Charlotte was unable to marry.
Arguments against the pledge include that the pledge itself is incompatible with democracy and freedom, pledges of allegiance are features of totalitarian states such as Nazi Germany, and that the pledge was written to honor Christopher Columbus and to sell flags.
Aline was the daughter of Philip Basset, who had also served as Justiciar.
He died on September 3, 1924 in Wheeling, West Virginia.
He has been cited as one of the best B-film directors for Fox, known for directing numerous westerns and lighthearted films, including" Charlie Chan in Shanghai"( 1935).
In 1377, Emperor Charles IV awarded the Duchy of Guelders and the County of Zutphen to Maria's son William of Jülich.
John I, Burgrave of Nuremberg (– 1300) was a member of the House of Hohenzollern and was Burgrave of Nuremberg from 1297 until his death.
An early film of his, "Helicopter Canada" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
He was the son of Reginar III, Count of Hainaut and Adela d' Eguisheim, daughter of Hugh V, Count of Eguisheim.
Shelley is a 2016 Danish drama horror film directed by Ali Abbasi and starring Ellen Dorrit Petersen.
After the success of the film" Carnival Night" starring Lyudmila Gurchenko the script of the film" A Girl with a Guitar" was written counting on her popularity.
Georges-Henri Denys Arcand (born June 25, 1941) is a French Canadian film director, screenwriter and producer.
His films cover many genres, including melodramas, fairy tales, costume dramas with historical and biblical themes, and literary adaptations, especially after taking up directorship of SCAGL in 1908.
He fought in the final stages of World War II as a U.S. Army infantryman in the European Theater.
Partner is a 1968 Italian drama film by Bernardo Bertolucci.
St John married Emma Maria Elizabeth Whitbread, daughter of Samuel Whitbread of Cardington, Bedfordshire, on 2 December 1780.
Through his mother he was a cousin of Baldwin of Le Bourg and Joscelin of Courtenay, who were lords in Outremer.
High Tide at Noon is a 1957 British drama film directed by Philip Leacock.
Ferrante III Gonzaga( 4 April 1618 – 11 January 1678), was a Duke of Guastalla.
Béchir Sfar,( 27 February 1856, Tunis- 1 March 1917, Tunis), was a Tunisian nationalist campaigner and politician.
A contemporary wrote that:" There resulted an wholly mix- up of relationships".
He played college football at St. Louis University.
John De Margheriti( born July 1962) is an Italian- born Australian electrical engineer, software developer and entrepreneur.
Eventually Crosby prevailed.
In 1958, Schultz emigrated to Australia by himself, where he worked for Australian TV, first as a cameraman, and then as a director.
Mera Lahoo is a 1987 Indian film directed by Veerendra and starring Govinda and Kimi Katkar.
Poitier also received critical acclaim for" A Raisin in the Sun"( 1961) and" A Patch of Blue"( 1965).
Kim Jae- ho( born 1963) is a South Korean judge who is the husband of Na Kyung- won, a conservative politician.
He won Best Director and Best French Director for his sci-fi action film" The Fifth Element"( 1997).
He is also a painter, having created works under the name Anthony Benedetto that are on permanent public display in several institutions.
As of 2018, it is the third most downloaded single of all-time in the UK and the fourth best-selling single of the 21st century.
He reportedly referred to himself as "the first motion picture director", which was not accurate.
11 Minutes  is a 2015 Polish film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski, starring Richard Dormer, Wojciech Mecwaldowski, Andrzej Chyra, Dawid Ogrodnik, Paulina Chapko, Mateusz Kościukiewicz, Agata Buzek.
She died in Palencia, and was buried at the Cathedral of Santiago de Compostela.
Elisabeth of Bohemia( 1358–1373) was the daughter of Charles IV, Holy Roman Emperor, and Anne of Schweidnitz.
He was the first man from the Andes to rule the country, and was the first of five military strongmen from the Andean state of Táchira to rule the country over the next 46 years.
Bernhard V, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg( died 24 June 1420) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Bernburg.
Cleopatra of Jerusalem was not related to the Hasmonaean Dynasty.
craft is known for its high dose of comedy, fast-paced repartee, farcical situations, escapist themes, and comedy thriller plot lines involving drama, most of which were very successful at the box office.
Castlehaven played a prominent role in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms that took place in the middle of the 17th century, and was particularly active in the conflicts in Ireland at this time.
He was curator of the Mystic Seaport Museum in Mystic, Connecticut, from 1951 to 1966.
Cleopatra of Jerusalem was a woman who lived in the 1st century BC during the Roman Empire.
In 1987, he started five more secondary schools in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Alappuzha, Pathanapuram and Kayamkulam.
Bernard Bonvoisin, known as Bernie Bonvoisin( born 9 July 1956 in Nanterre, Hauts- de- Seine), is a French hard rock singer and film director.
Also the pilot of Hunter as second unit director.
The film stars William S. Hart, Frank Brownlee, Myrtle Stedman, Georgie Stone, Will Jim Hatton, and Richard Headrick.
Khalid bin Hamad bin Abdullah bin Jassim bin Muhammed Al Thani( born 1935 in Doha) is a former Minister of Interior of Qatar, as which he served from 1972 to 1989.
Chae Min-seo( born Jo Soo-jin; March 16, 1981) is a South Korean actress.
Later on, she became known as Empress Dowager Shin-Muromachi-in.
Return of the Ewok is an unreleased 1982 mockumentary short, written, produced and directed by David Tomblin, starring Warwick Davis as himself in a fictionalized account of how he got the role of Wicket W. Warrick in" Return of the Jedi".
Annie Carmona- Lim, popularly known as Chef Annie or Chocolate Queen, is a pastry chef, entrepreneur, and television host in the Philippines.
Benedito Clayton Veras Alcântara, known by Beni Veras, (August 18, 1935 – November 6, 2015) was a Brazilian politician and businessman.
Finally he was sacked from USDP together with other 17 senior members in April 2016.
Their debut EP," Willoughby's Beach"( 2011), and first two albums," 12 Bar Bruise"( 2012) and" Eyes Like the Sky"( 2013), primarily blended surf music and garage rock, and were released on the band's independent record label, Flightless, founded by Moore in 2012.
Chemabwai won silver at the 1978 Commonwealth Games 800 metres race.
The Girl in White is a 1952 film drama directed by John Sturges.
The Keelmen of Tyne and Wear were a group of men who worked on the keels, large boats that carried the coal from the banks of both rivers to the waiting collier ships.
The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come is a DeLuxe Color 1961 CinemaScope film directed by Andrew V. McLaglen.
Born in Brooklyn, Buzzell appeared in vaudeville and on Broadway, and he was hired to star in the 1929 film version of George M. Cohan's "Little Johnny Jones" with Alice Day.
A third party, the Constitutional Union Party, nominated John Bell.
The film stars Sasha Luss as the eponymous assassin, alongside Luke Evans, Cillian Murphy, Helen Mirren and Alexander Petrov.
It is Eldar Ryazanov's first big- screen film, Lyudmila Gurchenko's first role and also one of the most famous films starring popular comedian Igor Ilyinsky.
It also won the 2002 Amanda Award for Best Film( Norwegian).
Xue Song( born 22 January 1994) is a Chinese badminton player who specializes in men's singles.
The Cleceova is a left tributary of the river Crișul Alb in Romania.
Amir Naderi, born 15 August 1946, in Abadan) is an Iranian film director, screenwriter, and photographer.
Susannah Taylor or Susannah Cook (29 March 1755 – June, 1823) was a British socialite and correspondent.
He directed his first film in 1978.
He held the titles of Duke of Gandia (from 1399), Count of Denia (since 1355), Count of Ribagorza (from 1361), Marquis of Villena (since 1366), and first Constable of Castile.
She was born about 1397 in Nettlestead, Suffolk, England, and married John de Ros, 7th Baron de Ros.
The Holy Roman Emperor Henry III authorized him to succeed his father as Duke of Upper Lorraine in 1044, but refused him the ducal title in Lower Lorraine, for he feared the power of a united duchy.
It is also referred to as Turtle Caught in a Jar.
The Avett Brothers regularly sing this song as an encore at their concerts.
Egerton was the fourth son of Scroop Egerton, 1st Duke of Bridgewater and his second wife Lady Rachael Russell, daughter of Wriothesley Russell, 2nd Duke of Bedford.
It is based on the operetta by Franz Lehár.
He was the son of King Xiang of Wei.
Joan the Maid  is a two-part 1994 French historical film directed by Jacques Rivette.
Tommy's Honour is a 2016 historical drama film depicting the lives and careers of, and the complex relationship between, the pioneering Scottish golfing champions Old Tom Morris and his son Young Tom Morris.
It was made in Mallorca, at the same time as a French- language version" The Star of Valencia" directed by Serge de Poligny.
Tudel started ski mountaineering in 2004 and competed first in the" Nocturna Pas de la Casa" race in 2005.
He was a son of Charles II of Albret, Count of Dreux.
From 1941 to 1943 she was also officially Queen Consort of Croatia.
Three for Happiness( a.k.a. Three's Happiness) is a 1985 Croatian romantic drama film directed by Rajko Grlić.
She was born in Halle, the only daughter of Johann Philipp, Duke of Saxe- Altenburg, and his wife, Elisabeth of Brunswick- Wolfenbüttel.
The Earl and Countess refurbished their house at Donibristle and installed a fountain with a bronze figure of Mercury.
He is the chairman emeritus of Bank of America having served on its board of directors from 2004 to 2016.
It is from Howrah Station and from Panskura.
Christine of Mecklenburg-Güstrow (14 August 1663 – 3 August 1749) was a German noblewoman of the House of Mecklenburg and by marriage Countess of Stolberg-Gedern.
Various gods and men appear as Sons of Odin or Sons of Wodan/ Wotan or Sons of Woden in old Old Norse and Old High German and Old English texts.
Andreas, Prince of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha, Duke of Saxony( given names:" Andreas Michael Friedrich Hans Armin Siegfried Hubertus"; born 21 March 1943) has been the head of the House of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha since 1998.
Joan (c. 1205 – 17 January 1271) was the Countess of Chiny.
John I of Bavaria( 29 November 1329 – 20 December 1340),( German:" Johann I das Kind, Herzog von Niederbayern"), he was the Duke of Lower Bavaria since 1339.
Chah -e Ali( also Romanized as Chāh- e ‘ Alī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar -e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.
During his four decades career, he became the most globally recognized director from Quebec, winning many awards from the Cannes Film Festival, including the Best Screenplay Award, the Jury Prize, and many other prestigious awards worldwide.
Mark Kenneth Woods( date of birth unknown) is a Canadian comedy writer, actor, producer, director and TV host.
Frances Elliot on 1 December 1865.
Catherine of Guelders was the fourth and youngest child of Arnold, Duke of Guelders( 1410- 1473) and Catherine of Cleves( 1417 – 1479).< br>
The Bellingham Review" includes fiction, poetry, and creative non-fiction.
In 1387, his brother died under Aragonese captivity and Marianus became sole judge at a time when the Giudicato of Arborea was at war with the Crown of Aragon.
The Black Sea undersea river is a current of particularly saline water flowing through the Bosphorus Strait and along the seabed of the Black Sea.
He served in the Empress Catherine's retinue for a time, before taking part in the Russo-Swedish War, and seeing action on a number of occasions.
It stars Jimmie Rodgers and Luana Patten and includes the film debut of George Kennedy.
Bryan Man( born December 8, 1983) is an Argentine- Israeli professional football( soccer) player.
The relic, which dates to the twelfth century, may include elements of this chalice.
The song was first published in the collection "Misse-Måns och andra visor" in 1918.
Mann is a member of experimental arts quartet Collectress who released their first album" Mondegreen" in 2014.
He was the stepfather of the novelist Radclyffe Hall.
Vintage Wine is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Seymour Hicks, Claire Luce, Eva Moore and Judy Gunn.
In 2016, Hall was praised by critics for her portrayal of reporter Christine Chubbuck in the biographical drama" Christine".
Detective K: Secret of the Virtuous Widow is a 2011 South Korean film based on the novel by Kim Tak- hwan, starring Kim Myung- min in the lead role.
William Henry Seward (May 16, 1801 – October 10, 1872) was United States Secretary of State from 1861 to 1869, and earlier served as governor of New York and United States Senator.
She was apparently not his only wife.
He is also the father of barrister Sarat Chandra Bose.
With eight Best Director Oscar nominations, he is the most -nominated living director and is tied with Billy Wilder for the second- most nominations overall.
Jacques Demy( 5 June 1931 – 27 October 1990) was a French director, lyricist, and screenwriter.
St John was a son of Oliver St John, 1st Baron St John of Bletso, and Agnes Fisher.
In 1952 he divorced Sheppard and was dismissed by the Grand Ole Opry because of his unreliability and alcohol abuse.
The film was originally developed under the title Grave Robbers from Outer Space, but its financial backers objected to this title, which they saw as being sacrilegious, and it was retitled" Plan 9 from Outer Space" prior to production.
House of Assembly member, Alvera Maduro- Caines argued it was appropriate.
The Girl from a Far River is a 1928 Soviet silent drama film directed by Yevgeni Chervyakov.
John Egerton, 3rd Earl of Bridgewater KB PC (9 November 1646 – 19 March 1701) was a British nobleman from the Egerton family.
A member of the Democratic Party, he serves as the State Treasurer of New Mexico.
She made her debut in the 2002 film" Catch Me If You Can".
He is a left- handed batsman who can play as a wicket- keeper.
He was born at Florence, Italy.
Tawhiao- Wardlaw made her debut in the Lions' round 1 game against at Moreton Bay Central Sports Complex on 3 February 2019.
She was briefly interim regent of Bohemia after the death of Wenceslaus in 1419.
Jamal Beyg( also Romanized as Jamāl Beyg) is a village in Dezhkord Rural District, Sedeh District, Eqlid County, Fars Province, Iran.
Oto Luthar( born 11 August 1959) is a Slovenian historian.
William Brown was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Nottingham Forest and Notts County.
Thomas and his brother were captured, seriously injured in the fight.
The film begins with the band's formation in 1965, its development over the next two years, release of their debut album and subsequent albums and Jim Morrison's use of alcohol and drugs and subsequent death in Paris in July 1971.
Like the earlier action films, there is the inclusion of a major star; Rutger Hauer appeared in" The Hunt for Eagle One", while Jeff Fahey was in" The Hunt for Eagle One: Crash Point".
Comin' Round
The leader of the People ’s Empowerment Party, Natalio D. Wheatley, said there was a" glaring problem" with the pledge: that it is" oxymoronic" to refer to a territory as a country.
He avenged his father by defeating Seleucus VI, who was eventually killed.
The film travelled to international festivals like the Birmingham Film Festival in UK, Fribourg Film Festival in Germany, Hong Kong International Film Festival, Lisbon Film Festival in Portugal, Locarno Film Festival in Switzerland, London Film Festival in UK, Rotterdam Film Festival in Netherlands, Festival des 3 continent at Nantes in France and the Seattle Film Festival in United States.
After working in business and local government, and after a short spell as Director of National Service in 1916 and 1917, Chamberlain followed his father, Joseph Chamberlain, and older half-brother, Austen Chamberlain, in becoming a Member of Parliament in the 1918 general election for the new Birmingham Ladywood division at the age of 49.
Augusta FitzAlan-Howard, Duchess of Norfolk (
Scenes of the film were shot on site in Lexington on the Institute's historic Parade Ground, and the baseball game scene was filmed at Alumni Memorial Field.
Anthony Dominick Benedetto (born August 3, 1926), known professionally as Tony Bennett, is an American singer of traditional pop standards, big band, show tunes, and jazz.
Later in life, he played the leading role in Ingmar Bergman's "Wild Strawberries" (1957).
A major proponent of collective improvisation, he is considered to be one of the greatest jazz musicians and composers in history, with a career spanning three decades and collaborations with other jazz legends such as Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington, Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie, Dannie Richmond, and Herbie Hancock.
A monastic patron, he is remembered as the founder of Gisborough Priory in Yorkshire, in present- day Redcar and Cleveland, in 1119.
By her second husband, Edmund Stafford, 5th Earl of Stafford, Anne of Gloucester was the mother of Humphrey Stafford, 1st Duke of Buckingham.
It is a direct sequel of the first" The Irony of Fate".
These classes were attended by Roberto Rossellini and Luchino Visconti, who would become instrumental in defining the neorealism film movement after the Second World War.
In 1995 she won an Oscar for Best Foreign Language Film for" Antonia's Line", this made her the first woman to direct a movie that won an Oscar for Best Foreign Film.
On 2 May 1649, he married Anna Elisabeth, a daughter of Count Henry Volrad of Stolberg- Ortenberg.
He and his forces distinguished themselves at the Second Battle of Polotsk, and at the Battle of Smoliani, where he was wounded in the leg.
He was the director of the Burgtheater in Vienna between 1918 and 1921.
A month later," Ant- Man" director Reed was officially set to return; he was excited to develop the film from the beginning after joining the first film later in the process and also to introduce Hope van Dyne as the Wasp in this film, insisting on treating Lang and her as equals.
Even in Sudan."
Charles opposed Hugh, but was defeated in battle and captured in 991.
Pensioners and other core Labor constituencies were severely affected by the cuts, leading to a widespread revolt and multiple defections in parliament.
General William Neville Custance CB was a senior British Army officer, who served initially as an infantry officer; but mainly as cavalry officer.
Constructed in the 19th century for water- mills, it is now used for irrigation.
Meghan O' Leary( born August 24, 1984) is an American rower.
The film was added to the Mubi platform in 2016, and to YouTube later in the year.
Ilaiyaraaja composed the music, the cinematography was by Santosh Sivan, and the editing by N. Gopalakrishnan.
Frank Wartenberg (born 29 May 1955 in Bülzig) is a retired East German long jumper.
Peter Burrell FRS( 27 August 1724 – 6 November 1775) was a British politician and barrister.
From 1964 to 1971 he was Chief Editor of the Royal Commission on Pilotage.
It stars Héloïse Godet, Kamel Abdeli, Richard Chevallier, Zoé Bruneau, Jessica Erickson and Christian Grégori and was shot by cinematographer Fabrice Aragno.
Yentl is a 1983 American romantic musical drama directed, co-written, and co-produced by, and stars Barbra Streisand.
Let Me Out may refer to:
They had two children:
He was born in Murska Sobota, Slovenia, then part of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
Louis III( d. August 12? 1189), Count of Chiny, son of Albert, Count of Chiny, and his spouse Agnes of Bar.
Sang was married to fellow runner Tecla Chemabwai Sang.
Born
Blue Hill Avenue is a 2001 American crime film directed and written by Craig Ross Jr., and starring Allen Payne.
Angelitha Wass( 15th century – after 1521) was a Hungarian lady's maid of Anne of Foix- Candale, Queen consort of Bohemia and Hungary, and later a mistress of Anne's son, Louis II Jagiellon, King of Hungary.
Andrew G. Vajna and Mario Kassar obtained the full rights in 1998, and they would ultimately produce the film.
The last years there he headed the school; his students included Greta Garbo.
In 1468 he restored the eyesight of King John in two simple operations, who was completely blind before the surgeries.
Lloyd was the only son of George Lloyd, 1st Baron Lloyd, and his wife, Blanche Isabella (née Lascelles).
During his episcopate, Basil actively opposed iconoclasm that was supported by the Eastern Roman emperor Theophilus.
Nicolas Vichiatto da Silva( born 24 February 1997), simply known as Nicolas, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Atlético Goianiense on loan from Athletico Paranaense.
Prince Feodor Alexandrovich of Russia (23 December 1898 – 30 November 1968) was the second son and third child of Grand Duke Alexander Mikhailovich of Russia and Grand Duchess Xenia Alexandrovna of Russia.
He was the second son and fourth child of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom and Prince Albert of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha.
The film's screenplay by Jeffrey Boam is loosely inspired by three of" The Phantom" stories," The Singh Brotherhood The Sky Band" and" The Belt"; but adds supernatural elements and several new characters.
Friedrich XI, Count of Hohenzollern( died 26 November 1401), nicknamed" Friedrich the Elder" was a German nobleman.
It served as a sequel to" On Moonlight Bay", which also starred Doris Day.
On January 18, 1982, Lehman died after he hanged himself on a chain link fence outside of Vena Avenue Elementary School in Pacoima, California.
In the immediate post-First World War period, Meinert was head of production at the German studio Decla after his own production unit Meinert-Film was taken over by the larger outfit.
Gregory D. Scholes is William S. Tod Professor of Chemistry at Princeton University.
The name" Kalapani" is derived from the mode of imprisonment in British India.
She was associated with the literary May School.
John III, Count of Nassau-Saarbrücken (5 April 1511 – 23 November 1574) was a son of Count John Louis of Nassau-Saarbrücken and his second wife Catherine of Moers.
In the French- speaking parts of Switzerland where it was shot, the word" adieu" can mean both goodbye and hello.
the song was played on the ABC hit show "Grey's Anatomy".
Rob Zombie( born Robert Bartleh Cummings; January 12, 1965) is an American musician and filmmaker.
It was named in honour of the 15th Prime Minister of Canada, the Right Honourable Pierre Elliott Trudeau.
After attempting to make four consecutive films, however, Rivette had a nervous breakdown and his career slowed for several years.
The film was produced by Alan Klingenstein.
Marquand picked a sketch by concept artist Nilo Rodis- Jamero, over the objections of other members of the film crew who thought the character looked too silly or ugly.
Beltrán de la Cueva was appointed captain general of the Spanish Army, and commander-in-chief of the English Army in France (under queen Mary I of England).
The filmmakers follow Mihai to his family's home in the town of Constanța.
He wrote 180 more.
However, his most notable contribution is the notion of "Umwelt", used by semiotician Thomas Sebeok and philosopher Martin Heidegger.
Elizabeth Scott, was the daughter of Sir William Stafford and Dorothy Stafford, and the wife of Sir William Drury.
Darkness at Noon is a novel by Arthur Koestler.
The Man with the Fake Banknote or The Man with the Counterfeit Money( German: Der Mann mit der falschen Banknote) is a 1927 German silent crime film directed by Romano Mengon and starring Nils Asther, Vivian Gibson and Margarete Lanner.
Hugh established a priory of Marmountier at Le Puiset.
Vi gifter oss" (1951).
In 2013, he announced that "Rangrezz" would be his last Hindi film for a while and shifted focus to Malayalam cinema.
Anna Marie of Brunswick-Lüneburg (also: "Anna Maria of Brunswick-Göttingen-Calenberg"; ; born: 23 April 1532 in Hann.
Wenceslaus II of Cieszyn
He was executed on 11 January 1978.
Fabio Ravezzani( Milan, Italy, February 24, 1960) is an Italian sports journalist and TV presenter of Qui studio a voi stadio.
She was also ruling Duchess of Brittany from 1514.
Richard Ballard( born January 26, 1994) is an American soccer player who plays for Louisville City FC in the United Soccer League.
Robert G. Springsteen (September 8, 1904 – December 9, 1989) was an American director of Hollywood B movies and television shows.
Alfio Musmarra( born May 30, 1976 in Taurianova, Italy) is an Italian sports journalist and TV presenter of Qui studio a voi stadio.
He also directed 138 films between 1912 and 1930.
Next, he was a partner in the merchant bank Charterhouse Capital Partners from 2006 to 2016; coincidentally, one of his professional rivals, Jean- Christophe, Prince Napoléon, is a descendant of the first Duke of Wellington's adversary, Napoleon Bonaparte.
Most likely, it was derived from the French delicacy known as "bûche cakes", which are traditional desserts shaped like miniature logs made of sponge cake.
Hart achieved an early degree of fame when he became the youngest wrestler to be signed to the World Wrestling Federation (now WWE).
At the 1978 All-Africa games she won the 800 metres race.
He died on 20 January 1792 at age 75.
She would go on to star in television and in feature films such as the drama "One Summer Love", and the horror film "Alice, Sweet Alice" (both 1976).
She is commemorated on November 23.
Frederiek Nolf( 10 February 1987 – 5 February 2009) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer, who died in Doha in his sleep of an apparent heart attack between stages 4 and 5 of the 2009 Tour of Qatar.
La polizia è al servizio del cittadino?
It is based on Frank Crisp's novel "The Night Callers".
Iwamura( written: 岩村 lit." rock village") is a Japanese surname.
Zhu then placed Zhaozong's 13-year-old son as a puppet emperor (as Emperor Ai).
As Reinald died without legitimate issue, the Duchy of Jülich descended to Adolf, Duke of Berg, son of Reinald's cousin William VII of Jülich, 1st Duke of Berg.
Benito Perojo (Madrid, 14 June 1894 – Madrid, 11 November 1974) was a successful Spanish film director and film producer.
Andrew Disney is a Texas filmmaker and writer.
By his wife, Mary Butler( daughter of Colonel Richard Butler, grandson of Walter Butler, 11th Earl of Ormonde and Lady Frances Tuchet, daughter of Mervyn Tuchet, 2nd Earl of Castlehaven), he had issue:
Shortly after public celebrations of his 70th birthday in Birmingham, he was disabled by a stroke, ending his public career.
A version in French was written by Serge Rohde.
Egoyan later received the Governor General's Performing Arts Award, Canada's highest royal honour in the performing arts, in 2015.
Among others, he presided over the case where Vidkun Quisling was sentenced to death for high treason.
Brereton had a close personal relationship with Queen Anne, to the extent that she may have named one of her lap dogs after him.
In July 2011, it became the first single of the decade to sell a million units in the UK
The song was accompanied by a provocative music video, which established Sabrina's image as a sex symbol.
Gare de Cannes or" Cannes- Ville" is the main railway station for the French Southern city of Cannes.
Though not a financial success, the film was lauded by critics, and garnered Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love, Edward Norton and director Miloš Forman multiple accolades and award nominations.
Jason Miller (born John Anthony Miller; April 22, 1939May 13, 2001) was an American actor and playwright.
Albert Frederick (7 May 1553 – 28 August 1618) was the Duke of Prussia, from 1568 until his death.
Edouard A. Stackpole (December 7, 1903 – September 2, 1993) was an American journalist, museum curator, whaling historian and author.
He has won 19 Grammy Awards (including a Lifetime Achievement Award, presented in 2001) and two Emmy Awards, and was named an NEA Jazz Master and a Kennedy Center Honoree.
Wilhelm Münter Rolfsen( 11 May 1913 – 8 December 2002) was a Norwegian barrister, resistance member and film producer.
Baughman was appointed to head the Secret Service by President Harry S. Truman shortly after the 1948 election.
The film was selected as the Colombian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 53rd Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Wayne Philip Colin Sleep( born 17 July 1948) is a British dancer, director, choreographer, and actor who appeared on the BBC series" The Real Marigold on Tour" and" The Real Full Monty"( ITV).
Colin Reader is an English geologist with an interest in Ancient Egypt.
The 1985 script began life as
He went on several bombing raids over Europe and filmed action from the rear gunner's position.
Boy oh Boy is a pop song by the British pop group Racey and it is their fourth single release.
She explains how “ in a practical sense, it ’s complicated to have abandon[ oneself] into a man ’s arms and, at the same time, stay very tough because you have to work … ”.
Since the 1990s, Kelly has been the subject of numerous allegations of sexual abuse and misconduct, often with underage girls, all charges he denies.
It is set in Florence in the fifteenth century.
St Mary's is one of four Catholic secondary schools in the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral.
Arthur Gerald Wellesley, Earl of Mornington( born 31 January 1978), also known as simply Arthur Mornington, is the elder son of Charles Wellesley, 9th Duke of Wellington.
Sebastián Iradier Salaverri( Salaberri)( 20 January 18096 December 1865), or Sebastián Yradier, was a Spanish Basque composer.
At the time of her wedding, Jonathan Swift said of her: "the chit is but 17 and is ill-natured, covetous, vicious and proud in extremes."
Critics praised its realism and intimacy, with particular attention drawn to Larson's performance and Cretton's screenplay and direction.
African Independence is a 2013 feature- length documentary film and the directorial debut of sociologist Tukufu Zuberi, who also hosts the film.
The leading roles are played by Tushar Dalvi, Supriya Vinod, Sulbha Deshpande, Sanjay Mone, Sandeep Pathak, Bhagyashri Pane, Praharsh Naik, Soham Kolvankar and Milind Phatak who are prominent actors from the Indian film industry.
It stars Bert Lytell, Gertrude Selby, and Frank Currier, and was released on August 4, 1919.
Sir Horace John Wilson,( 23 August 1882 – 19 May 1972) was a senior British government official who had a key role with government of Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain in the appeasement period just prior to the Second World War.
The plot is about the anonymous narrator of" In Search of Lost Time" who reflects on his past experiences while lying on his deathbed.
She appeared in films such as" Yo quiero ser bataclana"( 1941)," Ven ... mi corazón te llama"( 1942) and" Mujeres que bailan"( 1949).
Through her daughter Augusta, she was the great grandmother of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.
He spent five and a half seasons with Gent but was plagued by recurring injuries throughout his time there.
He too became a successful jeweler and was one of the first subscribers to the Dutch West India Company upon its conception.
He served as Bishop of Brechin in the Scottish Episcopal Church from 1997 to 2005.
He served as the Governor of Ceará from April 5, 2002, to January 1, 2003, following the resignation of his predecessor, Governor Tasso Jereissati.
Claudio Garioni( Milan, Italy, 12 December 1979) is an Italian sports journalist and TV presenter of Qui studio a voi stadio.
May 15, 2008) was an American orchestrator, arranger, and composer of music, primarily for television and film.
I Could Turn Back the Hands of TimeThe World's GreatestI'm a Flirt (Remix)", and the hip-hopera "Trapped in the Closet".
BMI named "Imagine" one of the 100 most-performed songs of the 20th century.
He matriculated at Brasenose College, Oxford, on 15 December 1592, aged 12.
Louis and Jeanne had no children and, after his death, Chiny reverted to his nephew Arnold V of Looz.
His maternal grandparents were William Herbert, 1st Earl of Pembroke and Anne Devereux.
James Francis( Jacobo Francisco) Fitz- James Stuart, 2nd Duke of Berwick, 2nd Duke of Liria and Xérica( Saint- Germain- en- Laye, France, 21 October
The earldom of Chester was recreated for Simon de Montfort in 1264, and the earldom of Huntingdon was recreated in 1337 for William de Clinton.
Sixteen  is a 1943 Argentine film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen.
Moore spent one season in the league with the 1948 Rockford Peaches champion team.
Gaudemunda Sophia of Lithuania( also Gaudimantė; c. 1260 – 1288/1313) was the daughter of Traidenis, Grand Duke of Lithuania( c. 1270 – 1282).
Several factors, including attitudes to his vocal opposition to slavery, his support for immigrants and Catholics, and his association with editor and political boss Thurlow Weed, worked against him, and Abraham Lincoln secured the presidential nomination.
He was a grandson of Fu Xie( 傅燮), a son of Fu Gan( 傅幹), and the father of Fu Xian( 傅咸).
His most popular films include" Scarface"( 1932)," Bringing Up Baby"( 1938)," Only Angels Have Wings"( 1939)," His Girl Friday"( 1940)," To Have and Have Not"( 1944)," The Big Sleep"( 1946)," Red River"( 1948)," The Thing from Another World"( 1951)," Gentlemen Prefer Blondes"( 1953), and" Rio Bravo"( 1959).
The Trouble with Girls, the full title of which is The Trouble with Girls( and How to Get into It), is a 1969 film directed by Peter Tewksbury and starring Elvis Presley.
It is the first starring role of Manilyn Reynes before the following sequels.
Despite the resulting notoriety among actors, many of Kubrick's films broke new ground in cinematography.
He has also written on this topic in" The Charleston Advisor", in" Nature", in" Learned Publishing", and elsewhere.
Thomas Tidholm (born in Örebro on 11 April 1943) is a Swedish children's writer, poet, playwright, photographer, translator, and musician.
David was the youngest son of Walter Ogilvy, who was" de jure" 8th Earl of Airlie, and Jean Ogilvy.
Alexander" Sandy" Air( born March 25, 1928) was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Whitby Dunlops.
and also the 48- hour run road discipline.
It was released on DVD and Blu-ray in North America by The Criterion Collection in February 2010.
James Tuchet, 3rd Earl of Castlehaven( c. 1617 – 11 October 1684) was the son of Mervyn Tuchet, 2nd Earl of Castlehaven and his first wife, Elizabeth Barnham( 1592 – c. 1622).
Some of his films are remembered for introducing rising actors and actresses to the screen before they became famous.
The Secret of the Sword is a 1985 American animated film produced by Filmation.
Directed by Jean Hersholt and Lewis H. Moomaw, the script was written by Elizabeth Mahoney.
In 1987, he started 5 more secondary schools in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Alappuzha, Pathanapuram and Kayamkulam.
Filming locations included Spain, Italy, West Germany, Jordan, the United Kingdom, and the United States.
He was educated at Wellington and joined the Bank of England in 1937.
Marie was daughter of Reginald II, Duke of Guelders and Sophie Berthout, lady of Malines.
Paul van Ass( born 16 August 1960, Bergschenhoek) is a Dutch field hockey coach.
The film was produced by Ray Rocket and distributed through First National Pictures.
The Hungarian and Polish armies occupied the principality in late 1214.
Mithun Sharma (born 11 January 1985), also known as Mithoon, is an Indian Hindi film music director, lyricist-music composer and singer.
" Ant- Man" held its world premiere in Los Angeles on June 29, 2015, and was released in the United States on July 17, 2015, in 3D and IMAX 3D.
He subsequently originated roles in Broadway productions of "My 3 Angels" and "The Rainmaker" (both 1954), and went on to star in a further four Broadway productions before the end of the decade.
In February 2019, in an "unprecedented" move, Ubol Ratana announced her candidacy for Prime Minister of Thailand in the 2019 general election, running as a candidate of the Thaksin-allied Thai Raksa Chart Party.
Felix Körling also wrote children's songs.
In the 1930s, Lessey worked as a model for men's clothes.
It marked Adam Driver's film debut.
It was produced and distributed by First National Pictures.
Music of the film has been composed by Ashok Bhadra.
Hristo Nikolov Makedonski or Hristo Makedonski( 1835 in Gorni Todorak, today Greece – July 5, 1916 in Ruse, Bulgaria) was a Bulgarian hajduk voivode and revolutionary from Macedonia.
Adib Kheir was a leading Syrian nationalist of the 1920s.
It s length is( including its source river Cracăul Alb) and it s basin size is.
The property is owned by RailCorp, an agency of the Government of New South Wales.
In the late 1990s she began producing, first in theatre before moving into film production.
She is the wife of Sunday Omobolanle, a 64- year- old Nigerian comic actor, playwright, film director, and producer.
He worked during the silent period as a prop boy and stuntman, and directed primarily for 20th Century Fox in the 1930s and 1940s.
He is the son -in- law of actress Rosalind Knight and brother- in- law of actress Susannah Elliott- Knight.
The Adventures of Hal 5 is a 1958 British adventure film from the Children's Film Foundation( CCF).
( 2 October 1947 – 11 January 1978) was an alleged Croatian terrorist sentenced to death four times by a Yugoslav court which accused him of bombing the Belgrade cinema" 20. oktobar" on 13 July 1968, which left one person dead and 89 others maimed or injured.
He served during the period that Henry III regained control of the government from the barons.
When The Mountains Tremble is a 1983 documentary film produced by Skylight Pictures about the war between the Guatemalan Military and the Mayan Indigenous population of Guatemala.
Born Wei Si( 魏斯), he belonged to the House of Wei, one of the noble houses that dominated Jin politics in the 5th and 6th centuries BC.
Reginald Le Borg( 11 December 1902 – 25 March 1989) was an Austrian film director.
degree in 1970 on the thesis "Sex Roles and Social Structure" (which was also selected for the Norwegian Sociology Canon in 2009–2011), Holter became a pioneer in this field in the Nordic countries.
James Stuart, 8th Earl of Moray KT( 1708 – 5 July 1767) was the son of Francis Stuart, 7th Earl of Moray.
During the late silent and early sound eras, he was a leading director at the large German studio UFA.
He was elected to Parliament in the 2010 general election.
He was the director of the Hood Museum of Art from 2005 to 2010, and the National Gallery of Australia( Canberra) from 1997- 2004.
On the 20th May 2000 Sing A Song Now Now was released in France by East West Records, under the record label Warner Music Group.
Feluda, the sleuth, and Professor Shonku, the scientist in his science fiction stories, are popular fictional characters created by him.
Joseph H. Lewis( April 6, 1907 – August 30, 2000) was an American B-movie film director whose stylish flourishes came to be appreciated by auteur theory- espousing film critics in the years following his retirement in 1966.
The film was shot in 16 days in New York City, and follows Vivienne( Parker), a singer who is diagnosed with a glioblastoma.
He is best known for his directorial "Garm Hava" (1973), which was based on the partition of India.
It was released theatrically in North America on February 14, 2013.
She encounters many characters from the Oz canon and some new characters, learns several magic spells, and uncovers the answer to a dark secret that has haunted Petra all her life.
He has been nominated for a number of accolades at the South African Music Awards and the Metro FM Music Awards.
He made his feature film debut in 1942 with "Aniki-Bóbó" and continued to make shorts and documentaries for the next 30 years, gaining a minimal amount of recognition without being considered a major world film director.
Her divorce in 1978 received much negative publicity, and she was romantically associated with several men.
He was born in Nice, the son of actress
From 1989 to 1992, he had a recurring role opposite Candace Bergen on the sitcom "Murphy Brown", playing the title character's father, for which he was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series.
Thus, she otherwise sought a protector and provider.
In 2012 his orchestrations were performed in" Singin' in the Rain" at the Palace Theatre in London.
She was the wife of William Louis, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg.
El Robo al tren correo(" The Mail Train Robbery") is a 1964 Mexican film.
She has a son named Dexter Yeung, who stars in the 2008 TVB Series "Wasabi Mon Amour" and "Moonlight Resonance".
Leeton railway station is a heritage- listed former goods yard and railway station and now bus station and railway station is located on the Yanco- Griffith line at Dunn Avenue in Leeton in the Leeton Shire local government area of New South Wales, Australia.
His 1959 film" Die unvollkommene Ehe" was entered into the 1st Moscow International Film Festival.
She was finally reconciled with her father in 1784, when he legitimised her and created her Duchess of Albany in the Jacobite Peerage.
Chappell& Co. was an English company that published music and manufactured pianos.
Its name originates from Stari Most in Bosnia- Herzegovina.
Langdon Kihn (September 5, 1898 – December 12, 1957) was a portrait painter and illustrator specializing in portraits of American Indians.
It was directed by Richard Attenborough with a screenplay by William Nicholson based on his 1985 television film and 1989 stage play of the same name.
He died of injuries suffered in combat on Mount Kochersberg (northwest of Strasbourg).
In 2016, she started a stand- up comedy platform called Stand Up HK 香港是但噏- the only English and Cantonese stand up company in Hong Kong for local comedians.
His son Prakash Shah is a practicing CPA in Salinas, California and runs a CPA firm by the name Stevens, Sloan,& Shah.
In 2001 he published" The Best Thing That Can Happen to a Croissant"( original title:" Lo mejor que le puede pasar a un cruasán"), which won the Tigre Juan Award.
She was a niece of Frederick the Great, being the second daughter and third child of Prince Augustus Ferdinand of Prussia by his wife Margravine Elisabeth Louise of Brandenburg-Schwedt.
The canal intercepts several tributaries of the right bank of the Crișul Negru, and crosses the Criș Collector Canal near Tulca.
He was the first of a series of Iraqi Christian officials who would come to play a significant role in the Caliphate's administration during the 9th century.
The pledge was legalized under Executive Order No. 343, finalized by the National Commission for Culture and the Arts from a draft prepared by the Commission on the Filipino Language, approved by then- President Fidel V. Ramos on Independence Day( June 12), 1996, and subsequently by the Flag and Heraldic Code of the Philippines, or Republic Act No. 8491.
Venus Beauty Institute, also known as Venus Beauty, is a 1999 French romantic comedy.
The magazine was self- published by a feminist collective during the era of the women's liberation movement, and its content included a very wide range of feminist positions and interdisciplinary art forms, in addition to work that connected the local scene to a more international network.
These include a" separation" shot in which a single, unbroken shot splits into two separate shots that can be viewed simultaneously through either the left or the right eye, and then returns to one single 3 D shot.
Erle C. Kenton (August 1, 1896 – January 28, 1980) was an American film director.
He married Doña Constanza de Leiva, daughter of the principe di Ascoli, and later( 1549) Doña María Fernández de la Córdoba, daughter of Luis Fernández de Córdoba, 2nd Marquis of Comares.
When al- Muwaffaq died in June 891 al- Mu'tadid succeeded him as regent.
Sporus was a young boy whom the Roman Emperor Nero supposedly favored, had castrated, and married.
They had at least one child: Upon his death, Richar, was succeeded as Count of Mons by Renaud.
He became well-established as the producer/director of silent crime films.
" Ismat ad- Din" is a" laqab"( the descriptive part of an Arabic name) meaning" purity of the faith Khatun" is an honorific meaning" lady" or" noblewoman".
Following Suramarit's death in 1960, Sihanouk became head of state once more (although he did not formally regain the title of king until 1993).
He succeeded his brother as Earl of Castlehaven and Baron Audley on 6 May 1769.
He was a political organizer and newspaper editor for the party, and was elected to the House of Representatives first in 1910 and then again in 1922 until 1949.
During the filming of" Kansas City", musicians including Jay McShann posed for" A Great Day in Kansas City."
He died of thirst in prison in 849.
Edith Irene Bailey Baker( November 17, 1901 – April 2, 1994) was an American politician and a United States Representative from Tennessee.
In 1898 his father Jassim bin Mohammed Al Thani selected him to become the governor of the Al Wakrah area.
During the early years of his reign, Nero was content to be guided by his mother, his tutor Lucius Annaeus Seneca, and his Praetorian prefect Sextus Afranius Burrus.
The film was directed by J.J. Madan and starred Nissar and Jehanara Kajjan.
He has been the recipient of international, national, state and other awards for 20 of his 34 Kannada movies in the last 40 years.
Léopold Demers( 14 August 1912 – 21 November 1990) was a Liberal party member of the House of Commons of Canada.
He was the singer of indie punk band Carter the Unstoppable Sex Machine.
Marion Marlowe( born Marion Townsend; March 7, 1929 – March 24, 2012) was an American singer and actress.
William Graham, 2nd Earl of Montrose( 1492 – 24 May 1571) was a Scottish nobleman and statesman, who successfully steered a moderate course through the treacherous waters of mid-16th century Scottish politics.
Anne Denman( 1587–1661) was born in Olde Hall, Retford, Nottinghamshire.
Casimir II of Cieszyn  (– 13 December 1528) was a Duke of Cieszyn since 1477, ruler over Koźle during 1479–1509, since 1493 ruler over Wołów, over Pszczyna during 1498–1517, from 1506 over Opava, Duke of Głogów since 1506 (for life).
On stage, Lessey appeared in the original Broadway production of" Porgy and Bess"( 1935) in one of the few white roles, that of the lawyer Mr. Archdale.
He is also a DJ and music producer.
The series also enabled Warner Bros. to create Reagan's screen persona, with Reagan even showing up to the set of" Code of the Secret Service" and asking director Noel M. Smith," When do I fight and whom?"
Walo was killed by the Turks during the Siege of Antioch on 20 May 1098.
He was also an actor of Fotoromanzi.
Hedwig of Cieszyn( 1469 – 6 April 1521) was a Polish princess.
James Cranfield, 2nd Earl of Middlesex( 1621 – 16 September 1651), styled Lord Cranfield from 1622 until 1645, was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 and inherited his peerage in 1645.
Elisabeth of Nassau-Dillenburg (1 December 1488 – 3 June 1559 in Dillenburg) was a member of the House of Nassau.
His other notable films include "The Last House on the Left" (1972), "The Hills Have Eyes" (1977), "Swamp Thing" (1982), "The Serpent and the Rainbow" (1988), "Shocker" (1989), "The People Under the Stairs" (1991), "Vampire in Brooklyn" (1995), "Music of the Heart" (1999), and "Red Eye" (2005).
Romero is often noted as an influential pioneer of the horror film genre and has been called an" icon" and the" Father of the Zombie Film."
She had previously served in the position of deputy representative during the terms 1981–1985.
She was the fourth child and only daughter of Wenceslaus I, Duke of Legnica and his wife Anna, daughter of Casimir I, Duke of Cieszyn.
Aung Thet Mann is married to Khin Hnin Thandar.
Edward died on 24 August 1371, having been mortally wounded in the Battle of Baesweiler, and Reginald was released( according to the legend, the walls had to be cut away so he could leave); he held the ducal throne for only a short period, dying a few months later.
Daphne and the Pirate is a 1916 American drama film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Lillian Gish.
Similarly, Switzerland uses the concept of" Heimatortlieu d'origineluogo d'origineplace of origin" in German, French and Italian respectively).
He directed more than 40 films between 1956 and 1991.
The Fighting Hombre is a 1927 American silent western film directed by Jack Nelson and starring Bob Custer, Mary O'Day and Bert Sprotte.
The film was produced by Bryan Foy who was head of Warners B picture unit until 1942.
Archduchess Eleanor of Austria (2 November 1534 – 5 August 1594) was a Duchess of Mantua by marriage to William I, Duke of Mantua.
Vadakakku Oru Hridayam is a 1978 Malayalam film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by Padmarajan.
Bagman may also refer to:
Never Have to Be Alone is a song by American gospel singer CeCe Winans, released in 2017.
Hubert Marischka( 27 August 1882 – 4 December 1959), brother of Ernst Marischka, was an Austrian operetta tenor, actor, film director and screenwriter.
Each movie of the trilogy features the antics of the bumbling Lemon Grove Kids.
It was released first in the United States on a limited edition double vinyl LP on August 25, 2009, then on CD on September 22.
Shake, Rattle and Roll 8 is a 2006 horror film and was an entry for the 32nd Metro Manila Film Festival.
During the early 1980s, he began a business partnership with producer Martine Marignac, who produced all his subsequent films.
In the same year he married Margaret Roberts (1868–1943), the elder daughter of Sir Owen Roberts of Plas Dinas, Caernarfon.
Stöhr is member of the European Filmacademy, lectures film at "Film Academy Baden-WürttembergDeutsche
Bond of Strangers: The Operation Husky Story is a 2015 historical military documentary, produced and directed by Max Fraser, that chronicles a 300 km-trek made by 10 Canadians through the mountains of Sicily in honour of the sacrifices of the Canadian soldiers who served there during the Second World War.
Nicolas Alexis Julio Nkoulou Ndoubena( born 27 March 1990), commonly referred to as Nicolas Nkoulou, is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Italian club Torino and the Cameroon national team.
Cenn Fáelad mac Colgan (died 682) was a King of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta.
He was responsible for completing Castle Stuart on the banks of the Moray Firth.
The music and the concept itself is a parody of the song "Baby Cakes" by the African-American singer Dee Dee Sharp, released in 1962.
Margaret was the regent of Mantua as the guardian of her two sons from 1540 until 1556 in companionship with her brother-in-law.
The name of Sobe first appears in writings of about the 8th century by Hippolytus of Thebes, Andrew of Crete, and Epiphanius Monachus, and later in Nicephorus Callistus and Andronicus.
By him, she had three children: two daughters, Marie Victoire and Charlotte, and finally a son, Charles Edward.
Yeshaq I or Isaac (throne name:
In 2000, Eastwood was awarded the Italian Venice Film Festival Golden Lion for lifetime achievement.
After Guy ’s death, Helvide became a nun at Jully- les- Nonnains.
Josser on the Farm is a 1934 British comedy film directed by T. Hayes Hunter and starring Ernie Lotinga, Betty Astell and Garry Marsh.
These plumes came from woodpeckers, bluebirds, owls, herons and warblers, thousands of which were killed each year.
The duke was in financial difficulty, and died on 23 October 1732, aged 24, in Corunna, Spain, and Anne became Dowager Duchess, as the dukedom passed to her husband's brother.
She is currently 23rd in the line of succession to the British throne, after her father and brother.
In the late 1970s he mainly worked with a group of actors known as the Venom Mob.
His most expensive and also most successful film was" San Diego, I Love You"( 1944) featuring Buster Keaton in a supporting role.
Louise Anne de Bourbon," Mademoiselle de Charolais"( 23 June 1695 – 8 April 1758) was a French noblewoman, the daughter of Louis III de Bourbon, Prince of Condé.
He is the husband of Lindsay Davenport.
William Albert Henry( November 10, 1914 – August 10, 1982) was an American actor who worked in both films and television.
Guy I( died 1095) was the second lord of Bray and the second lord of Montlhéry( Latin:" Monte Leterico").
He was active on the Chicago blues circuit from the 1950s to the 1980s.
Her major label debut "Born to Die" (2012) proved an international success and spawned her only top-ten single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 with the Cedric Gervais remix of "Summertime Sadness", as well as the internationally successful singles "Blue JeansBorn to Die", and "National Anthem".
After graduating from the University of North Carolina, he established a law practice and plantation near Nashville, Tennessee.
He also directed Krishna and N.T.R to act together in" Vayyari Bhamalu Vagalamari Bhartalu" in 1982, which happened to be a silver jubilee hit movie in Telugu cinema.
Del Rey released the Grammy-nominated EP, "Paradise" in 2012.
He began in the film industry in front of the camera, as an actor in silent films and film shorts during the 1910s, before moving behind the camera in 1920.
She made more than 230 films in a variety of genres: from traditional Cantonese opera and wuxia movies to contemporary youth musicals; action films to comedies; melodramas and romances.
Outside her music career, Björk starred in the 2000 Lars von Trier film "Dancer in the Dark", for which she won the Best Actress Award at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival, and was nominated for Academy Award for Best Original Song for
Engin Fırat( born 11 June 1970) is a German Turkish football manager who is the current manager of the Moldova national team.
Godfrey surprised the Bishop (who escaped) and sacked Verdun, burning the cathedral.
A biography of Sinclair notes that the archduke sent a copy of his work, “a large octavo volume handsomely bound It is a most important and valuable philological work comparing the gypsy words with Sanskrit, Hindustani Persian, etc.”
Walfredo de los Reyes Sr. is a Cuban percussionist, timbalero, and educator, in the fields of session recording, live performance, and clinics.
It was released on November 26, 1937, by 20th Century Fox.
Sophia had three siblings: Stanislaus I of Masovia, Janusz III of Masovia and Anna of Masovia, both her brothers died childless and so Anna and Sophia were the last Masovian Piasts.
He co-founded the organization Concerned Artists of the Philippines( CAP), dedicated to helping artists address issues confronting the country, and the Free the Artist Movement and was a member of the Coalition for the Restoration of Democracy.
Despite the similarity in name to its larger counterpart, Kansas City, is an independent municipality part of the Kansas City metropolitan area.
Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark( 13 February 1904 – 15 April 1974) was the fifth child and second daughter of Constantine I of Greece and his wife, the former Princess Sophie of Prussia.
Breakaway Airport is an airport located in Cedar Park, Texas.
The title refers to the different chromosome pairings present in men and women.
It was written and directed by Chantal Akerman.
He was re-elected in 1661 for the Cavalier Parliament and sat until 1679.
He succeeded his father as Count of Brienne and Ligny in 1557.
From 1645 to 1649 he studied in Basel.
Reunion is a 1936 film produced by 20th Century Fox and directed by Norman Taurog.
A few sources paint Nero in a more favorable light.
He directed 50 films between 1920 and 1930.
He was also the father- in- law of Field Marshal Gen Sugiyama.
He inherited the title of Baron St John of Bletso on the death of his father in 1757.
In many countries, this also means that the government requires that the birth of the new baby is registered in the place of birth.
Rudolph Maté( 21 January 1898 – 27 October 1964), born Rudolf Mayer, was a Polish- Hungarian- American cinematographer, film director and film producer who worked as cameraman and cinematographer in Hungary, Austria, Germany, France and the United Kingdom, before moving to Hollywood in the mid 1930s.
Van Rensselaer was the son of Hendrick Kiliaensz van Rensselaer, a soldier from Nijkerk in the "States army of the duke of Upper Saxony", and Maria Pafraet, descendant of a well-known printers' dynasty.
In 1988 he portrayed the artist Oswald Oberhuber in" Das Fragmentarische in der Kunst".
The script is based on the true story of the Battle of Kolwezi that happened in 1978.
He is the grandfather of Tom Hawkins.
Rebecca Hazelton Stafford (born 1978) is an American poet, editor and critic.
The place of birth of such a person depends on the law of the countries involved, which include the nationality of the plane or ship, the nationality( ies) of the parents and/ or the location of the plane or ship( if the birth occurs in the territorial waters or airspace of a country).
The songs in" Let's Make Music" include the classic" Big Noise from Winnetka".
She was the first Duchess of Augustenborg by marriage.
Claes Ingvar Eriksson( born 27 July 1950) is a Swedish director, screenwriter, revue artist, comedian, actor and composer.
Publius Licinius Egnatius Marinianus (c. 249-268) was the third and youngest son of Roman Emperor Gallienus and "Augusta" Cornelia Salonina.
As he was still a minor, Mu'in ad- Din Unur was named vizier.
It was the debut feature by the Iranian director Amir Naderi, and starred Zakaria Hashemi, Jalal Pishvaian and Saeed Rad.
The Woman with a Broken Nose is a 2010 Serbian comedy film directed by Srđan Koljević.
Jacob Hoefnagel (also 'Jacobus', 'Jakob' or 'Jakub") (1573 in Antwerp – c.1632 in Dutch Republic or Hamburg), was a Flemish painter, printmaker, miniaturist, draftsman, art dealer, diplomat, merchant and politician.
Both his first- class games were for Oxford University, one of which was a varsity match.
Lewis Williamson( born 11 November 1989) is a British racing driver.
He was a Member( MP) of the Parliament of England for Chippenham.
Rodríguez rose to fame to Pedro Infante, and directed many major stars, including Dolores del Río, María Félix, Toshiro Mifune, Jorge Ne grete, Sara García, Luis Agui lar, Tito Guízar, Gloria Marín, Carmelita González, Antonio Aguilar, Columba Domínguez or Flor Silvestreas.
Its school teams were originally the Indians, but this was later changed in 2001 to the Wolves.
The film stars Ann Dvorak, Smith Ballew, and Harry Carey.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Edward C. Jewell and Perry Smith.
The Civic Museum of Crema( Italian: Museo civico di Crema e del Cremasco) is an Italian museum, located in Crema.
There have been two previous film adaptations of the novel in 1925 and 1935.
What is Death?,
He also played the title role in the blaxploitation parody film" Black Dynamite", as well as the animated series of the same name.
At twenty- seven Angerer was the oldest of the four climbers who died.
At its confluence with the Cracăul Negru in Magazia, the river Cracău is formed.
Some people experience aura without a subsequent migraine or seizure( see silent migraine).
By 993 Charles had died and Hugh had imprisoned Louis in Orléans.
He is best known for his stage play" The Whales of August" and its 1987 screen adaptation, for which he also wrote the screenplay.
Turkmen media referred to him using the title "His Excellency Saparmurat Türkmenbaşy, President of Turkmenistan and Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers".
The film premiered at the 2018 Toronto International Film Festival.
The film is based on the novel by Richard Gordon.
Hip Hop Artist between 1985-2010 and the most successful R&B artist in history.
Sir Cory Francis Cory- Wright, 1st Baronet Cory- Wright held the office of Deputy Lieutenant( DL) of Middlesex and was a Justice of the Peace( JP) for Middlesex and London.
Henry Walter Moore( 1849 – 20 August 1916) was an English- born first- class cricketer who spent most of his life in New Zealand.
Dollar is a 1938 Swedish comedy film directed by Gustaf Molander and starring Ingrid Bergman, Georg Rydeberg and Tutta Rolf.
Additional film credits include "Airport '77" (1977) and "Hot Lead and Cold Feet" (1978).
She was the mother of the 4th Earl of Jersey.
Because of annexation, Route 1 travels to the north out of North Kansas City and enters Kansas City proper before passing through Gladstone and re-entering Kansas City.
This was largely due to the work Eirene did to ensure some power and property to her own offspring.
He won the Academy Award for Best Assistant Director for" In Old Chicago", the last time that category was offered.
Anders Eriksson, who is also a member of the group, is Claes Eriksson's younger brother.
Aubrey Dollar( born September 23, 1980) is an American television and film actress.
She was a daughter of the French king Louis XII of France and Anne of Brittany.
He was the second son of Henry V, Count of Luxembourg and Margaret of Bar.
He died in New York City in 1952 at the age of 65.
He had made this subject a study of years.
Henry II
JJ Feild, Oliver Platt and Connie Britton also feature.
This film was released in two parts: Joan the Maid, Part 1:
On the Disk Jockey chart, it peaked at #18; on the composite chart of the top 100 songs, it reached #41.
it focuses on a stubborn survivor of a sunken merchant ship who is consumed in his quest for revenge and retribution against the German submarine which had sunk his ship.
It carried news of events affecting all areas of women's lives, and particularly focused on features that demonstrated the breadth of support among the general population for women's suffrage in the United Kingdom.
The Bible records only that Elizabeth was a descendant of Aaron and a cousin( or relative) of Mary.
It is long.
In his subsequent campaigns to take the Moselle region, Godfrey met with stiff resistance from Gerard and was forced to renounce his claims and reconcile with the Bishop.
Seton was a son of Sir John de Seton of Skelton, Cumberland and Erminia Lascelles.
Scorsese's body of work explores such themes as Italian- American identity, Catholic concepts of guilt and redemption, faith, machismo, modern crime, and gang conflict.
Jerrold Wexler( June 27, 1924 – November 10, 1992) was a noted American businessman and film producer.
Benavides was the eldest son of Manuel de Benavides y Rodríguez-Zambrano, Major of the Hermandad for the noble state in 1808, and his wife Francisca de Paula Fernández de Navarrete y Motilla.
William Sanford Nye( born November 27, 1955), popularly known as Bill
The Mark of Zorro is a 1940 American black- and- white swashbuckling Spanish Western adventure film from 20th Century Fox, produced by Darryl F. Zanuck, directed by Rouben Mamoulian, that stars Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, and Basil Rathbone.
Adam Steffey( born November 24, 1965) is an American mandolin player, best known for playing in the bluegrass and old- time styles.
(as her second husband)
For 31 years he governed the knights, the Bailiwick of Brandenburg, and its fiefs as Grand Master of the Order of St. John, having been installed at Sonnenburg in 1731.
He was succeeded as Count of Looz by his brother Arnold, and was the last recorded Count of Duras.
Lars Sven" Lasse" Hallström( born 2 June 1946) is a Swedish film director.
She is Chief Executive of 10 Star Entertainment - a production company set up in 2009 with investment from Fremantle Media.
The film starred Josef Kemr.
With her sisters, Elizabeth de Clare and Margaret de Clare, she inherited her father's estates after the death of her brother, Gilbert de Clare, 8th Earl of Gloucester, 7th Earl of Hereford at the Battle of Bannockburn in 1314.
Tamariz performed at FISM in 2006 Stockholm, 2009 Beijing China, 2015 Rimini Italy and 2018 Busan South Korea.
No further information survives about Fulco's work in Estonia, or whether he ever even got there.
He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker.
It is story is highly based on Rashomon Effect.
John was hung and drawn at Newcastle- upon- Tyne on 4 August 1306.
Aung Thet Mann (born 19 June 1977), also known as Shwe Mann Ko Ko , is a Burmese businessman and currently CEO of Ayer Shwe Wah, a major Burmese company.
Ye was a member of the 9th Politburo of the Communist Party of China.
Maria Anna Amalia of Courland (12 June 1653 – 16 June 1711) was a Landgravine of Hesse-Kassel through her marriage on 21 May 1673 to her first cousin Charles I, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel.
During his career he was distinguished by bravery, coolness and military acumen.
The maternal nephew and first cousin of Franz I of Liechtenstein, Prince Aloys renounced his rights to the succession on 26 February 1923, in favor of his son Franz Joseph II.
In 1986, he established his own film production company, El Deseo, with his younger brother Agustín Almodóvar, responsible for producing all of his films since" Law of Desire"( 1987).
Laxmikant – Pyarelal won their first Filmfare award for composing this song.
He was National President of the Canadian Authors' Association from 1972 to 1975 and was made Honorary President in 2001.
He is the stepfather of Justin Welby, the Archbishop of Canterbury.
The station was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
The line is owned by the Port of Little Rock.
Benny Rubinstein is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya and Hapoel Netanya, who now works in Real estate development.
He was born Xiong Zhen( 熊珍) and King Zhao was his posthumous title.
He tried for many years in Holland-Zeeland to enforce claims against the House of Wittelsbach but failed.
Tony Day( born 14 April 1965) is a British swimmer.
Very little else is known about William's activities.
Saint- Victor- de-Malcap is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
He became ruler in 395 BCE upon the death of his father.
He was best known for co-owning The Cannon Group with his cousin Yoram Globus.
Minaj has sold 30 million singles as a lead artist, 60 million singles as a featured artist, and over five million albums worldwide, making her one of the world's best-selling music artists.
Thiele made a second film about Nitribitt," Rosemary's Daughter", which was released in 1976.
Umar had two other wives and had three sons and five daughters from his wives.
He became a household name as the director of" Jaws"( 1975), which was critically and commercially successful and is considered the first summer blockbuster.
Chah -e Ali Baqery( also Romanized as Chāh- e ʿ Alī Bāqery) is a village in Esfandar Rural District, Bahman District, Abarkuh County, Yazd Province, Iran.
It is not to be confused with the place of birth or place of residence, although two or all three of these locations may be identical depending on the person's circumstances.
He died of a heart attack at the age of 71 in 1981.
It was shown on January 1981 on TV under the title" The Adventures of Prince Florizel".
Margaret Sheila Mackellar Chisholm( 9 September 1895 – 13 October 1969) was an Australian socialite and" it girl" in British high society during and after World War I.
The following year, Andrew occupied Hum.
Cleopatra became the mother-in-law of Philip’s wife and niece Salome.
10 Terrorists is a 2012 Australian black comedy film, directed by Dee McLachlan.
Was released on 2002 as the first single of his debut studio album Pleezbaleevit!, with the record labels TVT
From 1968 to 1972, he produced more than a dozen records with Ono, including a trilogy of avant-garde albums, his first solo LP "John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band", and the international top 10 singles "Give Peace a ChanceInstant Karma!Imagine" and "Happy Xmas (War Is Over)".
Ben Palmer is a British film and television director who is known for being the director of" Bo' Selecta" and" The Inbetweeners".
Wenrich moved on to New York City around 1907 to work as a Tin Pan Alley composer, but his music retains a Missouri folk flavor.
Entitled" Secret Service Chief", it was a veritable tell- all on the intricacies and inner workings of the Secret Service and its evolution from a counterfeit detection department to the presidential protection unit.
Born on Friedrichsfelde Palace, he was the youngest son of Prince Augustus Ferdinand of Prussia, the brother of King Frederick the Great, and Margravine Elisabeth Louise of Brandenburg- Schwedt.
Payment on Demand is a 1951 drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Bette Davis and Barry Sullivan.
Open Mobile is a mobile network operator offering mobile phone services exclusively in Puerto Rico OpenMobile is a mobile network operator offering mobile phone services exclusively in The Netherlands Open Mobile may also refer to:
Dag Ole Teigen( born 10 August 1982 in Volda) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party( AP).
His brother Frederick Johnson was mayor of Charters Towers, Queensland.
If Nefertiti did rule as Pharaoh, her reign was marked by the fall of Amarna and relocation of the capital back to the traditional city of Thebes.
He was created Prince of Noer or Nør by Emperor Franz Joseph of Austria afterwards.
Helmut Weiss( January 25, 1907 – January 13, 1969) was a German actor, screenwriter and film director.
He was the father of Efren Reyes Jr.
His death from cancer shocked and saddened the Brown community, as few knew about it in advance.
The exact date of his reign is unknown.
In 1913, his father was assassinated and Andrew's elder brother, Constantine, became king.
Season of Love or Seasons of Love may refer to:
He is best known for his work in the action and thriller genres.
All of these were already stronger than Kurt Stille's results, which up to March 2005 were Danish records for men.
He finished 33rd in the individual large hill event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, which was his best career finish.
It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1997 Cannes Film Festival.
Buz appeared on the Youth Gone Mad 1994 album" Day Job".
Professor Marston and the Wonder Women is a 2017 American biographical drama film about American psychologist William Moulton Marston, who created the fictional character Wonder Woman.
Elizabeth is believed to have been her daughter only because both had the same name.
The Libertarian pledge, a statement individuals must sign in order to join the Libertarian Party of the United States, declares," I hereby certify that I do not believe in or advocate the initiation of force as a means of achieving political or social goals."
His film "The Barbarian Invasions" won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film in 2004.
" Sgt. Disco" features Robert Pollard on vocals and Todd Tobias on all instruments and atmospheres.
As a lead artist, she has earned multiple top-ten entries on the "Billboard" Hot 100: "Super Bass" in 2011, "Starships" in 2012, "Bang Bang" and "Anaconda", both in 2014, "MotorSport" in 2017, and "Chun-Li" in 2018.
He died of apoplexy.
The film was directed by Sam Wood, who insisted on no screen credit.
He was married to dancer and actress Lillebil Ibsen.
Frederick William of Brandenburg- Schwedt( 18 March 1715 – 12 September 1744 in Prague) was a Prussian Major General and commander of the Guards on Foot.
Thomas Paget, 3rd Baron Paget( c. 1544 – 1590) was an English peer, the second son of William Paget, 1st Baron Paget.
He subsequently changed his title to Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg in 1825 and founded a line that includes the Royal Houses of Denmark, Greece, Norway, and the Commonwealth realms.
While briefly effective, by 1454, his mother's younger sister had gained control of the County of Aumale.
The community is policed by the Nishnawbe- Aski Police Service, an Aboriginal- based service.
They had eight children, three of whom died in infancy:
During his time in Vancouver he worked on a number of films including directing "Canaries to Clydesdales" about two vets interior of the province as well as "Pacific Highliner", about the fishing industry.
The project takes shape in different ways depending on the institution.
The Legion of Merit of Chile, frequently abbreviated to the" Legion of Merit" or the" Legion", was a Chilean multi-class order of merit established on 1 June 1817 by Bernardo O' Higgins to recognise distinguished personal merit contributing to the independence of Chile or to the nation.
He has performed small roles as an actor, most notably the first ghoul who is stabbed in the head in" Night of the Living Dead", as well as cameos in" There's Always Vanilla" and" House of Frankenstein 1997".
Mantle attended a village school and moved to Idaho Territory in 1870, where he was a telegraph operator and stage agent.
In 1997, he made" Guru", India's official submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Frederick of Denmark( 13 April 1532–7 October 1556) was the youngest son of Frederick I of Denmark and Sophie of Pomerania.
This film has won the Shahid Avini Award offers.
His son Tancred Ibsen, Jr.( 1921–2015) was a Norwegian diplomat.
He married a daughter of Duke Conrad I of Carinthia and had:
Fletcher was Keeper of Mineralogy at the Natural History Museum from 1880 to 1909, and director from 1909 to 1919.
Ray Nazarro (September 25, 1902 – September 8, 1986) was an American film and television director, producer, and screenwriter.
It was part of the long-running Philo Vance series.
Kansas City Confidential is a 1952 American film noir and crime film directed by Phil Karlson starring John Payne and Coleen Gray.
John Hume Egerton, Viscount Alford( 15 October 1812 – 3 January 1851) was a British Tory Member of Parliament from the Egerton family.
In 1753 he was made General Chief Commander in Hungary.
It was directed by Irving Rapper and based on Christine Jorgensen's autobiography.
It contains references to the Virgin Mary and the Holocaust.
The gift was confirmed by a" Domna Toda", who signs right after the king.
He is the father of Ernie Reyes Jr. and Lee Reyes.
In 1806 he was given the title of Prince of Nassau, while his cousin, Prince Frederick Augustus of Nassau- Usingen, became the Duke of Nassau.
On 16 March, a fleet under Martin of Aragon appeared off Capo San Marco, conducted from Sicily for the purpose of putting down Brancaleone's "rebellion."
Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark( 30 May 1906 – 16 October 1969) was the second child and daughter of Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark and Princess Alice of Battenberg, and the second eldest sister of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
George Noel Gittoes( born 7 December 1949) is an Australian artist, film producer, director and writer.
"The Night Watch".
Eventually, that came to an end during the Anti-Rent War.
Their children were::
Upon his death, he was succeeded as Count of Chiny by his brother Louis, and as Count of Looz by his son Arnold.
The film is a sequel to the 1976 remake of" King Kong".
La Cueva is the Spanish word for" cave" and is also used in the surname" de la Cueva".
aft.
The film was made at Julius Hagen's Twickenham Studios, but was released by Gaumont British Distributors which was the largest British film company at the time.
Edward was betrothed in 1368 to Katherine of Bavaria (30 May 1361 – 10 November 1400, buried Kloster Monkhuizen), daughter of Albert I, Duke of Bavaria and Margaret of Brieg.
(2019), received widespread critical acclaim and two Grammy nominations, including Album of the Year.
He married Emily Anne Halliday in 1831.
He died without surviving male issue and was succeeded by his cousin's son, Wilhelm.
At the 7th Canadian Screen Awards, Dan General, Thomas Lambe and Adam Tanuyak won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Original Song for" Trials".
It is about two siblings, Michael and Dylan Adler, twenty-one and eight years old respectively, who run away from home and attempt to start a new life because of a pedophile father.
she was the first Kenyan woman athlete compete at the Olympics.
Seeing service in the Crimean War and the Indian Rebellion of 1857( also known as the Indian Mutiny).
The song is a plea for peace, set against the backdrop of the war of aggression which had recently engulfed Croatia.
From 1796 until 1807 he was Reigning prince of the principality of Anhalt- Bernburg, and from 1807 until 1834 the first Duke of the Duchy of Anhalt- Bernburg.
He disappears from the record mysteriously before the Battle of Sanluri in 1409.
Albert Frederick Pollard (16 December 1869 – 3 August 1948) was a British historian who specialized in the Tudor period.
In 1999, Tedi Sarafian was hired to write the first draft of the script.
Seward did his best to stop the southern states from seceding; once that failed, he devoted himself wholeheartedly to the Union cause.
His work in television includes the pilot episodes of the HBO series" Boardwalk Empire" and" Vinyl", the latter of which he also co-created.
He has done internationally recognized research on plate tectonics and many other areas of geology and planetology.
In a 2007 interview, David, who later co-wrote the 2007 movie version, referred to this version as being" like the crazy cousin in a mental hospital that nobody talks about" and goes on to say that" no one on our side was either involved with it or happy with the final product."
(Moscow – , Bugulma) was a Russian statesman and military officer.
Instead, Andrew forced his elder brother, King Emeric of Hungary, to cede Croatia and Dalmatia as an appanage to him in 1197.
Charles G Bowen was a male athlete who competed for England.
McGavin died in Los Angeles on February 25, 2006 of cardiovascular disease, aged 83.
His live shows have been praised for their elaborate shock rock theatricality.
Nicolas Barat was a French Catholic scholar of Hebrew works, who died in 1706.
He was a member of the Beta Psi fraternity.
Prisoner of Paradise is a 2002 documentary film directed by Malcolm Clarke and Stuart Sender.
Juan the great grandson of the cihuacoatl Tlacaelel, his namesake.
He was known to friends and colleagues as" GG".
Milena was a Czech refugee of the Kindertransport.
The film was screened at the Newport International Film Festival.
He died in Ipswich on 10 December 1930.
In 1980, he founded his own production company, Les Films du Loup, and, later, Les Films du Dauphin, which were superseded in 2000 by his co-founding EuropaCorp film company with his longtime collaborator,.
Pavangal Pennungal is a 1973 Indian Malayalam- language film, directed and produced by Kunchacko.
In 1942, aged 62, he succeeded his elder brother John Stewart- Murray, 8th Duke of Atholl in the dukedom.
He was succeeded by Prince He of Changyi.
He was the son of George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and Countess Princess Augusta of Schwarzburg-Sondershausen.
Blondie Has Servant Trouble is a 1940 American film, the sixth of the series of 28 Blondie movies.
The movie was met with strongly negative reviews in the Russian media, with some considering it being one of the worst films ever made, and it was a box office bomb.
It was based on a novel of the same title by Pierre Frondaie and had previously been made as a silent film" The Man with the Hispano" in 1926.
It is based on the young adult novel of the same name by Gene DeWeese.
The film also includes the first public release of material from Morrison's 1969 film.
Heavily re-edited( multiple times) and shortened after its initial release for commercial reasons, it has been twice restored( 1968, 2008).
It premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2006, and was released in the UK and Ireland on 10 November 2006, and in Canada and the US on 23 February 2007.
He was the eldest son of Count Christopher II of Stolberg.
In January 2019, a widely viewed Lifetime docuseries titled "Surviving R. Kelly" detailed allegations of sexual abuse by multiple women, allegations Kelly denies.
Harun al-Rashid ("Hārūn Ar-RašīdAaron the Orthodox" or "Aaron the Rightly-Guided", 17 March 763 or February 766 – 24 March 809 (148–193 Hijri)) was the fifth Abbasid Caliph.
Immediately upon becoming the new Caliph, al- Mu'tazz had the former Caliph al- Musta'in executed.
He was made a fellow of the society in 1969( FRCGS).
Comedy! is a 1987 French drama film written and directed by Jacques Doillon.
His career spanned over 50 years, during which he worked with Mack Sennett and D. W. Griffith.
Claude of France( 12 November 1547, Fontainebleau – 21 February 1575, Nancy) was a French princess as the second daughter of King Henry II of France and Catherine de' Medici, and Duchess of Lorraine by marriage to Charles III, Duke of Lorraine.
It enjoyed critical success and several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 68th Academy Awards.
Mahaguru is a 2007 Bengali-language Indian feature film directed by Anup Sengupta, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Debashree Roy, Jisshu Sengupta, Biswajit Chakraborty and Anu Choudhury.
The supporting cast features Charles Coburn, Anthony Quinn, and Jerry Colonna.
Kashmeeram is a 1994 Indian Malayalam- language action film directed by Rajiv Anchal, written by A. K. Sajan and produced by Menaka under Revathy Kalamandhir.
The film portrays the adventures of a French Army squad lost somewhere on the front in May 1940 during the Battle of France.
Isfandyadh( Middle Persian:" Spandiyār") was an Iranian aristocrat from the Ispahbudhan family, who was the ruler of the Sasanian province of Adurbadagan.
Marquette is one of the largest Jesuit universities in the United States, and the largest private university in Wisconsin.
His publisher in Paris urged him to" universalize" his name, from Iradier to Yradier.
He was the eldest son of David Ogilvy, 11th Earl of Airlie, and his wife, the former Lady Mabell Gore.
It is impounded by Las Blancas Dam, which was completed in 2001 and diverts water to the Marte Gómez Reservoir on the Rio San Juan, another tributary of the Rio Grande.
Bingham and Burnett received the 2009 Academy Award for Best Original Song for co-writing" The Weary Kind", which Bingham also performed.
American Monthly magazine was the original official monthly magazine published by the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution( NSDAR).
His subsequent releases focused typically on science fiction/ adventure films such as" Close Encounters of the Third Kind"( 1977)," Raiders of the Lost Ark"( 1981)," E.T. the Extra- Terrestrial"( 1982), and" Jurassic Park"( 1993), which became archetypes of modern Hollywood escapist filmmaking.
The song ranked number 30 on the Recording Industry Association of America's list of the 365 Songs of the Century bearing the most historical significance.
The Song also received nomination for Brit Award for British Single of the Year at the 2012 Brit Awards.
Prince William of Hesse- Kassel( 24 December 1787 – 5 September 1867), was the first son of Prince Frederick of Hesse- Kassel and Princess Caroline of Nassau- Usingen.
She was the wife of Augustus Hemenway.
He had already directed 64 films in Europe, and soon helped Warner Bros. become the fastest-growing movie studio.
She was the older daughter of Charles Lennox, 1st Duke of Richmond, and his wife, the former Anne Brudenell.
Her first book," The Yellow House", was published in 2019.
It was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Thrissur and Kozhikode were the major filming locales.
Than Phu Ying Sirikitiya Jensen (born March 18, 1985), or Sirikittiya Mai Jensen , born Mai Jensen , is a granddaughter of King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand and a niece of King Vajiralongkorn of Thailand.
Archduke Joseph Karl of Austria (2 March 1833 in Pressburg – 13 June 1905 in Fiume) was a member of the Habsburg dynasty.
Many in the government believed that he would be an unsuitable husband for the Queen's 22-year-old sister, and the Church of England refused to countenance marriage to a divorced man.
When Gothelo I died in 1044, Godfrey III, his eldest son, who had been co-ruling in Lower Lorraine for several years, was not given Lower Lorraine by the Emperor Henry III.
He is the grandson of Charles Edward, the last ruling duke of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha.
his wife "Doña" Margarita Gómez-Acebo y Cejuela.
Princess Isabella of Bavaria (
The screenplay by Bernhardt and Bruce Manning chronicles a marriage from its idealistic early days to its dissolution.
He was the initial director of" The Adventures of Robin Hood", starring Errol Flynn and Olivia de Havilland, but was replaced by Michael Curtiz.
The film competed in the Quinzaines des Realisateurs section of the 23rd Cannes Film Festival.
The form of the pledge used today was largely devised by Francis Bellamy in 1892, and formally adopted by Congress as the pledge in 1942.
There is a 2014 Korean film, Haemoo, with the same story which is attributed to a 2007 stage play by the same name.
There is only one problem: the Graboids have now evolved into creatures able to attack above ground.
Active in politics as a Federalist, Van Rensselaer served in the New York State Assembly and New York State Senate, and as Lieutenant Governor of New York.
As a result, Caesar found himself with no other options but to cross the Rubicon with the 13th Legion in 49 BC, leaving his province and illegally entering Roman Italy under arms.
Greg A. Hill is a Canadian- born First Nations artist and curator.
The place of birth( POB) or birthplace is the place where a person was born.
It may also refer to:
After the premature death of Ladislaus, Andrew ascended the throne in 1205.
Michal Vinik (in Hebrew: מיכל ויניק; born March 12, 1976) is an Israeli filmmaker, director and screenwriter.
Catholic University of Tachira(" Universidad Católica del Táchira" – UCAT) in San Cristobal, capital of Tachira state in Venezuela, originated in 1962 as an extension of Andrés Bello Catholic University of the Society of Jesus.
Through marriage he became margrave of Turin( 1080 – 1091).
John Wilkinson English( 25 June 1903 – 11 October 1969) was a British film editor and film director.
Colonel David Lyulph Gore Wolseley Ogilvy, 12th and 7th Earl of Airlie (18 July 1893, Cahir, County Tipperary, Ireland – 28 December 1968) was a Scottish peer, soldier and courtier.
The album became his third to enter the top ten of the" Billboard" 200, though saw a decrease in sales when compared to his previous releases.
In 1967 he was awarded Golden Bear for his film "Le départ".
His theatre company debuted the works of renowned dramatists such as Pier Maria Rosso di San Secondo and the Nobel prize winner, Luigi Pirandello.
The picture is an adaptation of Zane Grey's novel of the same name and a sequel to the 1931 film" Riders of the Purple Sage", which also stars O'Brien.
Michael George Glen Waltz( born January 31, 1974) is a U.S. Army officer and American politician serving as the U.S. Representative for Florida's 6th congressional district.
The Wellesleys are an aristocratic Anglo- Irish family.
Rudolf Meinert (1882–1945) was an Austrian screenwriter, film producer and director.
" Vampire in Brooklyn" co-stars Angela Bassett, Allen Payne, Kadeem Hardison, John Witherspoon, Zakes Mokae, and Joanna Cassidy.
All its journals are published online only.
His two older brothers, Valerianus and Saloninus, had died earlier, and thus he was the successor to the throne.
Later that same day, her younger brother King Vajiralongkorn issued an emergency royal decree stating that her candidacy is "inappropriate" and "unconstitutional".
Rogell directed more than a hundred movies between 1921 and 1958.
Michael Tempo is an American drummer, percussionist and songwriter.
Godard and Aragno worked on the film for four years, each shooting footage independently before officially beginning production with the actors.
FlyBump N' GrindYour Body's Callin'Gotham CityIgnition (Remix)If
In 1967, he was awarded Filmband in Gold.
He was the third son of Wenceslaus I, Duke of Legnica by his wife Anna, daughter of Casimir I, Duke of Cieszyn.
Born c. 1284 at Carrick, Ayrshire, Scotland a son of Robert de Brus, 6th Lord of Annandale and Margaret, Countess Of Carrick.
Judy or Judith Shepard may also refer to:
Ramiro Sánchez of Monzón (1070–1129/1130) was a noble kinsman of the kings of Navarre.
Luigi Comencini( 8 June 1916 – 6 April 2007) was an Italian film director.
Rajesh Ghodge( 15 January 1975 – 13 January 2019) was an Indian cricketer who played in two first- class and eight List A matches for Goa between 1997 and 2005.
This proved useful to his half-brother, Caliph al-Ma'mun, who employed al-Mu'tasim and his Turkish guard to counterbalance other powerful interest groups in the state, as well as employing them in campaigns against rebels and the Byzantine Empire.
Alexander Mair" Sandy" Courage Jr.( December 10, 1919
His grandson
Jesús Alejandro Dautt Ramírez( born 3 March 1990) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Tapachula of Ascenso MX on loan from Monterrey.
The only son of Moubray St John, 19th Baron St John of Bletso and his wife Evelyn, John St John became the 20th Baron Lord St John of Bletso on the death of his father in 1934.
Bécassine is a 2018 French comedy film directed by Bruno Podalydès.
Dolichianus of Jerusalem was Bishop of Jerusalem in early Christianity.
It was screened in the Venice Days section at the 71st Venice International Film Festival.
This stance damaged Benton's popularity in Missouri, and the state legislature denied him re-election in 1851.
Internationally, the film was shown in several film festivals.
The video showed Adele walking alone through the streets with a sad look on her face.
Alfonso died before the crisis was resolved by the Compromise of Caspe; his claim was inherited by his brother, Juan of Aragon and Foix.
This led to both Philip I and Demetrius III becoming involved.
Richards was the son of Susanna Thomas and Edwin William Richards, an iron monger from Goytre.
His frequent portrayals of strong, tough- talking female characters came to define the" Hawksian woman".
In 866, al- Musta'in was deposed and al- Mu'tazz came into power.
The Cleaner is a 2007 American action comedy film directed by Les Mayfield and starring Lucy Liu, Cedric the Entertainer, Callum Keith Rennie and Nicollette Sheridan.
He was a contemporary and probable acquaintance of Ockeghem, and was the composer of at least one of the first unified mass cycles to be written in continental Europe.
" Amar Akbar Anthony" also had a lasting impact on pop culture, with its catchy songs, one- liners and the character of Anthony Gonsalves played by Amitabh Bachchan.
At the 2007 IIFA Awards, the film received nine nominations and won three, with one being Best Actor for Roshan.
Her feature debut," The Grizzlies", debuted at the 2018 Toronto International Film Festival in September 2018.
Steven Spielberg, David Lynch and David Cronenberg were considered to direct the project before Marquand signed on as director.
He is the founder of the N.E.D Neo expresionismo digital, a way of transforming the video footage (imagen mundo) by postproduction filters in the search of its essence.
The film is based on the parable of The Prodigal Son and a story by Brandon Rice, written and directed by Brad J. Silverman, and stars AJ Michalka, Jamie Grace, Shawnee Smith, James Denton, and Kevin Pollak.
"A beautiful and excellent lady, quiet and modest, her personality coinciding with her name," Dulce was used as a commodity to seal an alliance which aimed to "strengthen Portugal and to contain the expansionism of Castile and León" and she played the role that was expected of her as a wife and as the mother of numerous children.
John Stuart, Lord Mount Stuart (25 September 1767 – 22 January 1794), was an England-born Scottish Tory politician.
A leading man from the early 1910s, he also directed and scripted several of his own vehicles.
Pirate Treasure is a 1934 Universal film serial.
He never succeeded in his grand ambitions.
As such he is sometimes known as the "father of bossa nova".
The main entrances of the buildings are on Blue Hill Avenue, sheltered by gabled porticos supported by Tuscan columns.
In 1658 he fought against Denmark in the service of the Swedish king Charles X Gustav, who was a duke of the house Palatinate-Zweibrücken.
Derek Alexander Muller( born 9 November 1982) is an Australian- born Canadian science communicator, filmmaker and television personality, who is best known for creating the YouTube channel Veritasium.
Fletcher was knighted in 1916.
Pedro Almodóvar Caballero( born 25 September 1949), credited professionally as Pedro Almodóvar, is a Spanish filmmaker, director, screenwriter, producer, and former actor.
( English:" The Big Dukes") is a 1996 comedy film directed by Patrice Leconte, starring Jean- Pierre Marielle, Philippe Noiret, Jean Rochefort and Catherine Jacob.
In Switzerland, the place of origin( literally" home place" or" citizen place") denotes where a Swiss citizen has their municipal citizenship.
Giorgio Moroder composed the film's score, including the theme song, which features lyrics and vocals by David Bowie.
Grubb served in the War of 1812, was a justice of the peace, served in the Ohio House of Representatives in 1828 and 1832, and in 1852 donated land for the Whitehall School.
Roger Corman's Operation Rogue( aka Operation Rogue) is a 2014 direct- to- video war film and, although not the sequel to Corman's" The Hunt for Eagle One", and, has many similarities to them.
Her father was the veteran actor Kola Ogunmola.
By a treaty of 1405 between Venice and Antonio
He directed 159 films between 1926 and 1949.
She was the mother of the future King Louis XV of France.
It was only the second Commonwealth Games medal won by Kenyan women athlete, the first one was by Sabina Chebichi, who finished third at the 1974 Commonwealth Games 800 metres race.
The Cassava Metaphor is a 2010 film.
The film stars Tusshar Kapoor, Sharman Joshi, Kunal Khemu, Rajpal Yadav, Tanushree Dutta and Om Puri in lead roles while Arbaaz Khan, Abhimanyu Singh, Payal Rohatgi, Murali Sharma, Asrani and Tiku Talsania are featured in supporting yet crucial roles.
The film features Murali and Seetha in lead roles.
Qui (pronounced as "Kwee") are a rock group formed in 2000 in Los Angeles by Paul Christensen (drums/vocals) and Matt Cronk (guitar/vocals).
Francis Charles" Frank" Johnson( 3 July 1932 – 9 July 2016) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League( VFL) and Port Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association( VFA).
From the marriage with Michael, they had three sons, one of whom was Ivan Stephen of Bulgaria, later briefly the Emperor of Bulgaria( 1330 – 1331).
It is the fourth song on the album and was charted at #59 on the Billboard airplay chart, number 29 on the Rhythmic Top 40 charts and number 29 at the Hot R&B/
Before being elected as a state representative, Shannon worked as a high school teacher, following in the footsteps of his public school teacher parents.
The song has also been recorded by the choir Ad Libitum on the 1984 album "När morgonen gryr".
The single peaked moderately at number 54 for 5 weeks on the SNEP French Singles Chart
He served as representative for the Gawler ward of the Adelaide City Council from 1891 to 1895, a post which his father had also once held.
It competed in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.
Almost all countries outside the Americas instead attribute nationality based on the nationality( ies) of the baby's parents( referred to as" jus sanguinis").
He worked as a foreign correspondent, editor and journalist in Egypt, 1909- 1919.
She was a daughter of Gilbert de Bourbon, Count of Montpensier by Clara Gonzaga, and sister of Charles de Bourbon, Duke of Bourbon.
St. Mary's Educational and cultural society, a charitable organization, was registered in 1974, with a view to render its service in Educational and social service.
Tamluk Junction railway station is one of the busiest railway stations of Kharagpur railway division.
After graduating from the Ludlum School of Dramatic Art, Keighley began acting at the age of 23.
He was born in New York City, USA, and died in London, England.
After the defeat of Nazi Germany he was allowed to enter combat and was sent to join the British Pacific Fleet.
She rode for the professional cycling team Bizkaia- Durango in 2010 and 2011.
He founded the Manor of Rensselaerswyck in what is now mainly New York's Capital District.
When he was a teenager, he began his journalist job in the Magacine Fray Mochoy, and in the newspapers Crítica y Última Hora.
He is a right- handed wicket keeper- batsman and also bowls right- arm offbreak.
Their children were: From 1745 to 1772, she held the position of Lady of the Bedchamber to the Princess of Wales( The Dowager Princess of Wales from 1751), Augusta of Saxe- Gotha.
On 23 June 1733, Anne married William Villiers, 3rd Earl of Jersey, at St. James's, Westminster.
William John Fennell( 20 January 1920 – 9 September 1992) was an Australian radio, television( serials and mini-series), stage and film actor, comedian, producer and writer who appeared in many Australian television series in a lengthy career spanning over 50 years, recognised by his slightly nasal, raspy voice, moustache and pork pie hat
Princess Marie-Adélaïde of Luxembourg (Marie-Adélaïde Louise Thérèse Wilhelmine; 21 May 1924 – 28 February 2007) was a Luxembourgish princess, the third child and the second daughter of Grand Duchess Charlotte (1896–1985) and Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma (1893–1970).
He succeeded his childless brother Philip II in 1554 as Count of Nassau-Saarbrücken.
His best- known film internationally is" The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert"( 1994).
John Arbuthnott, 9th Viscount of Arbuthnott, DL, JP( 4 June 1806 – 26 May 1891) was a Scottish peer and soldier.
She starred in the sitcom" Meet the Browns" as Sasha Brown.
"Lookin Ass" (originally titled "Lookin Ass Nigga") is a song by American rapper and singer Nicki Minaj.
Love + War is the debut studio album by British singer Kwabs.
His son from his marriage with Princess Anastasia Semyonovna Kozlovskaya, Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Bibikov, served as a military commander in the Napoleonic Wars, and held several diplomatic posts.
Thailand’s election commission then disqualified her from running for prime minister, formally putting an end to her candidacy.
The original title is" Dark Angel"; the film was planned to be released under the same title in the United States( which had the latest release) but was renamed by Triumph Releasing to" I Come in Peace" because of two other movies entitled" The Dark Angel"( from 1925 and 1935), according to executive producer Mark Damon( in a 1993 interview with UK magazine Impact), who preferred the original title.
Susan Moody( born 1940 in Oxford) is the principal" nom de plume" of Susan Elizabeth Horwood, an English novelist best known for her suspense novels.
This is a list of islands in the Black Sea.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Hermann Warm.
Pariah Press was the company, funded by Mike Nystul, that published the first commercial edition of The Whispering Vault role- playing game.
He was appointed Professor of Public History at the University of Manchester in 2013.
His mother was the Hon.
In addition to Cash Flagg, Steckler was also known by the pseudonyms Sven Christian, Sven Hellstrom, Harry Nixon, Michael J. Rogers, Michel J. Rogers, Wolfgang Schmidt, Cindy Lou Steckler, R.D. Steckler, Ray Steckler, and Cindy Lou Sutters — the last being his" porn name".
The result was "Modern Life Is Rubbish" (1993), "Parklife" (1994) and "The Great Escape" (1995).
There are still records of the legion in Syria in the beginning of the 5th century.
It went into theatrical release in the U.S. and internationally beginning in the spring of 2017.
Anne Devereux- Mills( born March 2, 1962) is an American businesswoman, speaker, and entrepreneur.
Before 22 July 1257, he married Jeanne de Bar (1225-1299), widow of Frederick de (d. 1255/6) and daughter of Henry II, Count of Bar, and Philippa de Dreux.
Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album by Australian recording artist Colleen Hewett.
Raoul A. Walsh (March 11, 1887December 31, 1980) was an American film director, actor, founding member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) and the brother of the silent screen actor George Walsh.
After the enormous success of the silent 1920 film adaptation," The Mark of Zorro", the story was republished under that name by Grosset& Dunlap.
Hermann of Dorpat( or Hermann I, or Hermann von Buxhövden)( 1163 – 1248) was the first Prince- Bishop of the Bishopric of Dorpat( 1224–1248) within the Livonian Confederation.
The film centers on the experiences of Nobel Prize winner Rigoberta Menchú, a Quiché indigenous woman who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1992, nine years after the film came out.
Anna was made titular Duchess of Masovia.
In 1987, he was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
The Man in the Raincoat is a French- Italian comedy- thriller film directed by Julien Duvivier, scripted by the director and René Barjavel, from the 1954 novel" Tiger by the Tail" by James Hadley Chase.
See You in September is a 2010 American romantic comedy directed by Tamara Tunie and starring Estella Warren, Michael Rispoli, Whoopi Goldberg, and Justin Kirk.
The Bees may refer to:
The BFI ranked "Gandhi" the 34th greatest British film of the 20th century.
Among other roles, Gordon played the role of Fu Manchu in the 1956 television series" The Adventures of Dr. Fu Manchu".
Through his energy and ability, he succeeded in restoring to the Abbasid state some of the power and provinces it had lost during the turmoil of the previous decades.
Xie Fei( born August 14, 1942) is a Chinese film director.
William Brereton( died 21 October 1822) was a planter in British Guiana in the early 19th- century.
This marriage put an end to the litigation which existed between the fathers of the bride and groom, in connection with the succession of the Duchy of Lorraine.
For this reason Cicero gave him a very flattering letter of recommendation to Caesar.
The eldest son, Viscount Brackley, and his younger brother Thomas, died aged 11 and 7 respectively, along with their private tutor, in a fire which destroyed the family's London home of Bridgwater House.
Gottfried III of Raabs( died) was Burgrave of the medieval Burgraviate of Nuremberg from around 1146 until his death.
Since the beginning of his music career, Zombie's music and lyrics have featured notable horror and sci-fi themes.
Lessey was married to the former May Abbey.
Borensztein is best known for" Chinese Take- Away" and" Heroic Losers".
The Man with the Hispano( French: L'homme à l' Hispano) is a 1933 French drama film directed by Jean Epstein and starring Jean Murat, Marie Bell and Joan Helda.
He worked with Aldo Tonti to create the distinctive look of Luchino Visconti's 1943 classic" Ossessione".
Princess Caroline- Mathilde of Denmark( 27 April 1912 – 12 December 1995) was a daughter of Prince Harald of Denmark and granddaughter of King Frederick VIII of Denmark.
His impact on the genre was considered prolific and influential.
( English:" The Merry Widow of Trangvik") is a 1927 Norwegian silent drama film directed by Harry Ivarson.
Caesar is considered by many historians to be one of the greatest military commanders in history.
Otto III, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg( died 27 February 1404) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Bernburg.
His brother Eddie was also a player.
She is the first woman to hold this position.
As she took the dr.philos.
Devendra Paudel is a Nepalese Politician and serving as the Member Of House Of Representatives( Nepal) elected from Baglung- 2, Province No. 3.
In 1991, she signed to Attic Records after a hiatus and released the album" When You Love Somebody".
Frederick, later seized and imprisoned by Peter himself, died young and in captivity.
Lord Mount Stuart married Lady Elizabeth McDouall-Crichton, daughter of Patrick McDouall-Crichton, 6th Earl of Dumfries, and his wife Margaret (née Crauford), on 12 October 1792.
He is a former general and, whilst being a protégé of senior general Than Shwe, was considered the third most powerful man in the State Peace and Development Council (SPDC), which ruled Myanmar until 2011.
He also held the lower titles 14th Baron Audley and 2nd Baron Audley of Hely.
He made twenty-nine films, including "L'amour fou" (1969), "Out 1" (1971), "Celine and Julie
A third film is in development, for a potential 2022 release.
He was also a nephew of Nicholas II of Russia, the last Tsar.
Jan Harlan( born May 5, 1937) is a German- American executive producer and the brother of Christiane Kubrick, director Stanley Kubrick's widow.
Assigned to Danger is a 1948 American crime film noir directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Gene Raymond, Noreen Nash and Robert Bice.
Joseph Chamberlain (8 July 1836 – 2 July 1914) was a British statesman who was first a radical Liberal, then, after opposing home rule for Ireland, a Liberal Unionist, and eventually served as a leading imperialist in coalition with the Conservatives.
The story starts with a young singer, Florence" Cléo" Victoire, at 5 pm on June 21, as she waits until 6:30 pm to hear the results of a medical test that will possibly confirm a diagnosis of cancer.
His son Arlo Guthrie became nationally known as a musician.
I Was a Communist for the FBI is a 1951 American film noir crime film directed by Gordon Douglas starring Frank Lovejoy, Dorothy Hart, Philip Carey and James Millican.
Recording began at Lennon's home studio at Tittenhurst Park, England, in May 1971, with final overdubs taking place at the Record Plant, in New York City, during July.
As time passed, he started to play a more active and independent role in government and foreign policy.
An abiding interest for GG was multidisciplinary working.
The movie has no relation to the use of the phrase" Night of Nights" for the night of the Academy Awards ceremony, the album by musical group
He has also appeared frequently on television, in productions such as Damiano Damiani's landmark MOW" Lenin: The Train"( 1990), with Ben Kingsley, and Josee Dayan's 1998 version of" The Count of Monte Cristo", with Gérard Depardieu.
In an agreement that was termed the Treaty of Fifth Avenue, Rockefeller persuaded Richard Nixon to alter the Republican Party platform just before the 1960 Republican Convention.
He directed films such as Crimen a las tres in 1935 and wrote for films such as Allá en el Norte in 1973.
On February 22, 2019, Kelly was indicted on 10 counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse.
The film was released on May 22, 1942, by Monogram Pictures.
Saint Paraskevi of Rome or Parasceva of Rome is venerated as a Christian martyr of the 2nd century.
She was the stepmother of Gordon B. Hinckley, fifteenth president of the LDS Church.
The" Jedi Academy" trilogy is a trilogy of science fiction novels set in the" Star Wars" expanded universe.
Charles I, Count of Ligny( 1488–1530) was a son of Anthony I, Count of Ligny and his second wife, Françoise van Croÿe- Chimay.
Nelson Aldrich Rockefeller (July 8, 1908 – January 26, 1979) was an American businessman and politician who served as the 41st vice president of the United States from 1974 to 1977, and previously as the 49th governor of New York from 1959 to 1973.
Song of the Birds or The Song of the Birds may refer to:
The Portrait of a Lady is a novel by Henry James.
In her early career, she researched the working life.
Zhu also killed many of Emperor Zhaozong's ministers, including the chancellor, Cui Yin.
He was the founder of the older main line of the House of Stolberg.
The album was released on 23 February 2010 in the United States under J Records and Allido Records.
He also inherited major possessions in the Welsh Marches from his mother, Eleanor de Braose.
" Alam Ara" was released earlier the same year and was the first Indian film with sound.
He was awarded an honorary degree by Oxford University.
The Adventures of Sinbad 2( Chinese: 辛巴达历险记2), also known as" The Adventures of Sinbad 2014", is a 2014 Chinese animated adventure comedy film directed by Gu Peixin and Benpineko.
His other celebrated directorial works include" What's Eating Gilbert Grape"( 1993) and" Chocolat"( 2000).
Their daughter Elaine married Colonel Charles Wauchup.
The three- story Colonial Revival masonry structures were designed by Samuel Levy and built in 1924 for Herman Barron, during a period in which Boston's Jewish population migrated to the area in large numbers from downtown Boston.
It was released first in the Czech Republic in March 2007.
The couple had a son David and a daughter Sarah.
Richton was a Republican.
Constance Holland (c.1387–14
In addition she has set a total of 8 further national records in the samalogue events( sprint combination, mini combination, small combination, and big combination).
Yolande (2 November 1428, Nancy – 23 March 1483, Nancy), was Duchess of Lorraine (1473) and Bar (1480).
Sir Richard Michael Cory- Wright Bt( born 17 January 1944) is the 4th Baronet Cory- Wright.
He was the father of the Russian film director Pavel Chukhray.
It is affiliated to the Public Board of Secondary Education( C.B.S.E).
He wrote and directed the 2014 sci-fi action film" Lucy" and the 2017 space opera film" Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets".
James or Jim Johnston may refer to:
His father had been an ally of Richard of York, and Herbert supported the Yorkist cause in the Wars of the Roses.
He is named after his place of burial.
His last film was the 1937 British thriller" Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel".
He wrote and directed other films such as" El cura gaucho"( 1941)," La calle grita"( 1948)," Mi noche triste"( 1951)," Zafra"( 1958) and" La Boda"( 1964).
James or Jim White may refer to:
Anne was raised in Nantes during a series of conflicts in which the king of France sought to assert his suzerainty over Brittany.
Upon his death in 1488, Anne became duchess regnant of Brittany, countess of Nantes, Montfort, and Richmond, and viscountess of Limoges.
It was based on the novels "Los siete locosThe Seven Madmen") and "Los lanzallamasThe Flamethowers"), by Roberto Arlt.
Eight winners and eight runners- up from the first group stage were drawn into four groups of four teams, each containing two group winners and two runners- up.
James Graham, 1st Duke and 4th Marquess of Montrose (April 16827 January 1742) was a Scottish aristocratic statesman in the early eighteenth century.
Jan Baptist van Fornenburgh( 1585 in Antwerp – 1650 in The Hague), was a Dutch Golden Age flower painter.
(Li Zuo/Li Zhu).
According to Stevenson( 1983), these seven years would have been equivalent to an apprenticeship in pharmacy.
He was famed for his travels and explorations in Asia, Africa and the Americas, as well as his extraordinary knowledge of languages and cultures.
It was Written by Roberto Turatti, Silvio Melloni, Gino Zandonà & Alberto Carpani
She played an important role in the counter reformation in Austria.
Dunstan Webb was an Australian actor and director, who was a particular favourite of Australasian Films.
Yolonda Ross is an American character actress, writer and director born (31 July 1974).
This film is an entry of the 1994 Metro Manila Film Festival.
Since 1987 he is a freelance author and film director.
It was entered into the 11th Moscow International Film Festival.
He was a younger brother of William Douglas, 8th Earl of Douglas, James Douglas, 9th Earl of Douglas, Archibald Douglas, Earl of Moray and older to John Douglas, Lord of Balvenie.
Hope was born on 2 October 1875 Atherton in the historic county of Lancashire.
Construction began in 2017, and the station opened on February 25, 2019.
Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg (25 January 1860, in Augustenborg, Jutland, Denmark – 20 February 1932, in Grünholz, Province of Schleswig-Holstein, Free State of Prussia, Weimar Republic) was the second-eldest daughter of Frederick VIII, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein and his wife Princess Adelheid of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.
On stage, he has had major roles in productions of" The TempestOrestes Faust", and" The Iliad".
Brereton was knighted in 1544 by the Earl of Hertford for valour during the Burning of Leith.
It is formed at the confluence of its headwaters Cracăul Alb and Cracăul Negru in Magazia.
Dark was born in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.
May Lamok sa Loob ng Kulambo is a 1984 Philippine comedy film directed by, and produced by Hirene Lopez and Danny L. Zialcita as the film's executive producer.
Reinier van Brummelen is the director of photography.
The script was written by Aleksei Kapler together with Taisiya Zlatogorova.
The Musée de la Mer is a museum located in Senegal.
As a son of the Danish Field Marshal Prince Charles of Hesse- Kassel and Princess Louise of Denmark, he was a member of the extended Danish Royal Family and spent his entire life in Denmark.
Through her marriage she was also a member of the House of Mecklenburg and Hereditary Grand Duchess of Mecklenburg- Schwerin.
After Ramiro deposed Fernán González in Castile, he appointed his own son, the future Sancho I, as count with Ansur acting as his" regent".
The story and screenplay are written by Sandeep Shrivastava and the film features Ajay Devgn in the lead titular role along with debutante actresses Sayyeshaa, Abigail Eames and Erika Kaar in lead roles.
The film is based on the novel" Don Renegade" by Johnston McCulley, and is set in Mexican- ruled Los Angeles in the 1820s.
Korowód, or Twists of Fate, is a 2007 Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Stuhr.
French:
By all accounts the marriage was a loving and successful one, ending with her death in 1622.
She started many charitable foundations that focused on improving the quality of life for the disadvantaged.
A sequel, titled" Ant- Man and the Wasp", was released on July 6, 2018.
He served as Lord Chamberlain of the Household between 1839 and 1841.
Born in Casale, she was daughter of William VII, Marquess of Montferrat and his second wife Beatrice of Castile.
It intercepts several former left tributaries of the Crișul Alb, including Chișer, Rât and Budieru.
Confessions of a Womanizer( also known as Confessions of a Sex Addict) is a 2014 American comedy- drama film directed and written by Miguel Ali and starring Gary Busey, C. Thomas Howell, Andrew Lawrence, and Jillian Rose Reed.
In the latter stages of his life he had some success as a film director.
Jorge Polaco( 20 November 1946 – 20 February 2014) was an Argentine filmmaker whose film" En el nombre del hijo" won best film at the 1988 Festroia International Film Festival in Setúbal, Portugal.
The power of the caliphal government was increased by centralizing measures that reduced the power of provincial governors in favour of a small group of senior civil and military officials in Samarra, and the fiscal apparatus of the state was more and more dedicated to the maintenance of the professional army, which was dominated by Turks.
His father moved to Pampa, Texas, to repay debts from unsuccessful real estate deals.
In the area of philanthropy, he founded the Rockefeller Brothers Fund in 1940 with his four brothers and established the American International Association for Economic and Social Development in 1946.
Despite that Ansur bore the title" count" as early as 939, the earliest direct reference to the county of Monzón is from a diploma of 26 December 943, which reads" regnante Ranimiro in Obeto et in Legione et comite Assur Fredinandiz in Montson"( Ramiro reigning in Oviedo and León and Count Ansur Fernández in Monzón).
Written by Kevin J. Anderson, the plot takes place around seven years after the events of" Return of the Jedi", in 11 ABY.
Francesco Morozzo or François Morozzi( died 1380) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Asti( 1376 – 1380).
Olive Tell, a stage actress, starred in the story based on a play by Kate Jordan.
In particular, the Japanese director Nagisa Oshima was someone who Chan looked up to and thought of when directing "Made in Hong Kong".
West( born July 30, 1937) is an American songwriter and musician, best known as the co-writer of two of Buddy Holly's biggest hits:" Oh, Boy!" and" Rave On".
The film documented the work of the Royal Canadian Navy and the Merchant Marine during the Battle of the Atlantic in the Second World War.
Various plots against his life were revealed; the ringleaders, most of them Nero's own courtiers, were executed.
As both his sons died in infancy, the government of Nassau- Saarbrücken was inherited by father- in- law Frederick Louis of Nassau- Ottweiler.
From 1969 to 1975 he worked for the Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation, and in 1975 he became Director-General for Development Aid in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
In 2017, the band fulfilled a promise to release five studio albums within the year:" Flying Microtonal Banana" in February;" Murder of the Universe" in June;" Sketches of Brunswick East", a collaboration with Mild High Club, in August;" Polygondwanaland", which was released into the public domain, in November; and" Gumboot Soup" in December.
In 1999 McLachlan moved to Australia, where she transitioned gender and changed her name to Dee.
Donald Brian( February 17, 1877 – December 22, 1948) was an actor, dancer and singer born in St. John's, Newfoundland( now Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada).
The Graduation Pledge of Social and Environmental Responsibility has been offered since 1987 at colleges and universities throughout the United States and the world.
Louis IV the Young (1173-7 October 1226), Count of Chiny from 1189 to 1226, son of Louis III, Count of Chiny, and Sophie.
He served in the Indian Army in World War II, and was later was a Lt- Colonel in the Royal Artillery( TA), commanding the Tower Hamlets Regiment( TA) from 1951 to 1954.
Chah -e Ali Kapari( also Romanized as Chāh- e ʿ Alī Kaparī) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar- e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.
He worked as stunt coordinator and second unit director on" The Dukes of Hazzard" and" The A- Team"( on which he later made his directorial debut).
The film was later shown on" Mystery Science Theater 3000 Elvira's Movie Macabre", and" Off Beat Cinema".
He is known primarily for his habaneras, especially the one titled" La Paloma", written around 1860 after a visit to Cuba.
Beatrice of Navarre( 1392-1412/1415) was a daughter of Charles III of Navarre and his wife, Eleanor of Castile.
His feature films as director include" Et skud fra hjertet The King is Alive The Intended Fear Me Not", and" The Salvation".
Michel Shane( born October 8, 1955) is a film producer and co-founder of Hand Picked Films.
Louis of Brienne, also known as Louis of Acre( died in 1297), was viscount of Beaumont- sur- Sarthe in Maine.
The film is set in the fictional South Wales town of Aberdarcy, and largely filmed in and around Swansea, Kingsley Amis's stated real- life city that Aberdarcy represents.
In 2008, Atlanta-based rapper T.I. signed Meek Mill to his first record deal.
The 10th Duke moved to a smaller house nearby when his son Lord March took over control of the estate and moved into the main house with his family.
The Democrats won the election, but Breckinridge had little influence with Buchanan and, as presiding officer of the Senate, could not express his opinions in debates.
Emmanuel Oduol( born 31 January 1962) is a Kenyan field hockey player.
MacKenzie lives in Maryland and is a mother of four.
William II, Duke of Jülich (– 13 December 1393) was the second Duke of Jülich and the sixth William in the House of Jülich.
After a brief hiatus in 2017, Houghton continued releasing music with singles" Pretty PrettyPhysical", and" Break Me" in late 2018 and early 2019.
Saadia is a 1953 adventure film directed by Albert Lewin and starring Mel Ferrer and Cornel Wilde.
La Cueva High School is a public high school located in northeast Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States, within the Albuquerque Public Schools District.
He attended The University of Montana in Missoula, Montana and attained a degree in English Education.
He performed homage to King Edward I of England at Berwick- upon- Tweed on 28 August 1296.
It s length is and it s basin size is.
Eirene left Constantinople in 1303 and settled in Thessaloniki.
Elisabeth of the Palatinate is a philosopher best known for her correspondence with René Descartes.
He also competed at the Olympics as a rower.
" Murphy's War" is set in South America, in the backwaters of the global conflict( World War 2).
The Devil's Rejects is a 2005 American horror film written, produced and directed by Rob Zombie, and the sequel to his 2003 film" House of 1000 Corpses".
A demanding perfectionist, Kubrick assumed control over most aspects of the filmmaking process, from direction and writing to editing, and took painstaking care with researching his films and staging scenes, working in close coordination with his actors and other collaborators.
The Mayur Vihar branch was listed as second among the top ten schools in East Delhi, in 2012.
Reinald led the traditional feuds of his House, particularly those against the Bishops of Utrecht and against Holland and Friesland.
Godwin Davy( born 15 December 1979) is an Anguillan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
Sir John Stuart, Count of Maida (1759 – 2 April 1815) was a British Lieutenant-General during the Napoleonic Wars.
Anderson High School is a public high school located in Anderson, Indiana.
He wrote two other operas," King Samoil" and" Ilinden".
The two other women he was most closely associated with were Rosalie Lambert, who he had two children by, and her sister Masina Lambert, with whom he had three children.
The Face of Fu Manchu is a 1965 thriller film directed by Don Sharp and based on the characters created by Sax Rohmer.
Originally a painter, his first film with the NFB was the 1966 experimental short," Angel".
Esther Schiff Goldfrank married the historian and sinologist Karl August Wittfogel after the death in 1935 of her first husband, Walter Goldfrank.
It premiered at the International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam in November 2010.
Uday Tikekar( Marathi: उदय टिकेकर) is an Indian film and television actor.
Ferdinand Maximilien Mériadec de Rohan( 1738–1813) was an Archbishop of Bordeaux starting in 1769, and Prince- Archbishop of Cambrai from 1781.
My Dear Subject is a 1988 Swiss drama film directed by Anne- Marie Miéville.
He was the third son of Bernhard I, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg, by his wife Princess Sophie, daughter of King Abel of Denmark.
The charges were later dismissed.
Lewis Stone plays his nemesis.
It was the second film in a series, and was preceded by" The Face of Fu ManchuThe Vengeance of Fu Manchu" followed in 1967," The Blood of Fu Manchu" in 1968, and" The Castle of Fu Manchu" in 1969.
She is the 2001 Latvian national champion.
"In 20-0-3" is a song by the British musician Joe Jackson.
James Ballard( born April 16, 1972) is a former American football quarterback.
He was re-elected MP for Calne in 1624.
Gustaf Molander was born in Helsingfors (now Helsinki) in the Grand Duchy of Finland (in the Russian Empire), where his father was working at the Swedish Theatre.
"
He played for the Boston Celtics( 1995 – 96) in the National Basketball Association( NBA) for 3 games.
The film is based on the Franz Lehár's operetta of the same name, and was its second film adaptation, the first being a 1918 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
Dietrich already received the title of Count of Mark in 1393, when his father was still alive.
The Río Álamo, is a stream in the state of Tamaulipas, Mexico, and is a tributary of the Rio Grande.
William intervened in favor of Edward in the catastrophic war of succession between his brothers-in-law Reinald and Edward for control of the Duchy of Guelders.
He was elected to the municipality council of Fjell in 2003.
It is inspired by the Hollywood movie My Cousin Vinny.
Joël Henry( born 1955) is a French journalist who was born in Strasbourg.
During the civil war that followed Harun's death, Fadl retired to his estates in Iraq.
" Teenagers from Outer Space" was distributed theatrically by Warner Brothers on a double feature with" Gigantis the Fire Monster", the English- dubbed version of the 1955 Japanese giant monster film" Godzilla Raids Again".
He made multiple recordings during his career.
Requirements To Be A Normal Person  is a 2015 Spanish comedy film directed by Leticia Dolera.
Urbanus Edmund Baughman( 21 May 1905 – 6 November 1978) was the chief of the United States Secret Service between 1948 and 1961, under Presidents Truman, Eisenhower, and Kennedy.
Adventures of a Taxi Driver is a 1976 British sex comedy film directed by Stanley Long and starring Barry Evans, Judy Geeson and Adrienne Posta.
Marie de Bourbon( 15 October 1605 – 4 June 1627), Duchess of Montpensier, and Duchess of Orléans by marriage, was a French noblewoman and one of the last members of the House of Bourbon- Montpensier.
Hardy made his first- class debut for Nottinghamshire against Kent in 1893 County Championship.
Edward Henry Scudamore- Stanhope, 12th Earl of Chesterfield( 9 February 1889 – 2 August 1952) was an English nobleman.
Fatima Bara( born 21 February 1990) is an Algerian international footballer who plays as a defender for the Algeria women's national football team.
Riggs created aesthetically innovative and socially provocative films that examine past and present representations of race and sexuality in America.
He was the first Hungarian monarch to adopt the title of "King of Halych and Lodomeria".
La révolte", before airing as a six-part miniseries on Télévision de Radio-Canada in 1989, and on CBC Television in 1990.
As a descendant of Queen Victoria, he is in the line of succession to the British throne.
Also for "The Barbarian Invasions", he received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Screenplay, losing to Sofia Coppola for "Lost in Translation".
Siemowit I of Masovia( c. 1224/28 – 23 June 1262), was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast, Duke of Czersk during 1247- 1248, Duke of Masovia( except Dobrzy ń) during 1248- 1262, ruler over Sieradz during 1259- 1260.
An early demo of" Wash All Over Me", as well as the finalized track, both leaked onto the internet prior to the album's scheduled release.
Wortham was educated at King's College, Cambridge and received an M.A. in 1921.
It is Godard's 42nd feature film and 121st film or video project.
Situated on the southern shore of the Albany River, Fort Albany First Nation is only accessible by air or by winter road.
Jean-Pierre is of Haitian-American descent, and graduated from Brooklyn College and later received a master's degree in public policy from Stony Brook University.
She was born and raised in the city and could have been of Jewish or Edomite-Phoenician origins.
On 24 January 1388, Eleanor signed a pact with Aragon which brought peace and safeguarded Marianus' rule.
He was the third child of Frederick II Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua, and Margaret Palaeologina.
Kekuʻiapoiwa II was a Hawaiian chiefess and the mother of the king Kamehameha I.
In the 1940s he set up his own company G.H.W. Productions, backed by the Rank Organisation, and released four films.
On 7 March 1911 he married Mary Cowper, with whom he had three children.
Ray directed 36 films, including feature films, documentaries and shorts.
Prince Fuling ascended the throne after the death of Emperor Wu in 87 BC.
He was one of the seven Ramsay Brothers who were active in Indian cinema throughout the 1970s and the 1980s.
John de Bohun, 5th Earl of Hereford( 23 November 1306 – 20 January 1336) was born in St Clement's, Oxford to Humphrey de Bohun, 4th Earl of Hereford and Elizabeth of Rhuddlan, a daughter of Edward I of England.
He was named a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in 1531, a Viceroy of Aragon in 1535, and a Viceroy of Navarre in 1552, position he held until his death in 1560.
He continued to break ground in three successful 1967 films, each dealing with issues of race and race relations:" To Sir, with LoveGuess Who's Coming to Dinner", and" In the Heat of the Night", making him the top box- office star of that year.
There, Gerron was ordered to write and direct a Nazi propaganda film.
It was selected as the Serbian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated.
Talala Junction railway station is 25 km far away from Veraval Junction railway station.
Princess Feodora of Saxe-Meiningen (Feodora Viktoria Auguste Marie Marianne; 12 May 1879 – 26 August 1945) was born at Potsdam, the only child of Bernhard III, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, and his wife, Princess Charlotte of Prussia (the eldest daughter of Frederick III, German Emperor, and Victoria, Princess Royal).
His first two daughters also died of the disease.
He served as trustee, treasurer, and president of the Museum of Modern Art, and founded the Museum of Primitive Art in 1954.
He inherited the earldom on the death of his father in 1645.
Strock died after a car accident in Moreno Valley, California on November 30, 2005.
By his wife, Aline Bassett, he was father of Hugh Despenser' the elder', Earl of Winchester.
It stars N. T. Rama Rao, Krishna, Sridevi, Radhika in the lead roles and music composed by Rajan–Nagendra.
Swanandi Tikekar(born 13 November) in a Marathi actress.
The film is directed by David Slade and stars Josh Hartnett and Melissa George.
These faces are ornamented with corner quoining in concrete.
Tabitha Jane King (née Spruce, born March 24, 1949) is an American author, and the wife of Stephen King.
Cowper was the son of Sir William Cowper, 2nd Baronet, of Ratling Court, Kent, a Whig member of parliament of some mark in the two last Stuart reigns.
From the mid-1950s he moved increasingly into television and worked on a number of the most popular shows of the time in the US.
Know Your Men is a 1921 American silent melodrama film produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation, directed by Charles Giblyn, and starring Pearl White.
He has worked with a number of artists including Jennifer López, Paulina Rubio, Enrique Iglesias, Antique, Elena Paparizou, Arash, Anna Vissi, Cameron Cartio, Eleni Foureira, Sarbel and Tamta.
The first album came out in 1986 and featured acts such as Dwight Yoakam.
He was the nephew of Francisco IV Fernández de la Cueva – Colonna,(* Barcelona, 1618/ 1619 – † Madrid( Palacio Real) 27 March 1676), 8th Duque de Alburquerque and many other lesser titles, also a Viceroy of New Spain,( 1653 – 1660), and Viceroy of Sicily,( 1667 – 1670), and the son of the 9th Duke of Albuquerque, and many other lesser titles, the cadet brother of the 8th Duke, and inheritor of the titles, Melchor Fernández de la Cueva(* Madrid, 2 March 1625 – † Madrid 12 October 1686).
Tinye
Rise of the Robots is a 1994 video game.
The narrative follows eleven minutes in several people's lives.
He wrote many books for students, such as" The Writer and the Screen: On Writing for Film and Television" and" The A to Z of Movie Making".
He is a skilled martial artist and practiced Taijiquan for years, as well as Chu Gar Tong Long Southern Praying Mantis for over 13 years before starting an acting career.
On Lothair's death (986), the magnates elected his son Louis V and on the latter's death (987), Hugh Capet.
He is best known for his collaborations with Brie Larson, in the films" Short Term 12"( 2013)," The Glass Castle"( 2017), and" Just Mercy"( 2019).
He died of bubonic plague three years later without heirs, presenting a succession crisis.
For his wars and eventual defeat by Qi and Qin in 340, see Warring States period.
Fort Albany may refer to:
He was one of four mountaineers who died in the 1936 Eiger north face climbing disaster, along with Toni Kurz, Andreas Hinterstoisser and Eduard Rainer.
Hans Weingartner( born 2 November 1977) is an author, director and producer of films.
Scullin led Labor to government at the 1929 election.
Judah Even Shemuel( Ukraine, 1886- Jerusalem, 1976) was a Ukrainian born, later Israeli, lexicographer, whose English- Hebrew dictionary was known as" The Kaufman Dictionary".
Recently returned to his home in Fujian after several years abroad in the U.S. as an illegal immigrant, Hong attempts to reconnect with an illegitimate son.
He was born in Fredrikstad.
Paget was elected as Member of Parliament for Arundel in 1555 and for Lichfield in 1559 and 1563.
He was also given the county of Liège.
Ray had received many noticeable awards and gained a prestigious position over his life time.
88:88 is a Canadian experimental docudrama film, directed by Isiah Medina and released in 2015.
Dee is best known for her direction in the award-winning 2007 film The Jammed.
Snart kommer änglarna att landa is a Christmas song written by Ulf Lundell, and recorded by him on the 1979 album "Glitter glögg & rock 'n' roll".
Friedrich Ferdinand of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg( 12 October 1855 – 21 January 1934) was the fourth Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg and became Duke of Schleswig- Holstein in 1931.
The house was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1990.
Francis de Bourbon or François de Bourbon( Francis I, Count of Vendôme)( 1470 – 30 October 1495), was a French prince du sang.
He is the current bass player for the industrial metal bands Fear Factory, Ministry, Static-X, and the vocalist and bassist for Asesino.
i sagan" again composed by Felix Körling.
Abhishek Saxena is an Indian Bollywood and Punjabi film director who directed the movie Phullu.
The son of Thomas Randolph, 1st Earl of Moray, a companion- in- arms of King Robert the Bruce, he succeeded his father on 20 July 1332.
Her work emphasized motherhood and morality.
Reinald IV became the second Duke of Guelders and Jülich upon his brother William's death in 1402 without heirs.
Lord Lloyd married Lady Victoria Jean Marjorie Mabell Ogilvy, daughter of David Ogilvy, 12th Earl of Airlie, in 1942.
It furthers the plot of a semi-fictional account of BOPE, the special operations force of the Rio de Janeiro Military Police, with a focus on the relationship between law enforcement and politics.
Don Juan's father, don Tomás de San Martín Quetzalmazatzin, had been the previous tlatoani of Itztlacozauhcan, having been installed there by Hernán Cortés.
In 1617, he was appointed Viceroy of Catalonia, a function in which he became known as" one of the toughest, most rigorous, and successful of the viceroys of Catalonia ... and had specialized in the suppression of disorder."
Augustenborg palace, and as a consequence the nearby town, were named in honor of her.
It is openly comedic and parodic.
Russell St John, 20th
His US hits included" Where Did Our Love Go?"( 1972), and his reputation as a Northern soul artist in the UK was secured by" A Little Piece of Leather", a performance highlighting his powerful falsetto voice.
Brian Saunders( date of birth and death unknown) was a male weightlifter who competed for England.
She was born into a theatrical family
Jehu Grubb (a.k.a. John Grubb) (c. 1781 – 1854), unacknowledged son of the prominent ironmaster Curtis Grubb, was an early settler who became a leading citizen in Plain Township, Stark County, Ohio.
Ana de Mendonça( 1460- 1542) was a maid of the Queen regnant of Castile, Joanna la Beltraneja, and a mistress of King John II of Portugal, who was also Master of the Order of Saint James 1470- 1492.
The film's most famous song is" I am Here to be HappyIch bin auf der Welt glücklich zu sein").
On 9 June 1739, he was invested as a knight of the Order of the Thistle.
The film was directed by Edward Buzzell and written for the screen by Gertrude Purcell, and stars Nancy Carroll, star of musical comedies at Paramount, John Boles, and cowboy star Charles" Buck" Jones.
Menon was also the uncle of another popular film director Bharathan, being the younger brother of the latter's father.
The film stars Jimmy Wakely, Dub Taylor, Virginia Belmont, I. Stanford Jolley, Zon Murray and George J. Lewis.
Evan Jones( born May 4) known professionally as Eazy the Phoenix or E&J is an American independent rapper from Miami, Florida.
He is best remembered for playing father figures in such films as" Meet Me in St. Louis"( 1944) with Judy Garland as one of his daughters," Little Women"( 1949)," On Moonlight Bay"( 1951), and" By the Light of the Silvery Moon"( 1953).
It is also the place of death of Jacques MacDonald, a French general who served in the Napoleonic Wars
His most famous and notable works include his works as the producer/ director of" Suspense", as the director of" Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and as the director of" The Alfred Hitchcock Hour" and as the director of the movie" Change of Mind".
Open Mobile is a mobile network operator that offers mobile phone services exclusively in Puerto Rico.
He was the son of John Eustace Vesey, 6th Viscount de Vesci and the former Susan Anne Armstrong- Jones, sister of Antony Armstrong- Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon.
Ludwig Gruno also had good relations with the new Tsarina Elizabeth of Russia.
Friedrich of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg( 23 October 1814 in Schleswig, Duchy of Schleswig – 27 November 1885 in Luisenlund, Schleswig- Holstein, Prussia) was the third Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg.
Born in New York City and raised in Upstate New York, Del Rey returned to New York City in 2005 to begin her music career.
It is adapted from Cretton's short film of the same name, produced in 2009.
Sophia of Bavaria (1376 – 4 November 1428) was a Queen of Bohemia and the spouse of Wenceslaus, King of Bohemia and King of the Romans.
He was selected by the Phoenix Suns in the second round( 50th pick overall) of the 1994 NBA draft.
Book of Angels or variants may refer to:
Her bethrothal to "infante" Sancho, son of Afonso Henriques, the first king of Portugal, was celebrated when she was eleven years old and the marriage in 1174.
Born as Leopoldo Torres Nilsson (he later changed his paternal surname from Torres to Torre) was the son of Argentine pioneer film director Leopoldo Torres Ríos, with whom he collaborated between 1939 and 1949.
He has been described as the most important of the sport's early patrons and did much to help its evolution from village cricket to first- class cricket.
Palash Jyoti Das (born 23 December 1984) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Assam cricket team.
On 28 February 1748, he married Elizabeth Lewis, daughter of John Lewis of Hackney; they lived at Langley Park.
The screenplay was written by Catherine Turney, based on the novel of the same name by Grace Zaring Stone( under the pseudonym Ethel Vance),
It is based on the 1925 novel" The Keeper of the Bees" by Gene Stratton Porter.
Un étrange voyage is a 1981 French drama film directed by Alain Cavalier, starring Jean Rochefort and writer/ filmmaker Camille de Casabianca.
Lady William Paget survived him by two years and died in May 1875.
The show premiered in 1998, and featured communities that varied in size and prominence, from the smallest village to the largest urban areas.
The Last Word  is a 2009 Iranian Film Directed And produced By Hossein Shahabi.
Adventures of a Private Eye is a 1977 British sex comedy film directed by Stanley Long and starring Christopher Neil, Suzy Kendall, Harry H. Corbett and Liz Fraser.
This allowed him to have almost complete artistic control over his films, but with the rare advantage of having financial support from major Hollywood studios.
After working as a photographer for "Look" magazine in the late 1940s and early 1950s, he began making short films on a shoestring budget, and made his first major Hollywood film, "The Killing", for United Artists in 1956.
The following is a list of Victoria Cross recipients whose nationality is uncertain.
He was a younger son of the 7th Duke of Alburquerque, and brother of Francisco Fernández de la Cueva, 8th Duke of Alburquerque, who served as Viceroy of New Spain.
During the Sixth Victory Loan Drive in May 1944, Nelson and his employees at the Capital Theatre were awarded a coveted flag on behalf of the National War Finance Committee in Ottawa.
He established the legendary library Bayt al-Hikma ("House of Wisdom") in Baghdad in present-day Iraq, and during his rule Baghdad began to flourish as a center of knowledge, culture and trade.
Emperor Zhao was the youngest son of Emperor Wu of Han.
In 1574, Montferrat was elevated to a Duchy and Guglielmo became its first duke.
It is important to determine from the requester whether the information requested refers to the applicant's" place of birth" or" nationality at birth".
Tekla Chemabwai (born July 3, 1950 in Mosombor) is retired sprinter and middle-distance runner from Kenya.
Toe Naing Mann is married to Zay Zin Latt, the daughter of Khin Shwe, a business tycoon who owns Zaykabar Company.
Maurino R. Richton (August 3, 1909–April 30, 1995) was an American politician and lawyer.
The Touch  is a 1971 romantic drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Max von Sydow, Bibi Andersson, Elliott Gould, and Sheila Reid.
Eastwood's greatest commercial successes have been the adventure comedy" Every Which Way But Loose"( 1978) and it s sequel, the action comedy" Any Which Way You Can"( 1980), after adjustment for inflation.
On 17 September 1520 in Warsaw, Sophia was married by proxy to Stephen VII Báthory.
James or Jim Wright may refer to:
Byron's illegitimate children include Allegra Byron, who died in childhood, and possibly Elizabeth Medora Leigh.
Ye Qun( 2 December 1917 – 13 September 1971) was the wife of Lin Biao, the Vice- Chairman of China who controlled China's military power.
There is a statue of him on the top of the Holy Trinity Chantry Chapel in Tewkesbury Abbey, renowned as the "KNEELING KNIGHT".
Bernard( II) of Świdnica( c. 1291 – 6 May 1326) was a Duke of Jawor- Lwówek- Świdnica- Ziębice during 1301 – 1312( with his brothers as co-rulers), of Świdnica- Ziębice during 1312 – 1322( with his brother as co-ruler), and sole Duke of Świdnica since 1322 until his death.
She was appointed professor at the University of Oslo in 1973.
He began his military service in 1746, participating in the Seven Years' War (1756–1763).
His 15-year reign was the longest since the 19-year rule of Septimius Severus.
Didrik Solli- Tangen( born 11 June 1987) is a Norwegian singer who represented Norway in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 on homeland with the song" My Heart Is Yours".
He was succeeded to the title of Baronet Cory- Wright by his son Geoffrey Cory- Wright.
Henry tried, with little success, to reacquire the property Richard had sold, and had to live as a modest gentleman, never formally taking title as earl.
He has done about 26 films in Hindi alone, the highest number of films done by any Bollywood director after David Dhawan.
Margaret de Clare, Countess of Gloucester, Countess of Cornwall( 12 October 1293 – 9 April 1342) was an English noblewoman, heiress, and the second- eldest of the three daughters of Gilbert de Clare, 6th Earl of Hertford and his wife Joan of Acre, making her a granddaughter of King Edward I of England.
The Jedi census phenomenon is a grassroots movement that was initiated in 2001 for residents of a number of English- speaking countries, urging them to record their religion as" Jedi" or" Jedi Knight"( after the quasi-religious order of Jedi Knights in the fictional" Star Wars" universe) on the national census.
She has represented Mexico internationally in several international competitions including the Central American and Caribbean Games, Pan American Games, Women's World Team Squash Championships.
Popular recordings in 1910 were by Billy Murray and The Haydn Quartet; Ada Jones; and The Peerless Quartet.
Tangalan Elementary School is a public school in Tangalan, Aklan, Philippines.
Chalisa Junction railway station is located in Pakistan.
Kelly has sold over 75 million records worldwide, making him the most successful R&B male artist of the 1990s and one of the world's best-selling music artists.
At the close of voting, it had received 4 points, placing 10th in a field of 13.
His" Catalogue des mollusques terrestres et fluviatiles: vivants et fossiles, de la France continentale e insulaire", 1855, catalogued all the molluscs found in France, living and fossilized.
Lady Arbuthnott died at her residence, Arbuthnott house, Fordoun, Kincardineshire, on 4 March 1902.
her August 1179 death was reported in the "Annales Toledanos".
It was shot digitally over one month, beginning on 7 November 2010.
Louis d'Albret (1422–1465) was a French Cardinal.
He owned Heimar manor (now).
The Last Dawn is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.
Breckinridge was born near Lexington, Kentucky to a prominent local family.
Francis Stuart, 10th Earl of Moray KT (2 February 1771 – 12 January 1848) was the son of Francis Stuart, 9th Earl of Moray.
The First American Teenager was a 1976 American documentary film about actor James Dean featuring interviews with many of Dean's friends and co-stars.
His film" Helden" was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1958.
(21 January 1855, Naples,
Arthur Charles Valerian Wellesley, 9th Duke of Wellington (born 19 August 1945), styled Earl of Mornington between 1945 and 1972 and Marquess of Douro between 1972 and 2014, is a British aristocrat and politician.
His songs include "Wabash Avenue After Dark" and the hits "Put on Your Old Grey Bonnet" (1909, lyrics by Stanley Murphy), "When You Wore a Tulip
This film was also a response to Mohammed Bakri's film entitled Jenin, Jenin.
"The Other Woman" (2014) and  (2016).
Eedara Veera Venkata Satyanarayana (10 June 1956 – 21 January 2011), better known as E. V. V. Satyanarayana, was an Indian film director, screenwriter and producer known for his works in Telugu cinema.
William Duckett White (1807–1893) was a squatter and politician in Queensland, Australia.
It was released in China by Beijing Juhe Yinglian Media on May 6, 2016.
Hermann von Salza( or Hermann of Salza; c. 1165 – 20 March 1239) was the fourth Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights, serving from 1210 to 1239.
His mother was Spanish, and on her side he was a direct descendant of explorer Christopher Columbus.
The film was nominated for a Palme d' Or( Golden Palm) at the 1969 Cannes Film Festival In 1973, Petrović was forced to leave his post at the Belgrade Film Academy after being accused of holding anti-communist views by the communist government of Yugoslavia.
Ambesser was born in Hamburg and attended Wilhelm- Gymnasium.
It won a Golden Dolphin in the 1988 Festróia- Tróia International Film Festival.
Nasr ad- Din Abu Abdallah Muhammad ibn Asad ad- Din Shirkuh( sometimes referred to as Nasr ad- Din ibn Shirkuh and al- Malik al- Qahir) was the Ayyubid emir of Homs from 1179 to 1186.
Lisa Lee Dark( born 16 April 1981 in Swansea, Wales), is a Welsh opera singer and voice actress.
On 30 January 2008, he left UDC and he founded the White Rose movement with Bruno Tabacci.
" Wash All Over Me" is a song recorded by American singer Madonna for her thirteenth studio album," Rebel Heart"( 2015).
Fleet Admiral Gial Ackbar is a fictional character in the" Star Wars" franchise.
He was born in New York, New York, and died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles.
Established in 1756, one of the first official duties of the company was the delineation of the boundaries of the Douro wine region.
When he was a child, during the summers he was at his grandfather's farm Langegården on Brännö where he built his own home.
He is the twin brother of Guy Fournier.
The People vs. Larry Flynt is a 1996 American biographical drama film directed by Miloš Forman and starring Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love, and Edward Norton.
Attica Junior- Senior High School is a middle school and high school located in Attica, Indiana.
He reached the rank of lieutenant general there.
San Bartolomé hospital was built during his term of office.
The film introduced Dolby Stereo into Malayalam cinema.
Sheikh Mohammed had a total of 18 siblings, with him being the seventh of his father's sons.
She gave birth to a son, but died in childbirth.
The Parkes railway station is a heritage- listed former locomotive depot and railway station and now locomotive roundhouse and railway station located on the Broken Hill line in May Street, Parkes in the Parkes Shire local government area of New South Wales, Australia.
Her professional stage debut came in her father's 2002 production of" Mrs. Warren's Profession", which earned her enthusiastic reviews and the Ian Charleson Award.
Nayelly achieved her highest career ranking of 57 in October 2011 during the 2011 PSA World Tour.
On July 11, 2019, Kelly was arrested on federal charges alleging sex crimes and obstruction of justice.
Streisand also received the Golden Globe Award for Best Director, becoming the first (and to date only) woman to win that award.
The song samples" Infinity" by London- based duo Infinity Ink.
ʿ Iṣmat ad- Dīn Khātūn( died January 26, 1186), also known as Asimat, was the daughter of Mu'in ad- Din Unur, regent of Damascus, and wife of two of the greatest Muslim generals of the 12th century, Nur ad- Din and Saladin.
Chang Cheh directed more than 90 films in Greater China, the majority of them with the Shaw Brothers Studio in Hong Kong.
The Smell of Success is a 2009 Initiate Productions film directed by Michael Polish and starring Billy Bob Thornton, Téa Leoni, Kyle MacLachlan, and Ed Helms.
She is also frequently mentioned in the "Humayun-nama" by her niece Gulbadan Begum, who calls her aunt 'Dearest Lady' ("aka janam").
He then abdicated in favour of his heir apparent and second son, Sheikh Hamad bin Abdullah Al Thani, in 1940.
In August 978, Lothair invaded Germany and captured the imperial capital of Aachen, but failed to capture either Otto or Charles.
Lizzie Borden( born 1950 or 1958) is an American filmmaker, and is best known for the 1983 film" Born in Flames".
The pledge is required by Section 5.1 of the national bylaws and many state affiliates of the Libertarian Party also have bylaw provisions requiring it.
" La Paloma" was extremely popular in both Spain and the Americas( especially Mexico), where it was responsible for the great popularity achieved by the habanera.
In 1999, the Assembly of Turkmenistan declared Niyazov President for Life of Turkmenistan.
Veras was married to Vanda de Sousa Alcântara, with whom he had four children.
The main character in the film is called Rahikainen.
His 1964 film" Tonio Kröger" was entered into the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
He settled in Szepes (now Spiš in Slovakia) where he had held large estates since the late 1210s.
Students who voluntarily sign the pledge seek out employment that reflects their values, sometimes turning down jobs with which they do not feel comfortable.
He was the grandfather of Nara Bhupal Shah.
It was screened at the 2012 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Waldo Salt Screenwriting Award.
Aura Herzog, née Ambache
She is perhaps best known for her portrayals of Alice Moore in the 1942 horror film" Cat People", and its sequel," The Curse of the Cat People"( 1944).
The film is filled with an endless flow of the band's jokes and satire and their amazing Afro-fusion melodies, most composed by members of Liyana.
He gained the rank of Captain in the service of the 42nd Regiment of Foot.
A sequel, titled, was released on February 8, 2018.
Rosemary is a 1958 West German drama film directed by Rolf Thiele and starring Nadja Tiller, Peter van Eyck and Carl Raddatz.
It is also used in juxtaposition to" Blue Tail Fly" near the beginning of the Merchant Ivory film" The Ballad of the Sad Cafe".
Ghutan( transl. Suffocation) is a 2007 Hindi horror film directed by Shyam Ramsay.
Sonnenallee is a railway station in the Neukölln district of Berlin.
The couple had three children:
The film's cast includes Will Sasso, Ben Schnetzer, Tantoo Cardinal, Eric Schweig, Natar Ungalaaq, Anna Lambe, Paul Nutarariaq and Madeline Ivalu.
James Stanley Cocanower[ Hi-me]( born February 14, 1957) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Milwaukee Brewers from 1983 to 1986.
He attended Tehran Polytechnic University until 2002, when he emigrated to Europe to study architecture at the Royal Academy of Sciences in Stockholm.
The film is a surreal satire of Mormon theology.
David Hackl (born February 7, 1963 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian film director and production designer.
The album debuted at number nine on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 chart, selling 45,000 copies in its first week.
The pledge has received a mixed reaction.
Victor L. Schertzinger( April 8, 1888- October 26, 1941) was an American composer, film director, film producer, and screenwriter.
He makes a few appearances in the English government records and witnessed a charter of William the Lion, King of Scotland.
Charlotte Jane, daughter and heiress of Herbert Windsor, 2nd Viscount Windsor.
In 2017, Evans starred as Gaston in Disney's live- action adaptation of" Beauty and the Beast", and portrayed American psychologist William Moulton Marston, creator of fictional character Wonder Woman, in the biographical drama" Professor Marston and the Wonder Women".
The son of Cleombrotus I, he succeeded his brother Agesipolis II.
Miles from Our Home is the seventh studio album by Canadian alt- country band Cowboy Junkies, which was released in 1998.
He was buried at Graefenthal Abbey.
She was sister of Sophia Dorothea of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg
It serves students in grades 6- 12; middle school students( grades 6- 8) attend classes at North Bend Middle School, while students in grades 9- 12 attend classes at North Bend High School.
Louis XIV (Louis Dieudonné; 5 September 16381 September 1715), known as Louis
Her mother was Clementina Walkinshaw, who was mistress to the Prince from 1752 until 1760.
Curtis Grubb (17301789), Patriot and oldest son of Peter and Martha Bates Grubb, was a second-generation member of the Grubb Family Iron Dynasty along with his younger brother
He took a part at the First Crusade as part of the army of Hugh the Great that attempted to capture the Holy Lands, called by Pope Urban II in 1095.
William I of Guelders and Jülich KG( 5 March 1364 – 16 February 1402, Arnhem) was Duke of Guelders, as William I, from 1377 and Duke of Jülich, as William III, from 1393.
It was eventually picked up and released by VCI Home Video in early 1994.
Lawrence Kasdan, Lucas' collaborator on" Raiders of the Lost Ark", turned down the offer to write the script, and Willard Huyck and Gloria Katz were hired as his replacements, with the screenplay partly based upon the 1939 film" Gunga Din".
Born in Lower Merion, Pennsylvania, Williamson played high school basketball for Lower Merion and college basketball at Saint Joseph's.
Hutchinson, the son of a Royal Air Force pilot, was born in England on 13 July 1941.
begins "Hello Central, dear Central, listen here: please connect me with my father" and tells the story from the point of view of a young boy calling his father on the telephone to ask him to leave work and deal with an assortment of family problems at home.
Abu'l- Abbas Ahmad ibn Talha al- Muwaffaq( 853/4 or 860/1 – 5 April 902), better known by his regnal name al- Mu'tadid bi-llah(" Seeking Support in God"), was the Caliph of the Abbasid Caliphate from 892 until his death in 902.
Then he made Ghutan in 2007 and a comedy horror film, Bachao in 2010.
Metagaming Concepts, later known simply as Metagaming, was a company that published board games from 1974 to 1983.
Children Underground is an American 2001 documentary film directed by Edet Belzberg.
He served as the Rector of the Ludwik Solski Academy for the Dramatic Arts in Kraków for two terms: from 1990 to 1996 and again from 2002 to 2008.
Baughman was the first Secret Service Chief to pen a memoir concerning the office he held.
He was the second and youngest son of Louise Auguste of Denmark and Frederik Christian II, Duke of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Augustenburg.
Frances Adeline Miller Seward (September 25, 1805 – June 21, 1865) was the First Lady of New York and the wife of William Henry Seward, a senator in the New York legislature, Governor of New York, a senator from New York and United States Secretary of State under President Abraham Lincoln.
The Great O'Malley is a 1937 crime film directed by William Dieterle and starring Pat O'Brien, Sybil Jason, Humphrey Bogart, and Ann Sheridan.
J. Edgar is a 2011 American biographical drama film directed, produced and scored by Clint Eastwood.
It was attributed to the sculptor Thutmose, and it was found in his workshop.
Sentenced to ten years of penal servitude, he was employed as an orderly at the Invalid Depot.
Examples include medium- sized cities, such as Newberry, South Carolina; Saddle River, New Jersey; Little Rock, Arkansas; and St. Charles, Missouri; and major cities such as Boston, Massachusetts, New Orleans, Louisiana; Miami, Florida; and Los Angeles, California.
He completed his medical studies at Montpellier and remained attached to the countryside of the southwest of France.
Porfirio Veras( born 15 July 1943) is a Dominican Republic sprinter.
The Little Rock Trojans baseball team, is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of the University of Arkansas at Little Rock in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States.
His eldest son Henry succeeded to the title, followed by his second son Mowbray.
He directed and wrote over 40 films between 1931 and 1979.
Battle Taxi is a 1955 American aviation drama film directed by Herbert L. Strock and written by Malvin Wald.
Seven Women( Spanish: Siete Mujeres) is a 1953 Mexican drama film directed by Juan Bustillo Oro and starring Amelia Bence, Alma Rosa Aguirre and Bárbara Gil.
Mann was Rambert's 2015/ 16 Music Fellow, British Council/ PRSF
Louis William, Landgrave of Hesse- Homburg( 29 August 1770 in Homburg – 19 January 1839 in Luxembourg), was Landgrave of Hesse- Homburg from 1829 until his death.
She was the daughter of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria and his second wife, a converted Jew, Theodora.
Dana Blankstein- Cohen( born March 3, 1981) is the director of the Israeli Academy of Film and Television.
Born in Plymouth, Vermont, John C. Coolidge was a farmer and store owner, and worked at a variety of other occupations, including banker and insurance broker.
A tour of North America followed with an All Star line- up with the likes of K.C. Porter, Don Was, Walfredo Reyes Jr and Carlos Santana.
Kettle of fish can refer to:
The most notorious of all Legnica Piast rulers, thanks to his excellent financial politics his Duchy was expanded to the Oder River, and he became the founder of the Duchy of Legnica- Wołów- Brzeg.
Dee's fiancé is missing, and she is willing to pay Petra above the going rate in order to find him.
Some scholars believe that Nefertiti ruled briefly as Neferneferuaten after her husband's death and before the accession of Tutankhamun, although this identification is a matter of ongoing debate.
While he received star billing in vaudeville, he was best known for his prolific work in the recording studio, making records for almost every record label of the era.
She appeared in Broadway theatrical productions, creating the title role in the original Broadway production of "The Merry Widow".
All World has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
Louise-Françoise was known as "Mademoiselle du Maine" and had no children.
He was buried at Frenhill Cemetery in Saint John, New Brunswick.
In 1964, he was a member of the jury at the 14th Berlin International Film Festival.
He also appeared in 74 films between 1914 and 1931.
Antoine of Vaudémont( – 22 March 1458) was Count of Vaudémont and Sieur de Joinville from 1418 to 1458.
During principal photography, each of the boxing scenes was choreographed for a specific visual style and De Niro gained approximately to portray LaMotta in his later post-boxing years.
These were first forged during the campaigns against the Zanj and were reinforced in later expeditions which the Caliph led in person: al- Mu'tadid would prove to be the most militarily active of all Abbasid caliphs.
Stell attended Eastern New Mexico University, New Mexico State University, Western New Mexico University and the University of New Mexico.
The album came out in Hungary one week later through Nail Records.
For his numerous contributions to low temperature physics, in 1996 he shared the prestigious Fritz London Memorial prize with Carl Wieman and Eric A. Cornell.
Wenceslaus II, Duke of Legnica( 1348 – 30 December 1419) was a Duke of Legnica from 1364( only nominal; from 1409 he reigned alone and personally) until 1413, Bishop of Lebus( 1375 – 82) and Breslau( Wroclaw)( 1382 – 1417; also Duke of Nysa-Otmuchów.
In 1621, he succeeded his uncle Henri de Lorraine- Guise as Duke of Mayenne .< br>
She was the mother- in- law of Edward J. Danziger and wrote a number of the screenplays for films by his company Danziger Productions.
His sons, including his eldest and successor, Nicholas II, continued to hold the castle until Venice could send relief, but the relief was too late in coming and the citadel fell and Nicholas was captured.
Finally, Open Access 3 closed on 4 April 2011 after its Sky EPG slot of channel 190 was purchased by Sony Pictures Television for Sony Entertainment Television, making it now possible that SPT can launch their Japanese animation- oriented satellite service, Animax in the UK.
He was the fourth son and sixth child of William I, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg and Juliana of Stolberg.
He received the 1973 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and Tony Award for Best Play for his play "That Championship Season" and was widely recognized for his role as Father Damien Karras in the 1973 horror film "The Exorcist," a role he reprised in "The Exorcist III."
Viscount was the first Director of Railways in Japan and is known as the" father of the Japanese railways".
Micheletto Corella( Micheletto Coreglia, Michele de Corella or Miguel de Corella) was a Valencian condottiero born on an unknown date in Valencia.
In 1835 he was elected to the House of Commons for Bedfordshire, a seat he held until his death in 1851.
In December, 1881, he married Harriet Lawrence, who became the cofounder of the initial Audubon Society; the Massachusetts Audubon Society; they had 5 children.
Because of his position he was one of the few Canadians to handle Ultra decrypts.
Alyonka is a 1961 Soviet comedy film directed by Boris Barnet.
He left seven children upon his death.
Moviemaker Ray Dennis Steckler created the characters, wrote 'Hollywood', and directed the first movie of the trilogy.
He also led the Krontjong Ensemble Pantja Warna.
It flows into the Crișul Alb near Bârsa.
Sima Qian praised Marquess Wen of Wei for his eagerness to learn.
Michael Richard Jai White( born November 10, 1967) is an American actor, director, and martial artist.
He was the third son of Bernhard I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his wife Princess Sophie, daughter of King Abel of Denmark.
The Woman Who Did( German: Die Frau mit dem schlechten Ruf, English: The Woman with the Bad Reputation) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Benjamin Christensen and starring Lionel Barrymore, Gustav Fröhlich and Alexandra Sorina.
The son of King Zhao of Wei, and the half- brother of King Anxi of Wei, he served the State of Wei as Senior General.
Released as the album's third single in the United States, it reached number 21 on the US "Billboard" Dance Club Songs chart.
Sir Michael John Hopkins( born 7 May 1935) is an English architect.
Gerhard Lamprecht (6 October 1897 – 4 May 1974) was a German film director, screenwriter and film historian.
Dig Me
With the arrival of Gioachino Rossini his operas became less desirable with the public, and by 1817 his operas were no longer performed.
It was jointly produced by Imam and Pawan Tiwari who also acts.
The song has since sold more than 1.6 million copies in the UK; it reached number one following Lennon's murder in December 1980.
" Chahunga Main Tujhe" is an Indian Hindi song from the Bollywood film" Dosti"( 1964).
In the late 1960s, he produced a variety of experimental short stories (or "condensed novels"), such as those collected in the controversial "The Atrocity Exhibition" (1970).
It was released in 1948.
Peter Levin is an American director of film, television and theatre.
The film was directed by Ishirō Honda with special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya and stars Rhodes Reason, Linda Jo Miller, Akira Takarada, Mie Hama, Eisei Amamoto, with Haruo Nakajima as King Kong and Yū Sekida as Mechani- Kong and Gorosaurus.
Hajen som visste för mycket( The Shark Who Knew Too Much) is a 1989 Swedish comedy film directed by Claes Eriksson and the second to star the members of Galenskaparna och After Shave.
He had a brother, Thomas Neville, and a sister, Joan Neville, wife of Sir James Radcliffe.
His 1958 film" Ash Wednesday" was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival and his 1959 film" Beyond All Limits" was entered into the following years festival.
Accompanied only by a piano in the song (played by co-writer Wilson), Adele sings about the end of the relationship with her ex-boyfriend.
Grammatically, the reference to" these Virgin Islands" rather than" the Virgin Islands" at the end of the pledge renders the pledge ungrammatical when recited outside the territory.
Twenty- five paintings in the choir illustrate his life.
She launched her clothing line," Francesca Sterlacci Ltd." in 1980, and continued designing clothes under her label until 1989.
The school was established in 1953 by the late Pt. Girdhari Lal Salwan.
Quintana Saravia Haydée Mercedes, known as Mercedes Quintana( 1910 – 1996 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine classical dancer, choreographer, director and actress of stage, screen and television.
He was the eldest son of Hugh Percy, 10th Duke of Northumberland, and a godchild of Queen Elizabeth II.
Hugh Hefner assembled Hollywood- area musicians for" A Great Day in Hollywood" in conjunction with a sneak preview of" A Great Day in Harlem".
Ant- Man is a 2015 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics characters of the same name: Scott Lang and Hank Pym.
Foxx is also a Grammy Award-winning musician, producing four albums, which have charted in the top ten of the U.S. "Billboard" 200: "Unpredictable" (2005), which topped the chart, "Intuition" (2008), "Best Night of My Life" (2010), and (2015).
Louise and her husband Prince Antoni Radziwiłł were popular for their patronage of music, as well as their prominent positions in Berlin society.
His 1965 film "Heaven on One's Head" was entered into the 4th Moscow International Film Festival where it won a Golden Prize.
The backing band is the René Hall Orchestra.
She has accumulated the most "Billboard" Hot 100 entries among women of all genres.
Patchen Pass is a low mountain pass through the Santa Cruz Mountains of California, connecting the Santa Clara Valley to Santa Cruz and the Pacific coast via California State Route 17.
He took command in Upper Silesia in the spring of 1745, to the special satisfaction of his cousin, King Frederick II of Prussia.
His essay was included in a special anthology by New York City public school children compiled and published by the New York City Department of Education.
Abd al- Muttalib Shaybah ibn Hashim( c. 497 – 578) was the grandfather of Islamic prophet Muhammad.
She brought £ 20,000 to the marriage.
After achieving success in the Western TV series" Rawhide", he rose to international fame with his role as the Man with No Name in Italian filmmaker Sergio Leone's" Dollars" Trilogy of spaghetti Westerns during the 1960s and as antihero cop Harry Callahan in the five" Dirty Harry" films throughout the 1970s and 1980s.
Peju Ogunmola is a Yoruba film actress who stars in Nollywood movies of Yoruba genres.
In his films and novels, Pavlović depicted the cruel reality of small, poor and abandoned people living in the corners of society.
The latter work was a poetic anthology compiled by his sons Francisco and Manuel de Benavides and published in 1660 (second edition, 1664).
Theodred II was a medieval Bishop of Elmham.
In 2010 Wang was appointed a "chevalier" of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres.
He was born in Del Norte, Colorado, and died in Hollywood, California.
It was released in 1942.
In 1465 he was Bishop of Tarbes and Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals.
Princess Helena Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg( 1 June 1888- 30 June 1962) was the third eldest daughter of Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig- Holstein and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Augustenburg.
The film had musical score by Sirpy.
His 1937 film" The Life of Emile Zola" won the Academy Award for Best Picture, the second biographical feature to do so.
St Mary's is a Roman Catholic secondary school and sixth form with academy status located in Wallasey, Wirral, England.
A copy of the film, thought to be lost, was found in a Russian archive and shown publicly in 2015.
Since beginning his solo career, Zombie has sold an estimated fifteen million albums worldwide.
" The Lamp Still Burns" was produced by actor Leslie Howard, who was killed in the service of his country not long after the film was released.
He died in Paris in 1813.
Girls in White is a 1936 German musical comedy film directed by Victor Janson and starring Maria Cebotari, Iván Petrovich and Hilde von Stolz.
Clement Power( born 20 August 1980 in London) is a British conductor.
Mariners of the Sky( also known as Navy Born) is a 1936 American comedy- drama film directed by Nate Watt, in his directorial debut.
Kristian Levring( born May 9, 1957) is a Danish film director.
His films broke theatre attendance records and are still some of the top- selling DVDs in Russia.
Dietrich was the second son of Count Adolf III of the Marck and Margaret of Jülich.
Daphne and the Diplomat is a 1937 German comedy film directed by Robert A. Stemmle and starring Karin Hardt, Gerda Maurus and Hans Nielsen.
After the Beatles disbanded in 1970, Lennon continued as a solo artist.
It was in particular his series of" Frau Wirtinhostess") films, directed under the pseudonym François Legrand, with which he tried to win international recognition.
" The Phantom" was released on June 7, 1996, and received mixed reviews from film critics, who were divided over whether its pulp adventure approach was charming and authentic or vapid and dull.
She was the mother of Mary de Bohun, the first wife of Henry of Bolingbroke who later reigned as King Henry IV, and Eleanor de Bohun, Duchess of Gloucester.
She married Count Albert of Nassau-Weilburg on 16 June 1559 and had the following children:
At a much later date, Godfrey became Duke of Lower Lorraine, but he had lost the upper duchy by that point in time.
Noggin was an American magazine that published art, fiction, cartoons, and social and political commentary.
In the Berlusconi II Cabinet he was sub -secretary of the Foreign Ministry from 2001 to 2004.
Cristóvão de Mendonça (Mourão?, 1475 – Ormus, 1532) was a Portuguese noble and explorer who was active in South East Asia in the 16th century.
He was first elected at the Laval — Two Mountains riding in a 20 December 1948 by-election.
A list of notable film directors from Slovenia:
He could remove cataracts by a surgical procedure known as couching.
Since the Emperor plans to personally oversee the final stages of its construction, the Rebel Fleet launches a full- scale attack on the Death Star in order to prevent its completion and kill the Emperor, effectively bringing an end to his hold over the galaxy.
Lady Sarah Frances Elizabeth Chatto( née Armstrong- Jones; born 1 May 1964) is a member of the extended British royal family.
The film is the last entry in Eddie Romero's epic historical film trilogy after Ganito Kami Noon, Paano Kayo Ngayon?
Harry Beaumont( February 10, 1888 – December 22, 1966) was an American film director, actor, and screenwriter.
Ming Luhulima aka Lou Lima was a well known Netherlands based recording artist originally from the Maluku Islands which were part of the Dutch East Indies.
It was a sequel to the 1918 film" Riders of the Purple Sage", which also starred William Farnum as Lassiter.
Wright, he assumed by Royal licence the additional surname of Cory in 1903.
William de Brus possessed large estates in the north of England.
Together, they had the following children:
Al-Mu'tasim's reign was marked by continuous warfare.
William was co-ruler from 1343.
Gérard Oury( born Max- Gérard Houry Tannenbaum; 29 April 1919 – 20 July 2006) was a French film director, actor and writer.
When the film was originally released by Columbia Pictures, audiences seemed to enjoy the film.
Code Name:
The Whales of August is a 1987 American drama film directed by Lindsay Anderson and starring Bette Davis and Lillian Gish as elderly sisters.
He became Earl of Chester in his own right six weeks later on the death of his mother in January 1233.
It is based on the life of the celebrated Irish dancer and courtesan Lola Montez( 1821 – 1861), portrayed by Martine Carol, and tells the story of the most famous of her many notorious affairs, those with Franz Liszt and Ludwig I of Bavaria.
Kudo was selected as the Athlete of the Year by IAU for the years of 2012 and 2013.
She was a daughter of Charles Paulet, 1st Duke of Bolton, by his second wife Mary Scrope.
In October, de Pencier won the Directors Guild of Canada award for Best Direction in a Feature Film.
In 2001 he was re-elected at the Parliament; in 2002 he joined the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats, the result of a merger between CCD, United Christian Democrats, and European Democracy.
Richon received his bachelor's degree from Northwestern University in 1933 and his law degree from John Marshall Law School in Chicago, Illinois.
Isabelle was referred to as Madame de Florenville during the in 1285, hosted by Louis' grandson Louis V, successor Count of Chiny,
Upon Louis’ death, his daughter Jeanne became Countess of Chiny until her marriage to Arnold IV, when he became the first Count of Chiny of the second dynasty as Arnold II.
Reid went on to work in television, while Linda Hayden, who was only 15 at the time of filming, later appeared in sexploitation movies, including two of the entries in the" Confessions" film series," Confessions of a Window Cleaner"( 1974) and" Confessions from a Holiday Camp"( 1977).
Beginning as a writer( and later director) of comedy films, he is best known for his work for Hammer, for whom he directed 14 films, and science fiction films.
He started 2017 as the youngest member of Team USA, which won the gold medal in the 2017 World Baseball Classic, and ended the season winning the 2017 World Series with the Astros.
Björk has also been an advocate for environmental causes in her home country Iceland.
My Cape of Many Dreams is a 1981 Taiwanese romance drama film directed by Liu Li-li, based on Chiung Yao's 1979 novel.
He does not neglect the social subjects, nor even the series B. Maurice Cloche also realizes several documentaries on art: Terre d'amour, Symphonie graphique, Alsace, Franche- Comté, Gothic images.
He was commissioned a brigadier general and then expelled from the Senate.
the Pious  (1196 – 9 April 1241), of the Silesian line of the Piast dynasty, was Duke of Silesia at Wrocław and Duke of Kraków and thus High Duke of all Poland as well as Duke of Southern Greater Poland from 1238 until his death.
OASPA brings together the major open access publishers on the one hand and independent—often society- based or university- based—publishers on the other, along with some hybrid open access publishers.
The film was based on" I Was an Alien Spouse of Female Military Personnel Enroute to the United States Under Public Law 271 of the Congress", a biography of Henri Rochard, a Belgian who married an American nurse.
The cast included many of the most noted Quebec actors, including Gratien Gélinas, Rémy Girard, Dominique Michel, Denise Filiatrault, Juliette Huot, Donald Pilon, Anne Létourneau, Andrée Pelletier, Michel Forget, Gabrielle Lazure, Olivette Thibault, Jocelyn Bérubé, Charlotte Laurier, Paul Almond and André Melançon, as well as English Canadian actors John Wildman, Vlasta Vrána and John Boylan as anglophone characters.
She is also known in Australia for being a permanent fixture in the country's tabloids and for her close friendship with billionaire businessman James Packer, with whom she and her husband Chris Hancock lived for a year, and who introduced her to Scientology, of which she became one of the country's most high- profile members.
She was a Princess of Japan as the daughter of Emperor Go-Fushimi of Japan and the Court Lady Saionji (Fujiwara).
The original narrator of" City Confidential," Paul Winfield, was involved from the show's premiere in 1998 until his death in 2004.
His most prominent film was "A Window in London"
He proposed to Margaret early the following year.
Nai Maa is a 1960 Bollywood film starring Balraj Sahni and Daisy Irani.
The film was released in North America on May 24, 1989 to mostly positive reviews and a financial success, earning $474.2 million at the worldwide box office totals.
The Cracăul Alb is a river in the Vânători- Neamț Natural Park in Neamț County, Romania.
Douglas Gordon( born 20 September 1966) is a Scottish artist.
He was the President of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA) and the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA).
It was distributed by the German branch of the Rank Organisation.
The song also topped the charts in Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, Brazil, Italy, France and Switzerland, and has become Adele's second number one in the US.
He influenced Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Chuck Berry, Jerry Lee Lewis, Bob Dylan, George Jones, Charley Pride, and The Rolling Stones, among others.
Instead of just presenting unrelated clips and videos just strung together, it uses a framing' story', featuring Bill Wyman and Mick Jagger, directed by Julien Temple and includes some video directed by Michael Lindsay- Hogg.
Most known for" Żywot MateuszaMatthew's Days") based on a novel by Norwegian writer Tarjei Vesaas," Konopielka", adapted from the novel of Edward Redliński," Siekierezada" based on a novel by Edward Stachura and many others films.
Bernhard II, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg( ca. 1260 – aft. 26 December 1323), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Bernburg.
George Grey, 2nd Earl of Kent( 1454 – 25 December 1505) was the son of Edmund Grey, 1st Earl of Kent and Lady Katherine Percy.
His work includes the novels "Heart-Shaped Box" (2007), "Horns" (2010), "NOS4A2" (2013), and "The Fireman" (2016); the short story collections "20th Century Ghosts" (2005) and "Strange Weather" (2017); and the comic book series "Locke & Key" (2008–2013).
He was the elder son of Frederick IV of Nuremberg and Margarete of Görz.
Hereford also fought in Wales in 1282–83 and 1294 – 95.
The song" En gång i Stockholm" won the contest, but Monica Zetterlund was appointed to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest in London.
The film was released in the US as Carnaby, MD.
Lin Cheng- chih( born 17 February 1939) or Helen Lin is a Taiwanese politician.
He was a commander in the Parliamentary army in the English Civil War.
Lennon and Ono co-produced the song and album of the same name with Phil Spector.
It was written by Kyle Jarrow.
In 1884, Chopin started a business as a chemist at York.
Sir Arthur Cory Cory- Wright, 2nd Baronet( 18 November 1869 – 21 April 1951) was a British businessman.
Henry became the 17th Lord St John on the death of his father in 1912, and inherited Melchbourne Park.
My Favorite Season" (1993) and "Wild Reeds" (1994).
Richardis was a daughter of Otto I Wittelsbach, Duke of Bavaria.
Ibn al- Zayyat initially proposed al- Wathiq's son Muhammad( the future al- Muhtadi), but due to his youth he was passed over, and instead the council chose another of al- Mu'tasim's sons, the 26- year- old Ja'far, who became the caliph al- Mutawakkil.
He was a recipient of the Military Cross the prestigious award for "gallantry during active operations against the enemy."
Francisco de Jaén,
Huctinson and Cowley soon partnered in 1974 to form two film companies based in Wellington, New Zealand – Film Facilities, a film rental company, and their production company, Motion Pictures Limited.
She is most noted for her 2011 film" Throat Song", which won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Live Action Short Drama at the 1st Canadian Screen Awards.
The film's art direction was by Robert A. Dietrich.
Anne of Bohemia( 1290 –1313) was the eldest surviving daughter of Wenceslaus II of Bohemia and Poland and his first wife Judith of Habsburg.
On 13 January 1559 he was raised to the peerage himself as Baron St John of Bletso, in the county of Bedfordshire.
In addition, she has released two EPs," This is Not an EP" and" Catch Me if You Can".
Andrew II (117721 September 1235), also known as Andrew of Jerusalem, was King of Hungary and Croatia between 1205 and 1235.
He then began directing plays for the Odéon, working alongside the lauded actor and director .
She has been married to former basketball player Grant Hill since 1999; they have two daughters.
Her films focused on achieving documentary realism, addressing feminist issues and producing other social commentary, with a distinctive experimental style.
He was versatile and could handle any kind of picture: melodrama, comedy, love story, film noir, musical, war story, Western, or historical epic.
In contrast, the editor of the 1805 edition of Bruce's work, Alexander Murray, excised all but the first two paragraphs of his chapter on this ruler, replacing Bruce's material with a summary of a chronicle of the reign, stating that "the annals of this period are very complete, the public transactions of Bacuffa are well known, though his motives seldom escaped from his own impenetrable breast."
Jennifer Lawrence plays the unpredictable wife of Bale's character.
Mériadec was a chaplain of the Empress Joséphine de Beauharnais.
Günther Rittau( born 7 August 1893 in Königshütte( Silesia); died 6 August 1971 in Munich) was a German cinematographer and film director.
It is a tributary of the Big Fork River.
Robert de Brus, "the Noble" (ca.
Aleksandar" Saša" Petrović( 14 January 1929 – 20 August 1994) was a Yugoslav and Serbian film director who was one of the leading European directors in the 1960s and one of the major figures of the Yugoslav Black Wave.
Goodbye to Yesterday may refer to:
T. Hayes Hunter( December 1, 1884 – April 14, 1944), formally known as Thomas Hayes Hunter, was an American film director and producer of the silent era.
Charles Herbert Brown( 28 August 1873 – 23 October 1941) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League( VFL).
Wilbur Stark and Jerry Bruckheimer served as executive producers.
Django Unchained" (2012), the supervillain Electro in "The Amazing Spider-Man 2
On February 9, 1307 shortly after King Robert returned to Arran from Rathlin, Andrew, his brother Thomas de Brus and Sir Reginald Crawford landed with a force of some 700 Irishmen at Loch Ryan.
He ruled the Principality of Halych from 1188 until 1189/1190, and again between 1208/1209 and 1210.
The idea for the film came from reality television shows such as" Big Brother".
Rockefeller was not placed on the 1976 Republican ticket with Ford.
William A. Bottrell( born October 27, 1952) is an American record producer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, best known for his Grammy Award- winning collaborations with Michael Jackson, Madonna, Electric Light Orchestra and Sheryl Crow.
Through his mother, he was a great-grandson of Edward
Amin Ahmed Chowdhury was a Bangladeshi army officer and diplomat.
Both companies had the same address in Hoxton Square, London.
The script was written by Bráulio Mantovani(" City of God") and Padilha, based on the book" Elite da Tropa" by sociologist Luiz Eduardo Soares and two former BOPE captains, André Batista and Rodrigo Pimentel.
Frans Rijckhals, or François Ryckhals( 3 May 1609, Middelburg- 29 July 1647, Middelburg) was a Dutch painter and designer.
He is a politician of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Deputy Head of the Presidential Administration of the Republic of Kazakhstan, Doctor of Law( 2002)( under the supervision of Professor Zimanov S.Z.- scientific advisor and academician of National Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Kazakhstan) and Ph.D. in Political Science( 1998).
Many others are unidentified, such as Vivian Blaine, glimpsed in a theater lobby.
After World War II, he began writing and directing films on a large scale.
Following a well-received performance of the song at the 2011 Brit Awards, "Someone like You" became Adele's first number-one single in the UK and stayed on the top of the chart for five weeks.
The Garissa Museum is a museum located in Kenya.
In adulthood, he trained as an architect and has taught at The City College of New York.
He inherited the title Earl of Moray when his father was murdered by his future father-in-law in 1592.
Nicolas Chumachenco( also known as Nicolas Chumachenko), is a Polish- born violin soloist, professor and director of the Queen Sofía Chamber Orchestra.
In 1246, Henry bought the honour( estate) of Chester from John's four sisters.
He is currently the assistant manager of United Arab Emirates.
He has been a major proponent of independent cinema since the 1980s, directing films as" Stranger Than Paradise"( 1984)," Down by Law"( 1986)," Mystery Train"( 1989)," Dead Man"( 1995),( 1999)," Coffee and Cigarettes"( 2003)," Broken Flowers"( 2005)," Only Lovers Left Alive"( 2013), and" Paterson"( 2016).
Following her husband's death, Jane was known by the title" Dowager Countess of Bridgewater".
He married Jeanne, Dame de Beaurevoir( died before December 1300), and had:
" Vampire in Brooklyn" was the final film produced under Eddie Murphy's exclusive contract with Paramount Pictures, that began with" 48 Hrs."( 1982) and included the" Beverly Hills Cop" franchise( 1984– 1994).
He arrived in New South Wales in 1886 and was educated at Sydney Grammar School before working for the Colonial Sugar Refining Company( CSRC) in 1902 as a chemist.
Most notable such Bollywood films include "Hera PheriHungamaHulchulGaram MasalaBhagam BhagChup Chup KeDhol", and "Bhool Bhulaiyaa".
Linnea Hartsuyker's books
Bradley Joseph Annis (born 1947) is a retired bodybuilder, powerlifter, fitness guru, professional wrestler, gym owner and firefighter.
Radio Universidad Nacional Autónoma de México( UNAM) has estimated that there are more than one thousand versions of" La Paloma", and said that, together with" Yesterday" by The Beatles, it is one of the most recorded songs in the history of music.
His highly successful firm BDP( Building Design Partnership) was the result of numerous experiments in management structure.
Princess Marie Louise of Hanover and Cumberland( 11 October 1879 – 31 January 1948) was the eldest child of Ernest Augustus, Crown Prince of Hanover, and Princess Thyra of Denmark, the youngest daughter of Christian IX of Denmark and Louise of Hesse- Kassel.
This song was also the theme song for the November 2005 popular crime video game.
Bizet, thinking it was a folk song, was inspired by the melody, and recomposed it as the aria" L'amour est un oiseau rebelle", also known as the" Habanera".
Bardot plays the daughter of the French President who marries her father's secretary, but the couple become jealous of each other's purported sexual flings.
He was descended from the Counts of Bessin in Normandy.
He also married Sophie Labbadie, a cousin of French descent, whom he kept in St. Louis while he kept the other women on the frontier.
The song features Brian Eno and The Leytonstone City Mission Choir.
The film is based on" The Curse of Capistrano" written by Johnston McCulley, originally published in 1919 in five serialized installments in" All- Story Weekly", which introduced the masked hero Zorro; the story is set in Southern California during the early 19th century.
His father, Humphrey( V) de Bohun, fought on the side of the rebellious barons in the Barons' War.
Shake, Rattle& Roll 2k5( also known as Shake, Rattle& Roll VII or Shake, Rattle& Roll 7) is a 2005 horror film released in the Philippines.
"Zionism is Racism" resolution—and symbolically tore it up before the assembly.
A prototype cartridge surfaced in 1997.
Her second album, , was released in 2012 and debuted at number one in several countries.
John
In 2010 he was decorated with the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav.
It is situated on the Marseille – Ventimiglia railway.
( German: Anastasia, die letzte Zarentochter), is a German film directed by Falk Harnack.
Hutchinson next joined a production company owned by actor David Hemmings.
Drew Dollar( born December 2, 2000) is an American professional stock car racing driver.
Bog earned the cand.oecon. degree in economics at the University of Oslo in 1946, and worked at Statistics Norway (SSB) until 1953.
The daughter of King Stanisław Leszczyński—Stanislaus I of Poland (later Duke of Lorraine)–and Catherine Opalińska, she married King Louis XV of France and became queen consort of France.
Princess Elisabeth of Anhalt (7 September 1857 – 20 July 1933) was the Grand Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz from 1904 to 1914 as the spouse of Adolf Friedrich V, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Strelitz.
He was the son of Hugh I of Le Puiset and Alice of Montlhéry.
National Lampoon's Pucked( also known as Pucked, and National Lampoon's The Trouble with Frank) is a 2006 comedy movie starring Jon Bon Jovi in the main role.
Abbas Amanat is William Graham Sumner Professor of History at Yale University.
Gorris is known as an outspoken feminist and supporter of gay and lesbian issues which is reflected in much of her work.
Born in Ortenberg, she was the sixth of the eight children born from the marriage of Christoph Louis I, Count of Stolberg- Stolberg- Ortenberg and Countess Louise Christine of Hesse- Darmstadt.
Yi Bong-chool or Lee Bong-chool( 1925–1992) was an officer for the Republic of Korea.
It is a musical revue and was distributed by the American company Columbia Pictures.
It has produced two monarchs of Cambodia, and five Prime Ministers.
His first few films characterised the sense of sexual and political freedom of the period.
She was buried in the Monastery of Santa Cruz in Coimbra.
Patriarch Benedict of Jerusalem, also Benediktos I of Jerusalem, born Vasileios Papadopoulos (1892 – December 10, 1980) was the Patriarch of Jerusalem of the Greek Orthodox Church of Jerusalem from 1957 to 1980.
Lisset Gutiérrez Salazar (born November 3, 1973, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico), known professionally as Lisset, is a Mexican actress and singer.
He was the son of Reginald I of Guelders and Marguerite of Flanders.
David Carnegie, 5th Earl of Northesk( 11 June 1701 – 24 June 1741) was the son of David Carnegie, 4th Earl of Northesk and Lady Margaret Wemyss.
It was released theatrically in the United Kingdom on 26 July 2019.
Others as story characters include Gertrude Berg, as a landlady, Agnes Moorehead, Rosemary de Camp, Arthur Shields, and, in a fantasy sequence, Florence Bates, Madge Kennedy, Carl Benton Reid, Frank Ferguson, and Robert Bray.
The film's screenplay is based on the Vitomil Zupan's novel" Menuet za kitaroA Menuet for Guitar"), published in 1975.
Kaya Alp was, according to Ottoman tradition, the son of Kızıl Buğa and the father of Suleyman Shah, who was, in turn, the grandfather of Ertuğrul, and the great grandfather of the Ottoman Empire founder, Osman I.
She was a princess of Denmark through her marriage within the House of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg to Prince Harald of Denmark.
Black Stallion is a 1948 American film starring Richard Arlen.
She then continued to rule as regent for his son Charles II, who was held with his sister Philippa by the Burgundians.
The Girl from Fano  is a 1941 German drama film directed by Hans Schweikart and starring Brigitte Horney, Joachim Gottschalk and Gustav Knuth.
Although disappointed with his own term of office, he nonetheless lived long enough to see many of his government's ideas implemented by subsequent governments before his death in 1953.
Bjarne Henning-Jensen (6 October 1908 – 21 February 1995) was a Danish film director and screenwriter.
She was the lady- in- waiting of Louise Élisabeth of France in 1749- 59, and the influential favorite lady- in- waiting of Princess Marie Adélaïde of France in 1764- 1800.
It also became the first New Zealand film to screen at the Cannes Film Festival.
James or Jim Thorpe may refer to:
Archduke Leopold Ferdinand of Austria (2 December 1868 – 4 July 1935) was the eldest son of Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and Alice of Bourbon-Parma.
The psychological thriller is the first Australian/ UK co-production to be set in the UK in over a decade.
Princess Urraca of Bourbon- Two Sicilies( July 14, 1913, Nymphenburg Palace, Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria – May 3, 1999, Sigmaringen, Baden- Württemberg, Germany) was a member of the House of Bourbon- Two Sicilies and a Princess of Bourbon- Two Sicilies.
Neville's maternal grandfather, John Bourchier, 1st Baron Berners, was the fourth son of William Bourchier, 1st Count of Eu in Normandy, and his wife Anne of Gloucester, daughter of Thomas of Woodstock, youngest son of King Edward III.
He faced earthquakes to epidemics, and had to suppress fighting between Spanish miners.
Dorothée Jemma( born 16 June 1956) is a French voice actress specializing in dubbing.
Guthrie died in 1967 from complications of Huntington's disease.
His self-given title Türkmenbaşy, meaning "Head of the Turkmen"
He was born in London.
Grace Unplugged is a 2013 Christian drama film.
At Night All Cats Are Crazy( lit.
Throughout her career, she has received numerous accolades, including six American Music Awards, 11 BET Awards, four MTV Video Music Awards, four "Billboard" Music Awards, two "Billboard" Women in Music Awards, and 10 Grammy Award nominations.
Cooerwull railway station was a railway station on the Main Western railway line in New South Wales, Australia.
His eldest son was Babur Mirza from his wife Qutlugh Nigar Khanum.
Nominally credited as an associate producer, he produced several of MGM's most important films of the 1930s.
Goodbye to Language is a 2014 French- Swiss 3D experimental narrative essay film written and directed by Jean- Luc Godard.
Of his remaining sons, John and Dudley died young, while the remaining five all became Members of Parliament.
Gary Alexander is an American sound engineer.
His 1986 film" So Many Dreams" was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
Louis' aim was to acquire his dead mother's dowry, a large piece of Flemish territory including Artois, which Joan's father had taken back by force after Isabella's death.
He is the founder and former CEO of BigWorld Pty Limited and the founder of parent company Micro Forté Pty Limited.
During his reign, he was served by a total of 30 prime ministers beginning with Pridi Banomyong and ending with Prayut Chan-o-cha.
Damir Nikšić( born 6 December 1970) is conceptual artist, standup comedian, blogger and politician from Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Two years later, in March 1983, he was elected to the largely ceremonial role of President.
Don Baltasar de la Cueva y Enríquez de Cabrera," iure uxoris" Count of Castellar and Marquis of Malagón( sometimes" Baltasar de la Cueva Enríquez de Cabrera y Arias de Saavedra")( 1626 in Madrid – April 2, 1686) was viceroy of Peru from August 15, 1674 to July 7, 1678.
The film's art direction was by Otto Pischinger.
he won the 4 x 400 relay race at the 1972 Summer Olympics for Kenya.
With his distinctive salmon- colored skin, webbed hands, high- domed head, and large fish- like eyes, Ackbar was realized in" Return of the Jedi" through the use of either a half- body puppet or full- body costume, depending on the camera angle required.
Werner Herzog made his first film in 1961 at the age of 19.
Gaius Julius Caesar (12 July 100 BC – 15 March 44 BC), known by his nomen and cognomen Julius Caesar, was a populist Roman dictator, politician, and military general who played a critical role in the events that led to the demise of the Roman Republic and the rise of the Roman Empire.
He was born in 1880 in Doha, the capital city and state of Qatar.
It discharges into the Mara in the village Mara.
Bipasha Basu, Anil Kapoor and Manoj Joshi also star in the movie in supporting roles.
He was the 5th Duke of Pastrana 9th Duke of the Infantado, 7th Duke of Lerma, 6th Duke of Francavilla, 5th Duke of Estremera, and the Prince of Eboli and Melito.
Baxley also appeared in four episodes of, as well having small roles in" ChaseMannixBearcats!
Julien Duvivier( 8 October 1896, in Lille – 29 October 1967, in Paris) was a French film director.
He was the eldest son of Henry V the Fat, Duke of Legnica and Wrocław, by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Bolesław the Pious, Duke of Greater Poland.
Frederick Charles Gordon Lennox, 9th Duke of Richmond, 9th Duke of Lennox, 9th Duke of Aubigny, 4th Duke of Gordon( 5 February 1904 – 2 November 1989) was a British peer, engineer, racing driver, and motor racing promoter.
He is a critic of the open access publishing movement and particularly how predatory publishers use the open access concept, and is especially known for his blog" Scholarly Open Access".
During al- Ma'mun's absence on campaign against the Byzantine Empire in 832–833, Fadl remained in Baghdad as the Caliph's deputy, and it was he who had the oath of allegiance(" bay'ah") sworn to al- Mu'tasim when news came of al- Ma'mun's death.
Henry Grey, 1st Duke of Kent, KG, PC( 16715 June 1740) was a British politician and courtier.
After coaching for the Dutch club HGC, he became the coach of the national team, managing them at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the men's tournament.
John Hopkins the Third is a 1921 German film directed by Wolfgang Neff and featuring Béla Lugosi.
He won Independent Spirit Awards for both, as well as being nominated for an Academy Award for the latter.
Prince Wenzeslaus has two brothers:
Prince Wenzeslaus has become something of a society column figure on account of his relationship with Victoria's Secret model Adriana Lima.
Following numerous projects including her debut studio album and the unreleased "Sirens", Del Rey's breakthrough came after the viral success of her debut single "Video Games" in 2011.
The film's sets were designed by Emil Hasler and Paul Markwitz.
They divorced in 1931.
Karl Anton was the third and youngest son of Leopold, Prince of Hohenzollern and his wife Infanta Antónia of Portugal.
At the time of release and in the years since, the film has garnered a cult following.
Down Texas Way is a 1942 American Western film directed by Howard Bretherton and written by Adele Buffington.
His armies defeated Emperor Theophilos and sacked the city of Amorium.
Young Medardus( German: Der junge Medardus) is a 1923 Austrian silent historical drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Victor Varconi, Egon von Jordan and Agnes Esterhazy.
Marlon Troy
His mother was Louise Élisabeth de Bourbon, the daughter of Louis III, Prince of Condé and Louise Françoise de Bourbon, legitimized daughter of King Louis XIV of France.
It flows into the Agrij near Românași.
He died unmarried at the age of 44 and was succeeded by his younger brother, Moubray.
At Italian general election, the White Rose was in alliance with UDC and other Christian democrats movements into the Union of the Centre, and Baccini was elected to the Chamber of Deputies: he did n't join White Rose's parliamentary group, but rather he adhered to the mixed group.
This may have been Toda of Navarre.
It also generated$ 100 million in DVD sales upon its home video release.
La Cueva may refer to the following places in New Mexico:
Following her death, she was buried with her first husband in Berkeley, Gloucestershire.
Zengi attacked Damascus, hoping to take advantage of Jamal ad- Din's death, but Mu'in ad- Din effectively organized the defense of the city.
Crime and Punishment is a 1998 American made- for- television drama film directed by Joseph Sargent.
The film marked Clair's return to working in France after twelve years abroad in Britain and the USA.
He became head of the Princely House of Hohenzollern, the Roman Catholic Swabian branch of the dynasty, upon his father's death on 16 September 2010.
He was knighted in 1603.
He reigned from 888 to 904 (although he was briefly deposed by the eunuch Liu Jishu in 900 and restored in 901).
In the Assembly, Jean-Pierre serves as Chair of the Subcommittee on Banking in Underserved Communities.
Bibikov acted against the Polish Bar Confederation (1771–1774).
It debuted in Australia on 9 November 2006.
Around 1098, Ramiro was married to Cristina Rodríguez daughter of Rodrigo Díaz de Vivar.
The film is actor Ben Cura's debut as a director, screenwriter, and producer.
He was born in Kristiania.
Part of the heimatfilm genre, it takes its name from a popular song.
William Clemens( September 10, 1905 – April 29, 1980) was an American film director.
See You in Montevideo(/" Montevideo, vidimo se!") is a 2014 Serbian comedy film written and directed by Dragan Bjelogrlić.
One of Mingus's best-known compositions, it has been recorded by many jazz and jazz fusion artists.
Bommalattam is a 2008 Indian Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja starring Arjun Sarja and Nana Patekar in the lead roles.
Later in the same year, Smith made her directorial debut.
How Dark the Nights Are on the Black Sea is a 1989 Soviet comedy film directed by Vasili Pichul.
The film is a remake of the Bengali film" Agni Pariksha" starring Uttam Kumar and Suchitra Sen and was simultaneously made by same banner& director in Telugu as" Mangalya Balam".
Catherine I( born, later known as Marta Samuilovna Skavronskaya; –) was the second wife of Peter the Great and Empress of Russia from 1725 until her death.
During World War I, he served in the military and was afterwards appointed assistant national director of the American Jewish Relief Committee.
In turn, Marquess Wen defeated the State of Zhongshan while General Wu Qi attacked and took five cities in what would become Xihe Commandery within the borders of the State of Qin( between the Yellow River and Luo River spanning parts of modern- day Shaanxi and Shanxi Provinces).
Bagabag Central School
An examination of political corruption, the film stars Jean Lajeunesse as Vincent Padovani, a construction contractor with mafia ties who has just completed work on a major autoroute project, and is planning a major dinner party to thank the politicians who awarded him the contract.
Later in life Byron joined the Greek War of Independence fighting the Ottoman Empire and died of disease leading a campaign during that war, for which Greeks revere him as a national hero.
He made his debut as director in 1936 with "The First Offence".
El Icha( Life) is a 2010 film from Tunisia.
His widow, Margaret, received a papal indult for a portable altar 3 August 1446.
Euphemia of Racibórz( 1299/1301 – 17 January 1359) was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast in the Racibórz branch and Dominican Prioress in Racibórz.
William Brown( born 1930) is a Northern Irish former politician with the Ulster Unionist Party.
Since then he has released 7 more albums of which the last three," Stadtrandlichter"( 2014)," Neuanfang"( 2016) and" Handgepäck I"( 2018) reached number 1 of the German Top 100.
Baglan Mailybayev( in Kazakh Бағлан Асаубайұлы Майлыбаев) was born on 20 May 1975 in Zhambyl region, Kazakhstan.
Jakub Węgrzynkiewicz( July 21, 1928 in Szczyrk – June 20, 2006 in Szczyrk) was a Polish ski jumper who competed from 1952 to 1957.
Sir Peter Robert Jackson( born 31 October 1961) is a New Zealand film director, screenwriter, and film producer.
"Compass" was later recorded by Norwegian classical recording artist Didrik Solli-Tangen.
St Andrew St John, 15th Baron St John of Bletso( 8 November 1811 — 27 January 1874) was an English peer.
Most recently, McAboy won a Leo Award( 2018) for Best Direction in a Youth or Children's Program or Series and Best Youth or Children's Program or Series for" Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library"( 2017).
Harry Garson (1882 – September 21, 1938) was an American film director and producer.
Arati has been credited by audio cassettes and CD recordings.
In 1981 he presented his first short film" Endstation normal".
In contrast, his populist style of rule remained very popular among the lower classes of Rome and the provinces until his death and beyond.
The film is based on actual events surrounding the Nazi's raid of Rome's Jewish ghetto in October 1943.
Guthrie was brought up by middle-class parents in Okemah, Oklahoma, until he was 14, when his mother Mary was hospitalized as a consequence of Huntington's disease, a fatal hereditary neurological disorder.
On March 11, 2014, "Lookin Ass" was serviced to urban contemporary radio in the United States as "Young Money: Rise of an Empire"s third official single.
In the Great Turkish War, he served as an officer in the army of Emperor Leopold I.
In or before 976, he accused Lothair's wife, Emma, daughter of Lothair II of Italy, of infidelity with Adalberon, Bishop of Laon.
John William Egerton, 7th Earl of Bridgewater FRS( 14 April 1753 – 21 October 1823), known as John Egerton until 1803, was a British cavalry officer, and Tory politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1777 to 1803 when he succeeded to the peerage as Earl of Bridgewater.
Barbara of Oleśnica( 1465 – 1479) was a member of the House of Piast and Duchess of Oleśnica during 1475 – 1478.
Strictly Modern is a 1930 American pre-Code comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Dorothy Mackaill and Sidney Blackmer.
He is the author of" Dark, Depressing, and Hilarious" which is an autobiography on his career thus far.
He appeared in 123 films between 1910 and 1946.
Deciding to focus on his directing career, Zombie directed the horror film" Halloween"( 2007), a remake of the 1978 horror classic of the same name.
José Bastos Padilha Neto( born August 1, 1967) is a Brazilian film director, producer and screenwriter.
Carolco Pictures, which owned half of the rights to future" Terminator" sequels, went into bankruptcy in November 1995.
" Elite Squad" was an outstanding commercial success, and became a cultural phenomenon in Brazil.
The university's varsity athletic teams, known as the Golden Eagles, are members of the Big East Conference and compete in the NCAA's Division I in all sports.
He was also given Antwerp again.
Siemowit III of Masovia( his name also rendered Ziemowit; – 1381) was a prince of Masovia and a co-regent( with his brother Casimir I of Warsaw) of the lands of Warsaw, Czersk, Rawa, Gostynin and other parts of Masovia.
He moved to Butte, Montana in 1877 and became agent of the Wells- Fargo Express Co.
It is a film analysis written by Tom McSorley, a head of the Canadian Film Institute.
At the 2006 census, its population was 2,055, in 451 families.
He was the youngest son of Bernhard III, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg, by his third wife Matilda, daughter of Magnus I, Duke of Brunswick- Göttingen.
Norodom Suramarit  (6 March 1896 – 3 April 1960) was King of Cambodia from 2 March 1955 until his death in 1960.
Each received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor, with Poitier's being the first for a black actor, as well as nominations for the BAFTAs, which Poitier won.
Knowing that he cannot face the monsters alone, Earl recruits Burt Gummer, another veteran of the incident in Nevada, to supply the firepower.
Loeffler, along with production designer Judy Becker, is nominated for an Academy Award for Best Production Design for the 2013 film" American Hustle".
In February 1372, he married Mathilde of Guelders( d. 1384), the daughter and co-heir of Duke Reginald II of Guelders, and became Lord of Schoonhoven and Gouda.
Anthony is a 1977 Indian action comedy film, directed and produced by Manmohan Desai, and written by Kader Khan.
Paget married Frances, daughter of Lieutenant-General Francis de Rottenburg, Baron de Rottenburg, in 1827.
" Heroes of the Atlantic" was directed by J.D. Davidson and produced by Stanley Hawes.
He was one of the best friends of Bon Scott the singer of AC/ DC and together they recorded the song" Ride On" which was one of the last songs by Bon Scott.
Teo Tuvale (26 August 1855 – December 1919) was a significant Samoan historian who served terms as Chief Justice and Secretary to Government in Samoa during the era of colonialism.
He was succeeded in government by his brother Charles Louis.
The movie, which is basically, dubbed as an investigative thriller, is shot like a psychological thriller.
Hugh Berry" Bud" Fate( born December 4, 1929) is an American politician in the state of Alaska.
Through her marriage to Hubertus, Hereditary Prince of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha, the heir apparent to the defunct ducal throne of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha, she is a princess of the House of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha.
He was the first son of Georg, Duke of Saxe- Altenburg and Marie Luise of Mecklenburg- Schwerin.
scholar Harriet Hinsch (later known as Harriet Holter) from 1944 to 1950.
He directed 158 films between 1917 and 1957.
Frederick William died in January 1816, only two months before his cousin.
The earl died in 1834 and his wife became known as Dowager Countess of Galloway.
Later that year Mujir ad- Din visited Aleppo and swore to remain loyal to Nur ad- Din.
The song features a rap verse from Cuban- American rapper Pitbull.
He was imprisoned after buying a copy of William Byrd's" Gradualia" on the basis of Catholic tensions[ needs editing: William Byrd was born in 1539 or 1540].
Princess" Mathilde" of Waldeck and Pyrmont( 10 April 1801 – 13 April 1825) was a member of the House of Waldeck and Pyrmont and a Princess of Waldeck and Pyrmont and a member of the House of Württemberg and a Duchess of Württemberg through her marriage to Duke Eugen of Württemberg
As a senior member of the royal household, he was a guest at the 1947 wedding of Princess Elizabeth and Philip Mountbatten, Duke of Edinburgh.
Grage placed 14th, in the 5000m, with a time of 7:23:83.
It was later turned into a 1953 film of the same title.
Albarn formed the virtual band Gorillaz in 1998 with comic book artist Jamie Hewlett.
Frederick Charles, Prince of Stolberg- Gedern( 11 October 1693 – 28 September 1767), was a German politician.
Byron Mann( born 13 August 1967 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong American actor of film and television.
He has written on numerous subjects, including the history and theory of historiography, the history of European Jews, especially their relation to Slavic peoples, and the social history of World War I. Since 2003, he has also headed the graduate program in cultural studies at the University of Nova Gorica.
Gerhard, Count zur Mark( 1378 – 1461) was the de facto ruler of the County of Mark between 1430 and 1461.
John Wesley Funchess( April 16, 1931 – February 1, 1994) known professionally as John( or Johnny) Littlejohn, was an American electric blues slide guitarist.
Elizabeth Fearn" Finn" Carter( born 9 March 1960) is an American actress.
She was the mother of Danish kings Eric IV, Abel and Christopher I.
Jan Baptist van Heil or Jan Baptiste van Heil( Brussels, 1609 – Brussels, after 1685), was a Flemish Baroque painter of portraits and religious paintings.
He was killed fighting on de Montfort's side at the Battle of Evesham in August, 1265.
Up Scotty" (2009).
A list of the participants at the tournament, which includes nearly 100 named individuals, can be found here.
In Gwen John's work she appears detached and simply dressed; in Augustus John's art she at times served more exotic purposes, wearing scarves and long dresses, but was also the subject of domestic scenes, including those which show her with Augustus' first wife and their children.
For his early innovations as a director, Stroheim is still celebrated as one of the first of the auteur directors.
As Countess of Gloucester, Mabel was significant politically and she exercised an important administrative role in the lordship.
She is best known for her role as Nadine Shao in the 2018 romantic comedy- drama film" Crazy Rich Asians".
Alongside her husband William Hoapili Kaʻauwai, she traveled with Queen Emma of Hawaii to Europe between 1865 and 1866, and circumnavigated the globe upon their return eastward via New Zealand.
This was later replaced by the chorus "tell me what were their names."
After years of abuse, Clementina left him, taking Charlotte with her.
It was produced and distributed by Goldwyn Pictures.
As of 2019, he plays for Molodechno.
He married Hawise de Muscegros, a daughter of Robert de Muscegros.
After his second, morganatic union, he renounced the rights of succession to House of Augustenburg.
His films often feature ambitious protagonists with impossible dreams, people with unique talents in obscure fields, or individuals who are in conflict with nature.
In the film, Skynet sends a Terminator, the T-X( Loken), back in time to ensure the rise of machines by killing top members of the future human resistance, which will be led by John Connor( Stahl).
In 1760, he escorted the future bride of Josef II to Vienna.
The movie was a commercial failure.
He directed films between 1905 and 1922.
The homonymy between father and son and the imprecision of the documents( including the fact that not all mention him) have made his role in the duchy of Lower Lorraine debatable.
It premiered at the Gloria- Palast in Berlin on 13 October 1930.
The film was significant in its use of outdoor locations in common with other post-war rubble films.
Son of D. Diogo Furtado de Mendonça, Alcaide-mor (lord mayor) of Mourão, captain of crossbowmen, and his wife, Brites Soares de Albergaria.
The Junkies moved to an independent label, Latent Recordings, for their subsequent albums.
Through his third son Karl Ludwig, he was the grandfather of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria – whose assassination sparked the hostilities that led to the outbreak of World War I – and the great-grandfather of the last Habsburg emperor Karl I.
The film won the Teddy Award for best documentary at the 2002 Berlin International Film Festival, the Critics' Award at the 2002 Gothenburg Film Festival, and the Documentary Award at The Norwegian Short Film Festival in Grimstad.
He is currently the director of the Peabody Essex Museum.
In the 1920s he owned the largest single collection of modern European paintings in the world.
Following an agreement made to secure the annexation of Brittany, Anne had to marry the new king.
Luke Davenport( born 29 May 1993 in Cambridge) is a British racing driver, currently competing in the British Touring Car Championship for Motorbase Performance.
He was Secretary of the State of Internal Affairs of the Kingdom( the equivalent of a Prime Minister today) in the government of Joseph I of Portugal from 1750 to 1777.
Ackbar was originally planned to be more conventionally humanoid, but after" Star Wars" creator George Lucas decided to make him an alien, he allowed" Return of the Jedi" director Richard Marquand to pick from various designs.
He was installed in Bordeaux by procurator.
Development of" Ant- Man" began in April 2006 with the hiring of Wright to direct and co-write with Cornish.
Two Can Play is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Nat Ross and starring George Fawcett, Allan Forrest and Clara Bow.
He is best known as the composer of the music of the song “ Die Wacht am Rhein. ”
Karl Friedrich Albrecht, Margrave of Brandenburg-Schwedt (10 June 1705 – 22 June 1762), a grandson of Frederick William of Brandenburg ("the Great Elector") and son of Margrave Albert Frederick of Brandenburg-Schwedt, was a Prussian military officer and the "Herrenmeister" (grand master) of the Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg).
While there he was captain of the Oxford University Ice Hockey Club that won the Spengler Cup two years in a row.
George Schlatter( born December 31, 1932) is an American television producer and director, best known for" Rowan& Martin's Laugh- In" and founder of the American Comedy Awards.
It has become a full- fledged school and is affiliated to The Central Board of Secondary Education( C.B.S.E).
At the 2016 Vancouver Film Critics Circle awards, Medina received a nomination for Best Director of a Canadian Film.
I- 10 connects Mobile and Baldwin County by crossing the northern end of Mobile Bay and the southern end of the Mobile- Tensaw River Delta via the George Wallace Tunnel in Mobile and the Jubilee Parkway viaduct system between Mobile and Daphne.
Bt is the son of Captain Anthony John Julian Cory- Wright( 1916–1944) and Susan Esterel Elwes.
the Great  or the Sun King , was King of France from 14 May 1643 until his death in 1715.
Ronaldo is a 2015 British documentary film directed by Anthony Wonke.
Elizabeth Despencer, 3rd Baroness Burghersh( c. 1342 – August 1402) was an English noblewoman born to Bartholomew de Burghersh, 2nd Baron Burghersh and Cicely Weyland.
Pearl Future is the stage name of Pearl Ross, a songwriter and vocalist from the Bay Area in California.
The Beautiful Wife or Love's Sacrifice( Italian: La moglie bella) is a 1924 Italian silent film directed by Augusto Genina and starring Carmen Boni.
It was also a radio show starring Dana Andrews with 78 episodes that ran from April 23, 1952 until October 14, 1953.
It is based on the novel with the same name written by Antonio Amurri, who also collaborated to the screenplay.
It was founded in 1960 in what had been a 15th- century Augustinian cloister.
When Stanley Baldwin retired in May 1937, Chamberlain took his place as Prime Minister.
Countess Ferdinande Henriette of Stolberg-Gedern, born 2 October 1699 at Gedern, Oberhessen, Hesse-Darmstadt, then in the Holy Roman Empire, was a daughter of Louis Christian, Count of Stolberg-Gedern, and Duchess Christine of Mecklenburg-Güstrow.
There were two sequels," Adventures of a Private Eye" and" Adventures of a Plumber's Mate".
Ferdinand died in Noyon on 27 July 1233.
It was listed by the National Board of Review as one of the of 2013.
Your Songs is a studio album by American jazz singer Harry Connick Jr. that was released by Columbia.
" The Phantom Flyer" is not to be confused with another 1928 film of the same title, a 2- reeler starring Jack Hoxie.
George I, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont( 6 May 17479 September 1813) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1812 to 1813.
Scorsese's other film work includes the biographical drama" The Aviator"( 2004), the psychological thriller" Shutter Island"( 2010), the historical adventure drama" Hugo"( 2011), and the religious epic" Silence"( 2016).
From her marriage to playwright and actor Jason Miller, she has one son, actor Jason Patric.
The most recent song she has sung is Saarattu Vandiyila from "Kaatru Veliyidai".
Catherine became involved in the Guelderian War of Independence with Maximilian of Austria.
Madonna co-wrote and co-produced the song with Avicii, Mike Dean and Kanye West; additional writers include Arash Pournouri, Salem Al Fakir, Magnus Lidehäll, Vincent Pontare and Tommy Brown, with Charlie Heat serving as a co-producer.
He is best known for directing Lon Chaney Jr. in the 1941 film" The Wolf Man".
The film was released on June 25, 1956, by Columbia Pictures.
At the close of voting, it had received 31 points, placing 15th in a field of 25.
The film won three National Film Awards, including the awards for Best Art Direction( Sabu Cyril), Best Special Effects( S. T. Venky), and Best Cinematography( Santosh Sivan).
She was the wife and partner of explorer, adventurer, and writer Sir Richard Francis Burton (1821–1890).
It stars Salim Kumar and Zarina Wahab, with Mukesh, Kalabhavan Mani, Suraj Venjarammoodu, and Nedumudi Venu in supporting roles.
She became a house- hold name in Kerala with the mother- in- law character in the Malayalam serial Sthreedhanam.
This page lists the winners and nominees for the Black Reel Award for Outstanding Independent Film.
The film ends with a dedication to musician Stephen Bruton, who died the same year the film was made.
Hemenway Street was renamed in her honor, from Parker Street between Boylston Street and Huntington Avenue, in Boston's Fenway neighborhood bordering the Back Bay Fens.
That same year, he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in the crime film "Collateral".
The original music score was composed by Michael Small.
Dorothea was born in Vienna, Austria, the second child and only daughter of Prince Philipp of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and Princess Louise of Belgium.
Based on a novel by Graham Greene, the film tells the story of a man just released from a mental asylum who finds himself caught up in an international spy ring and pursued by foreign agents after inadvertently receiving something they want.
i Trangvik
D. João de Sousa( 1647- 28 September 1710) was a Portuguese prelate, Bishop of Porto, Archbishop of Braga and Archbishop of Lisbon.
He served the Catholic Monarchs Isabella I of Castile and Ferdinand V of Castile in the Wars of Granada along with his father.
He was the husband of Gerberga of Lower Lorraine, and father of:
Evan Crooks is an American actor who was born in Fresno County, California.
What is Beautiful?,
On 17 November 1664, he married Lady Elizabeth Cranfield, daughter of James Cranfield, 2nd Earl of Middlesex.
He briefly ruled the state of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel from 1806 to 1807 and again from 1813 to 1815.
It was produced by Regal Films.
The song written by Đorđe Novković was performed twenty- first on the night( following the Netherlands's Ruth Jacott with" Vrede" and preceding Spain's Eva Santamaría with" Hombres").
She also had a recurring role on" Street Legal" in the 1989- 90 season as Jennifer Winston, a college student who was dating Chuck Tchobanian, and appeared in the film" The Myth of the Male Orgasm" and on stage in Canadian productions of" Les Misérables" and" Aspects of Love".
Holter died in December 1997, following long-term illness.
The film was released in the United Kingdom as The Secret Four.
Valerian became Emperor on 22 October 253 and had the Roman senate elevate Gallienus to the ranks of Caesar and Augustus.
The Girl from Manhattan is a 1948 American film starring Dorothy Lamour and George Montgomery.
The song is from the artist's" Let Them Fall in Love" album.
He was a member of the House of Lords from 1972 until 1999, losing his seat by the House of Lords Act.
BioMed Central( BMC) is a United Kingdom- based, for- profit scientific open access publisher that produces over 250 scientific journals.
It was released in 1946.
After many years of practicing law in Auburn, he was elected by the state legislature to the U.S. Senate in 1849.
In a slightly uplifting coda, Belzberg and crew return a year later to find that a police who swept off the Victoriei has dispersed the children.
In 403 BCE King Weilie of Zhou acknowledged Wei Si as Marquess of Wei while conferring similar titles on the leaders of the former vassal states of Han and Zhao, thereby effectively splitting the State of Jin into three and confirming the Partition of Jin.
He has travelled to and worked in many regions of conflict, including the Philippines, Somalia, Cambodia, Rwanda, Bosnia, Bougainville, and South Africa.
The Mark of Cain is a 1916 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and starring Lon Chaney.
He directed landmark films such as" Tinimbang Ka Ngunit Kulang"( 1974)," Maynila sa mga Kuko ng Liwanag"( 1975)," Insiang"( 1976),( 1984), and" Orapronobis"( 1989).
She was a member of the House of Aragon.
William Brown was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Everton.
Coloman of Galicia (1208 – 1241) was the rulerfrom 1214 prince, and from 1215 or 1216 to 1221 kingof Halych, and duke of Slavonia from 1226 to his death.
Myer Joseph Newmark( 1838–1911) was the youngest city attorney in the history of Los Angeles, California, and was active in the affairs of that city in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
It was shot in Edmonton, Alberta.
She died at King Edward VII's Hospital in London after suffering a final stroke on 9 February 2002.
Today, many of it functions have been deregulated with the Instituto dos Vinhos do Douro e do Porto or( Port and Douro Wines Institute) being the official regulating body of Port wine and Douro table wine production.
He was created a peer in the Peerage of Ireland in 1624 as Baron Brereton.
It is unclear what her role was during the crusade, but she did procure a complete set of vestments in black cloth and gold trim, and a chalice made of gold and adorned with jewels.
"Killer Klowns from Outer Space" was filmed in Watsonville, California and at the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk.
His father, Melchor, the 9th Duke, had married in 1665 his niece Ana Rosolea Fernández de la Cueva, the 3rd Marchioness of Cadreita, Navarre, daughter of the 8th Duke of Albuquerque Francisco IV Fernández de la Cueva and Juana Francisca Díez de Aux y Armendáriz, herself daughter of Lope Díez de Armendáriz, Viceroy of Mexico( 1635 – 1640).
Michelle Gable is an American author based in San Diego.
Not only did Luhulima come from the same country as Wairata, he also recorded music in the same genre.
Their third daughter Frances Julia Burrell married Hugh Percy, Second Duke of Northumberland in 1779, and was mother to both the Third Duke of Northumberland, also named Hugh, and Algernon Percy, Fourth Duke of Northumberland.
Development on" Adaminte Makan Abu" began roughly a decade before it was released.
The Darling of Paris is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and starring Theda Bara and Glen White.
Chah Ali -ye Gharbi( also Romanized as Chāh ‘ Alī- ye Gharbī; also known as Chāh ‘ Ālī and Chah ‘ Ali) is a village in Shamil Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.
Following this, he was engaged by the Royal Geographical Society to explore the east coast of Africa, where he led an expedition guided by locals and was the first European known to have seen Lake Tanganyika.
The film talks the issue of Indian citizens who left the country before independence in search of job, mostly to Arabia, and happened to reach Pakistan, and then when returned to the homeland, happened to be holding a Pakistani passport, and now is forced by the Indian authorities to leave the nation to Pakistan, which even the Pakistani authorities won't allow.
He is the father of manga artist Towa Oshima.
According to the book" American Gunfight", by Stephen Hunter and John Bainbridge Jr., Truman dismissed Baughman's predecessor James J. Maloney in part because he had dispatched most of Truman's Secret Service detail to New York to prepare to guard New York Governor Thomas E. Dewey.
She was the three-times great-grandmother of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.
In 1532 he was accused of treason and dabbling in magic.
Ben Matthew Duckett( born 17 October 1994) is an English cricketer who plays for Nottinghamshire.
Meinert, rather than Erich Pommer, is sometimes credited as the producer behind Decla's revolutionary "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" (1920).
The later biographies of Caesar by Suetonius and Plutarch are also major sources.
He currently wrestles on the independent circuit.
He also produced more than fifty films- his own as well as films directed by others.
He was a grandson of Christian IX of Denmark and father of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.
This creates a significant anoxic layer well below the surface waters.
In March he was given a pay rise and extra clerical duties, but by the end of the year he had resigned the position.
This film, along with" Aparajito"( 1956) and" Apur Sansar The World of Apu")( 1959), form" The Apu Trilogy".
The film was produced by Sol Lesser, written by R. Lee Johnson and Jay Vann( based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs) and directed by D. Ross Lederman.
The family of Montlhéry was also part of the turbulent nobility that King Louis VI would have to put down a generation later.
He also currently performs in ex Nazareth guitarist Manny Charlton's solo band.
His songwriting partnership with Paul McCartney remains the most successful in history.
He was only eight years old.
Sir John Grey (c. 1387 – 27 August 1439), English nobleman and soldier, of Ruthin, Denbighshire, Wales, Badmondisfield (in Wickhambrook), Suffolk, Great Gaddesden, Hertfordshire, etc., second but eldest surviving son and heir apparent of Sir Reginald Grey, 3rd Baron Grey de Ruthyn by his 1st wife, Margaret Roos.
Woodrow Tracy Harrelson( born July 23, 1961) is an American actor and playwright.
Due Sicilie")
Carnegie was the son of David Carnegie, 10th Earl of Northesk and Elizabeth Boyle Hallowes.
In 1878, he donated the Hemenway Gymnasium to Harvard and expanded it in 1895; he also served as an overseer of the university.
Lee was also an entrepreneur and Professor Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
The film was made at the Babelsburg studios, and based on the play" Die Tokaier" by Hans Müller.
They had two children:
Louis’ son Louis II assumed the position of Count of Chiny after his father’s death, and Godfrey the Bearded was appointed Count of Verdun.
She is the only daughter of Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon, and Antony Armstrong- Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon, and a niece of Queen Elizabeth II.
Alfred Zeisler( September 26, 1892 – March 1, 1985) was an American- born German film producer, director, actor and screenwriter.
Following her death, Sir John Grey married (2nd) before 1 July 1438 Margaret Mowbray, daughter of Thomas Mowbray, 1st Duke of Norfolk and widow of Sir Robert Howard.
It is noted as being a low key screwball comedy with a famous final sequence featuring Cary Grant impersonating a female Army nurse.
He was the father of director and producer Harald Molander from his first marriage to actress Karin Molander and father to actor Jan Molander from his second marriage to Elsa Fahlberg (1892-1977).
He succeeded to the dukedom of Northumberland in 1940, when his brother Henry, the 9th Duke, was killed in Belgium in World War II during the retreat to Dunkirk.
Her second husband was Robert Nugent, 1st Earl Nugent, whom she married on 2 January 1757.
Ratmalane Sri Dharmaloka Thera (May 28, 1828 – August 15, 1885) was a scholar Buddhist monk who lived in the 19th century in Sri Lanka.
Jim or JIM may refer to:
Nightwatching is a 2007 film about the artist Rembrandt and the creation of his painting
Hernández Agosto served as President of the Senate of Puerto Rico for 12 years( 1981- 1993).
Steven Spielberg has referred to the film as his generation's "big bang", and it is regarded as one of the greatest films ever made.
Three Ruthless Ones, Gunfight at High Noon or Sons of Vengeance is a 1964 Spanish western film directed by Joaquin L. Romero Marchent, produced by Alberto Grimaldi, scored by Riz Ortolani, and starring Richard Harrison, Raf Baldassare and Gloria Milland.
The script is based on Jean Le Hallier's novel" Prix du Quai des Orfèvres"( 1947).
Like" Facing Sudan", the documentary features an original soundtrack by Flannery and Clarke.
Dorothy was the second wife of Sir William Stafford, widower of Mary Boleyn.
It was planned to span the distance between the seaport of Mobile, Alabama and the Ohio River near Cairo, Illinois.
For a time, he was under house arrest there with a large group of family members.
In a piece published in" The New Yorker", jazz critic Whitney Balliett praised Bach's film as" a brilliant, funny, moving, altogether miraculous documentary."
Torre Nilsson was married to writer Beatriz Guido, whose work served as inspiration and who worked alongside him in many of his scripts.
It is also known as Dames and Daughters of Today.
It was entered into the 1957 Cannes Film Festival.
Route 1 is a state highway in the Kansas City metropolitan area that travels from Route 210 in North Kansas City to Route 152 in Kansas City.
He married his second wife on 2 April 1673, Lady Jane Paulet, eldest daughter of Charles Paulet, 1st Duke of Bolton.
He was the Prince- Bishop of Hildesheim and Bishop of Schleswig.
, she married in 1888 Sir Edward Stewart (1857–1948), and had issue:
She was an American jewelry designer active in the mid-century jewelry movement.
It was shown in the Panorama section at the 66th Berlin International Film Festival.
Rickett, Cockerell& Co. Ltd., and several other companies involved in the coal trade.
The film was shot in Sligo, Ireland, which is known locally as" Coney Island".
, he was the second son of John Stuart, Lord Mount Stuart, eldest son of John Stuart, 1st Marquess of Bute, son of Prime Minister John Stuart, 3rd Earl of Bute.
However, his retirement from music was short- lived, as he joined the band Volume Five just a few months later.
It flows into the Crișul Alb near Buteni.
His children were:
Dynastic problems in the senior line caused his great-grandson René of Vaudémont to become Duke of Lorraine as René II in 1473.
Sailor's Song may refer to:
Louise Élisabeth was the Duchess of Étampes in her own right, having succeeded to the title at the death of her aunt, Marie Anne de Bourbon, Dowager Duchess of Vendôme.
He worked with such Hollywood actors as Gary Cooper, Barbara Stanwyck, Anthony Quinn, Edward G. Robinson, Luisa Vehil, Víctor Laplace, Soledad Silveyra, Paul Naschy and Joel McCrea, among others.
Dark at Dawn is a power metal band from Germany, formed in 1993.
Andy Warhol (born Andrew Warhola; August 6, 1928 – February 22, 1987) was an American artist, director, and producer who was a leading figure in the visual art movement known as pop art.
Ryang Kyu -sa( born 3 June 1978) is a retired Zainichi Korean footballer who played for North Korea in 2000 AFC Asian Cup qualification.
The film, directed and written by Angela Robinson, stars Luke Evans as Marston, Rebecca Hall as his legal wife Elizabeth and Bella Heathcote as the Marstons' polyamorous life partner, Olive Byrne.
Only Two Can Play is a 1962 British comedy film starring Peter Sellers, based on the novel" That Uncertain Feeling" by Kingsley Amis.
His reign saw the permanent move of the capital back to Baghdad, where he engaged in major building activities.
In 860, al- Mutawakkil had named his three sons heirs and seemed to favour al- Muntasir.
He was a native of New York City.
He received a ticket of leave in 1898, and died in Fremantle Prison Hospital on 30 October 1900.
He was interrupted while making his speech at the occasion by student leader, Daniel Cohn- Bendit in order to demand free access to the girls' dormitory.
Under his rule, Turkmenistan had the lowest life expectancy in Central Asia.
and another the film director Roger Capellani.
His estate remained throughout the Dutch and British colonial era and the American Revolution as a legal entity until the 1840s.
He has helped numerous other authors to get published through" How to Get Your Book Published!" programs.
He is best known for his 1968 recording of the serial killer song" Psycho" written by Leon Payne, produced by John Capps and issued on the K-ark Records label.
W. Augustus Barratt( 1873- 1947) was a Scottish- born, later American, songwriter and musician.
He died in 1824 at the age of 36 from a fever contracted after the First and Second Siege of Missolonghi.
Story or stories, may refer to:
Philo Vance's Gamble is a 1947 American mystery film directed by Basil Wrangell and starring Alan Curtis, Vivian Austin and Tala Birell.
It was selected to screen in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2018 Cannes Film Festival.
Forman also received an Academy Award nomination for a Best Director for" The People vs. Larry Flynt"( 1996).
In an attempt to assist in the attack on Anyi, Qin's ally, the state of Song was attacked in turn by the state of Qi and defeated at Wenyi (modern Wen County, Henan).
It is based on the 1921 operetta" The Cousin from Nowhere" composed by Eduard Künneke.
It was dubbed and released in Telugu as" New Delhi".
It was diligently described in a book of the same name by former 1 REP Captain Pierre Sergent.
George William, Hereditary Prince of Hanover(" Georg Wilhelm Christian Albert Edward Alexander Friedrich Waldemar Ernst Adolf Prinz von Hannover"; 28 October 1880 – 20 May 1912) was the eldest son of Ernest Augustus, Crown Prince of Hanover( 1845 – 1923) and Princess Thyra of Denmark( 1853 – 1933), the youngest daughter of Christian IX of Denmark( 1818–1906) and Louise of Hesse- Kassel( 1817–1898).
On 16 November 1601, at St Martin- in- the- Fields, Henry married Elizabeth Talbot( 1582 – 7 December 1651), a daughter of Gilbert Talbot, 7th Earl of Shrewsbury and Mary Cavendish.
Frances Lasker Brody( 1916–2009) was an American arts advocate, collector, and philanthropist who influenced the development of Los Angeles' cultural life as a founding benefactor of the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and later as a guiding patron of the Huntington Library, Art Collections and Gardens.
After unsuccessfully seeking the Republican presidential nomination in 1960, 1964 and 1968, Rockefeller was appointed vice president of the United States under President Gerald R. Ford, who ascended to the presidency following the August 1974 resignation of Richard Nixon.
He primarily played as a centre back but has been used as a forward before
Primarily featured are the parents of Archie Andrews, Betty Cooper, Veronica Lodge and Jughead Jones.
Merry Dog is a 1933 short animated film by Walter Lantz Productions, and is the sixth of the Pooch the Pup theatrical cartoons.
" Vampire in Brooklyn" was released in the United States on October 27, 1995 and failed to meet the studio's expectations at the box office.
He was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford.
Godfrey I, Count of Louvain came into conflict with Otbert, Bishop of Liège, over the county of Brunengeruz that both claimed.
He succeeded his father as 13th Baron in 1767.
She was a heavy smoker for most of her adult life and had a lung operation in 1985, a bout of pneumonia in 1993, and at least three strokes between 1998 and 2001.
His last work was as the director of an episode of" Amazing Stories" in 1987.
He is the son -in- law of Sonia Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi, and the brother- in- law of Rahul Gandhi.
It was based on the story "Christmas Gift" by John D. Weaver, also the film's working title.
November 1437), the daughter of John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter
His body appears to have been interred there only in 1001, but that is not the date of his death, as some scholars assumed.
Herbert was denounced by Warwick and the Duke of Clarence as one of the king's "evil advisers".
Precocious Youth is a 1957 West German drama film directed by Josef von Báky and starring Heidi Brühl, Christian Doermer and Christian Wolff.
After playing in three finals matches for Footscray in 1985, Edmond left the club over a contractual dispute.
Another Papianilla, the wife of the poet Sidonius Apollinaris, was a relative of hers.
It was written by Richard Crawford and Bill Britten( the British director and writer, not the American comedian)
About the Suicide is a 1975 Australian comedy about a writer and his man servant who try to convince the world that the writer has gone mad.
Lindsay Gordon Anderson( 17 April 1923 – 30 August 1994) was a British feature- film, theatre and documentary director, film critic, and leading- light of the Free Cinema movement and of the British New Wave.
Her play" Girls", about three girls abducted by terrorists in northern Nigeria, won the National Theatre's Alfred Fagon Award and other awards.
Other guest stars are Hollywood veterans Lyle Talbot( who claimed that he never refused any acting job) and former cowboy star Tom Keene.
" Santa Hunters" also won a Leo Award in 2015 for Best Youth or Children's Program or Series.
Chang Cheh( 10 February 1923 – 22 June 2002) was a Chinese filmmaker, screenwriter, lyricist and producer active in the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s.
Shake, Rattle & Roll III is the third installment of the "Shake Rattle & Roll" franchise.
Together, Hucthinson, Murphy and Cowlet kept the production on a shoe- string budget of just NZ$ 450,000.
When al- Wathiq died unexpectedly in August 847, Itakh was one of the leading officials, along with the vizier Muhammad ibn al- Zayyat, the chief" qādī", Ahmad ibn Abi Duwad, his fellow Turkish general Wasif al- Turki, who assembled to determine his successor.
Victor David Sjöström (20 September 1879 – 3 January 1960), sometimes known in the United States as Victor Seastrom, was a pioneering Swedish film director, screenwriter, and actor.
Her husband was Humphrey de Bohun, heir of the 2nd Earl of Hereford, by whom she had children, including Humphrey de Bohun, 3rd Earl of Hereford.
He worked for a while at Edison's studio, then started his own production company, being quite successful financially, although most of his films are little known today.
The film, directed by former manager Rick DeVoe, is a behind- the- scenes look at the band's history featuring their usual toilet humor.
To keep from risking his life in the army like his father, he apprenticed under his uncle, a successful Amsterdam jeweler.
Zhu De and Peng Dehuai were considered senior to Lin, and Lin ranked directly ahead of He Long and Liu Bocheng.
Skilled like his father in woodwork and metal craft, he often developed special tools for film making, including a camera crane system.
It is the sequel to the 1938 film" Brother Rat".
Reihana (also known as Rayhanah) is a playback singer and film composer for films in India.
She gave him in 1742 the title of General-Fieldmarshal, a house in Moscow and an estate in Livonia.
A good part ended up in the crown's hands; historians disagree regarding what this says about the relationship of Henry VII of England with the aristocracy.
Diana and Destiny is a 1916 British silent drama film directed by Floyd Martin Thornton and starring Evelyn Boucher, Wyndham Guise and Roy Travers.
Count Simon V of Lippe (1471September 17, 1536) was Noble Lord of Lippe, and from 1528 Count of Lippe.
Les Mayfield (born in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American film director and producer.
Duckett was the son of Stephen Duckett, a Wiltshire gentleman and a member of the Company of Mercers.
The film was named to the National Film Registry in 2009 by the Library of Congress for being" culturally, historically or aesthetically significant", and to be preserved for all time.
Chyskillz was discovered by the late great hip hop legend Jam Master Jay of Run -D.M.C. who signed Onyx on his label JMJ Records.
After the decline of the genre, he appeared in several adventure films, then he retired in the early 1970s.
In 1935 he won a by-election for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Gordon, representing the United Australia Party, but he resigned in 1937, before the expiration of his term, citing business commitments.
David held the office of Lord Lieutenant of Angus which in that time it was known as Forfarshire.
Eric Marlon Bishop (born December 13, 1967), known professionally as Jamie Foxx, is an American actor, singer, comedian, presenter, and producer.
It stars Amanda Seyfried and Shirley MacLaine.
Benny's son, Aviram also played football for Maccabi Netanya.
The film was produced by Patrick S. Cunningham and Rhea Scott.
He was a member of the House of Hohenzollern and a ruling Count of Hohenzollern- Hechingen.
With the fall of his uncle, king Sancho IV of Navarre, the kingdom was divided between Castile and Aragon, and the royal family parceled out between the two.
Hugh I( died between 1112 and 1118) was the Lord of Le Puiset( as Hugh II) from 1097 and Count of Jaffa from 1106.
Prince Philip of Bourbon- Two Sicilies( Filippo Maria Alfonso Antonio Ferdinando Francesco di Paola Lodovico Enrico Alberto Taddeo Francesco Saverio Uberto; 10 December 1885 – 9 March 1949) was a member of the House of Bourbon- Two Sicilies and a Prince of Bourbon- Two Sicilies.
Stanley J Wilson was a male athlete who competed for England.
Eventually she had two sons and two daughters with Augustus.
She was notably responsible, with her husbands, for architectural projects in the "châteaux" of Blois and Amboise.
For a short time around 1910, he was an important exponent of Post-Impressionism in the United Kingdom.
Mousa Kraish( born November 21, 1975) is an American actor and director, who has appeared in several Hollywood films including Steven Spielberg's 2005 film" Munich".
He was Lord Lieutenant of Huntingdonshire from April 1597 until his death.
Her children were also notable writers and this included Ann and Jane Taylor.
He is considered one of the founding pioneers of the New Hollywood era and one of the most popular directors and producers in film history.
She was the second daughter of George II, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and his wife Princess Emma of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym.
The supporting cast includes Wallace Beery, Jim Tully, Leila Hyams, and Polly Moran.
He died on 30 May 1909, aged 70, and was succeeded to the title by his son Arthur Cory- Wright.
Lieutenant Colonel Andrew Beauchamp St John, 21st Baron St John of Bletso TD( 23 August 1918 – 11 February 1978) was an English peer.
Blue Hill is a mountain in Sullivan County, New York.
Elite Squad is a 2007 Brazilian crime film directed by José Padilha.
Henry de Bohun, 1st Earl of Hereford (1176 – 1 June 1220) was an Anglo-Norman nobleman.
The film stars Sterling Hayden, Arthur Franz, Marshall Thompson, Leo Needham and Jay Barney.
Anna-Clara Beatrice Tidholm, born "Tjerneld" on 7 January 1946 in Stockholm, Sweden is a Swedish children's writer and illustrator.
He was the eldest son of General William Neville Custance CB.
It is the most prominent girls secondary school in the Kono District and one of the most prominent in Sierra Leone.
Valley of Hunted Men is a 1942 American Western" Three Mesquiteers" B-movie directed by John English and starring Bob Steele, Tom Tyler, and Jimmie Dodd.
He married Mary Talbot (buried 15 March 1710/1), daughter of John Talbot, 10th Earl of Shrewsbury (bef.
Sophia Magdalena of Denmark (3 July 1746 – 21 August 1813) was Queen of Sweden as the spouse of King Gustav III.
The film is based on a 1901 play of the same title by Roberto Bracco.
Friedrich August, Duke of Nassau, Prince of Nassau- Usingen( 23 April 1738 in Usingen – 24 March 1816 in Wiesbaden) was the last Prince of Nassau- Usingen and, jointly with his cousin, Friedrich Wilhelm of Nassau- Weilburg, first Duke of Nassau.
The American Van Rensselaers all descend from Kiliaen's son Jeremias and the subsequent Van Rensselaer family is noted for being a very powerful and wealthy influence in the history of New York and the Northeastern United States, producing multiple State Legislators, Congressmen, and two Lieutenant Governors in New York.
Onika Tanya Maraj-Petty (born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Nicki Minaj , is a Trinidad and Tobago-born rapper, singer, songwriter, actress, and model.
The son of Frederick Gordon- Lennox, 9th Duke of Richmond, he succeeded to the titles when his father died in 1989.
The story was adapted for the screen by A.I. Bezzerides and Robert Rossen, based on the racy novel" Desert Town" by Ramona Stewart.
La Bestia humana is a 1957 Argentine film whose story is based on the novel" La Bête Humaine" by the French writer Émile Zola.
Simha's subsequent performance as the Madurai gangster Sethu in Karthik Subbaraj's" Jigarthanda"( 2014) won him positive reviews from critics and the National Film Award for Best Supporting Actor.
In 1914, he joined Universal Studios as a director.
" Emerald City Confidential" is a third- person, mouse- driven, adventure game in which the player must solve various puzzles and follow certain procedures in order for the linear storyline to proceed.
He is the son of Sheikh Hamad bin Abdullah Al Thani and Sheikha Sarah bint Mohammed Al Thani and the grandson of Abdullah bin Jassim Al Thani and Mohammed bin Jassim Al Thani.
He died in that city in 1666.
Elisabeth of Greater Poland( 1152 – 2 April 1209) was a Polish princess of the House of Piast and, by her two marriages, Duchess of Bohemia and Margravine of Lusatia.
Ke Huy Quan
Constance, Countess Marshal, died 12 (or 14)
In the same vein the government adopted a territorial song and an official territorial uniform.
A pregnant single woman on her way to the Netherlands stays with her Aunt, while there she begins to strike up a relationship with her aunt's lodger, a reclusive bachelor.
Touchet's" Historical collections", a work of Catholic controversy, appeared in 1674, and he was banished from England the following year.
Augustus Hemenway (1853–1931) was a philanthropist and public servant in Boston, Massachusetts, in the latter part of the 19th century.
His nicknames in Sweden are" Kallebäcks- Expressen"( the express train from Kallebäck) or" Johnny Bråttom"( Johnny- in- a-hurry), again due to his speed on the football pitch.
Dmitri Alexandrovich Kudryashov( born 13 May 1983) is a Russian football player and coach.
There can be some confusion regarding the place of birth if the birth takes place in an unusual way: when babies are born on an airplane or at sea, difficulties can arise.
In 1903, he became the head of the Alhambra music hall in Paris.
Constantine was the only child of Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern- Hechingen and his wife, Princess Pauline of Courland, the daughter of the last Duke of Courland, Peter von Biron.
The motives for his murder seem to have been purely political; had he indeed converted, it would have given Mutazz an excuse to murder him for apostasy and been recorded.
Produced during the Khrushchev Thaw, the film became the Soviet box office leader of 1956 with a total of 48.64 million tickets sold.
James Randall Marsh( 1896- 1965) was an American artist and the husband of Anne Steele Marsh.
As guest singer of the band she published three albums.
He was the owner of the Peter's Hall and Westside plantations and the joint owner of the Taymouth plantation, all in Essequebo, British Guiana.
He remained allied with Montfort to the end, and was present at the Battle of Lewes.
South of the Rio Grande may refer to:
Mondo Topless is a 1966 pseudo- documentary directed by Russ Meyer, featuring Babette Bardot and Lorna Maitland among others.
In Canada he was named NBL Canada Canadian of the Year in 2014.
All World 2 is the second greatest hits compilation from hip hop artist LL Cool J released on December 8, 2009, by Def Jam.
She is the dub voice of Jennifer Aniston, Melanie Griffith and Sheryl Lee.
David Carnegie, 3rd Earl of Northesk( 1643 – 1688) was born the son of David Carnegie, 2nd Earl of Northesk and Lady Jean Maule, daughter of Patrick Maule, 1st Earl of Panmure in November 1643.
Khouya is a 2010 film.
The American film" Anastasia", directed by Anatole Litvak and featuring Ingrid Bergman appeared the same year.
The film received generally positive reviews and has been considered a cult classic.
He died on 7 August 2004 at the age of 87, and he was survived by his son Ismael Rodríguez.
In 2001, she permanently returned to Thailand after a series of visits in the years following her divorce.
("née" Milbanke; 17 May 1792 – 16 May 1860), nicknamed Annabella and commonly known as Lady Byron, was an English mathematician and the wife of poet
William was one of Robert de Brus, Lord of Annandale's auditors during the arbitration for the Crown of Scotland between 1291 and 1292.
Robert Theodor Camillo Dinesen (23 October 1874 – 8 March 1972) was a Danish film actor and director.
Yolande of Montferrat (– 1317 in Constantinople) (also known as Violante, then Empress Irene) was the second wife of Andronikos II Palaiologos and thus empress of the Byzantine Empire.
During a stay in Toulouse Gwen John painted several oils of McNeill, including "Dorelia in a Black Dress", before the two proceeded to Paris, where they briefly shared quarters in 1904.
Lacroix or La Croix may refer to:
A Warm December is a 1973 American romantic drama film directed by Sidney Poitier and starring him in the lead role as Dr. Matt Younger.
In addition, she is an Associate Professor of Film and Media at American University's School of Communication.
Past Minutes( Portuguese: Minutos Atrás) is a 2013 Brazilian comedy- fantasy film directed and written by Caio Sóh.
He was the great-grandson of Archduchess Gisela of Austria.
In 1915 he married the British actress Evelyn Boucher at Steyning in West Sussex.
When You're Strange is a 2009 music documentary film about the American rock band the Doors.
During World War II, he supervised the First Motion Picture Unit of the U.S. Army Air Forces.
He succeeded his father as 11th earl on 5 December 1921 and won a bronze medal in skeleton at the 1928 Winter Olympics.
Fairbanks starred in the play with Patricia Collinge as the female lead.
At the 2006 census, its population was 312, in 63 families.
Ernst Ingmar Bergman (14 July 1918 – 30 July 2007) was a Swedish director, writer, and producer who worked in film, television, theatre and radio.
Then the shells found in the region attracted his attention, in particular those from the Adour.
Her other works include "Nemodlenec" (1873) and
Anne Isabella Robertson( c 1830 – 21 April 1910) was a writer and leading suffragist in Ireland.
Philip IV of Nassau- Weilburg, also known as Philip III of Nassau- Saarbrücken( 14 October 1542 in Weilburg – 12 March 1602 in Saarbrücken) was Count of Nassau- Weilburg from 1559 until his death and since 1574 also Count of Nassau- Saarbrücken.
Recollections of the Yellow House is a 1989 Portuguese film directed by João César Monteiro.
She became known for her association with prominent men and her adventurous love life.
He is co-founder and head instructor of West Coast World Martial Arts, where he has been teaching for more than 35 years.
He was guitarist for the now late Chuck Mosley( Faith No More).
He is also the composer and original singer of the song.
Among other territories, William acquired Monschau-Montjoie, Randerath and Linnich.
He staged the first great exhibit of European modern art in America at the 69th Regiment( Fightin' Irish) Armory, New York, in 1913.
Upon Monivong's death in 1941, Sihanouk, Suramarit's son and Monivong's grandson, was selected as the new king.
Born in Belfast and raised predominantly in Dublin, the son of Ireland's Chief Rabbi Yitzhak HaLevi Herzog, he emigrated to Mandatory Palestine in 1935 and served in the Haganah Jewish paramilitary group during the 1936–39 Arab revolt.
Nigel Green was replaced by Douglas Wilmer as Scotland Yard detective Nayland Smith.
In 1986, Nye left Boeing to pursue comedy, writing and performing jokes and bits for the local sketch television show" Almost Live!", where he regularly conducted wacky science experiments.
Wilfred (or William)
She married the earl on 7 May 1744.
In 1896, Hemenway and her cousin Minna B. Hall held tea parties for the wealthy women of Boston where they urged them not to wear feathered hats and invited them to join a society for the protection of birds.
The Scent of Blood( also known as" The Smell of Blood") is a 2004 Italian thriller- drama film written and directed by Mario Martone.
She easily won reelection in 2016 and 2018.
He was 37.
The Marlon Riggs Collection is now housed at Stanford University Libraries.
His successor was Matthias his brother; his widow remarried his old rival, Theobald of Champagne.
It starred Gloria Guzmán, Sofía Bozán, Pedro Quartucci and the Julio De Caro musical group.
- 11 March 1716), Knighted in 1660, and had issue.
Valerian divided the empire between him and his son, with Valerian ruling the east and his son the west.
Claudia Grace Wells( born July 5, 1966) is an American actress and businesswoman, best known for her role as Jennifer Parker in the film" Back to the Future"( 1985).
Raoul Coutard shot the film in a documentary style.
It was an official selection of the 2010 Sundance Film Festival, as part of the new category 'NEXT' which selects films for their innovative and original work in low-
Princess Siribhachudabhorn( born 8 October 1982), commonly known as Princess Ribha, is the eldest daughter of Princess Chulabhorn Walailak and Virayudh Tishyasarin.
Edward Franklin Geers (January 25, 1851 - September 3, 1924) was an American harness racer.
In 838, he was arrested for his involvement in a failed conspiracy against al- Mu'tasim, and died in prison.
Its sequel,, released in Brazil on October 8, 2010, holds industry records in the country for ticket sales and gross revenue.
Mercer, McNaughton, and Allister would reprise their roles for a 1936 remake produced by Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer.
Saif ad- Din succeeded him in Mosul and the Jezirah( northern Iraq) while Nur ad- Din succeeded in Aleppo.
The director of photography is Amol Gole, the sound design is handled by Shantanu Akerkar and Dinesh Uchil with Madhav Vijay providing the background score.
The longest east – west extent is about.
oh boy" and
A mariner is a sailor.
Von Uexküll studied in the University of Dorpat.
The script was written by Walter Newman, and stars George Hamilton, in his first screen role, as “ Robert Cole, ” the character based on Raskolnikov, the protagonist of the Russian novel.
He was managed by Bo Bregman, and Chris Dundee.
In 1530, he succeeded his father as count of Ligny and Brienne.
F88 or F- 88 may refer to: and also:
Chan's credits include "Durian Durian".
" In the late 1960s, he managed and produced the experimental rock band The Velvet Underground and founded "Interview" magazine.
It stars Ann Sothern and Red Skelton in this the sixth of the ten-film Maisie series.
The employment of Jews and Muslims to administer the royal revenues led him into conflict with the Holy See and the Hungarian prelates.
Catherine of Guelders( ca. 1440 – Guelders, January 25, 1497), was regent of the Duchy of Guelders between 1477 and 1492.
Tinne Kruse( born 19 November 1986) is a Danish female badminton player.
It is a lost film, with only a one- minute trailer surviving.
He married Lady Margaret Home, daughter of Alexander Home, 1st Earl of Home and Mary Dudley, on 18 October 1627( contract).
He shared a nomination for Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay with his partner Fran Walsh for" Heavenly Creatures", which brought him to mainstream prominence in the film industry.
Colin Farrell and Bridges perform renditions of the song in the film.
She went to Hollywood in the 1920s as an agent, and she helped a number of actors attain stardom: Guy Madison, Marilyn Monroe, Rhonda Fleming, Carol Channing and Howard Keel, among others.
The film was remade as" Song of the Gringo".
Princess Elisabeth Pauline Alexandrine of Saxe-Altenburg (26 March 1826 – 2 February 1896) was a daughter of Joseph, Duke of Saxe-Altenburg and his wife Duchess Amelia of Württemberg.
Sing A Song Now Now is a song by the Italian group A.C. One.
It was released as a single in digital formats on 27 April 2014, via Warner Bros. Records in the US.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Artur Günther.
El secreto de la solterona( also known as The Secret of the Spinster or The Secret of the Old Maid) is a 1945 Mexican mystery romantic drama film directed and co-written by Miguel M. Delgado, based on an 1868 book of the same name by E. Marlitt.
In 1393–1394, however, the Ottoman sultan Bayezid
He started his professional career as a research assistant in International Law at the University of Parma.
Estimates of his net worth range from 3- 12 billion USD.
Most recently, he composed the music for" Deep WebThumperNarcos Season 3 The Story Of Us With Morgan Freeman" and" Chain Of Command".
Logan Sandler is an American writer and director who is best known for his first feature film" Live Cargo".
He was educated at Porthmadog Grammar School and Grove Park School, Wrexham, going on to study medicine at University of Wales, Bangor, and St. Bartholomew's Hospital.
Frank Johnson (6 September 1916 – 12 May 1979) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
It stars Rudd as Lang and Evangeline Lilly as Van Dyne, alongside Michael Peña, Walton Goggins, Bobby Cannavale, Judy Greer, Tip" T.I." Harris, David Dastmalchian, Hannah John- Kamen, Abby Ryder Fortson, Randall Park, Michelle Pfeiffer, Laurence Fishburne, and Michael Douglas.
Adaminte Makan Abu is a 2011 Indian drama film written, directed and co-produced by Salim Ahamed; it is his debut.
From 1621 to 1623, Henry held the title jointly with his father Charles Grey, 7th Earl of Kent.
The place of birth is not necessarily the place where the parents of the new baby live.
Nicephorus Gregoras portrayed her as an ambitious and arrogant leader in his historical writings.
Sbragia's most recent film appearances have been in Tom Tykwer's" Heaven"( 2001) and Brian Helgeland's" The Order"( 2003).
A house at the University of Oslo campus, Blindern, has been named after her.
" Ca n't Believe It" is a song by American rapper Flo Rida.
He was the third son of George Gordon, 2nd Marquess of Huntly.
He was the eldest son of Duke Bolko IV of Opole by his wife Margareta, possibly member of the House of Görz.
i forskning og politikk", a textbook on gender and politics for which she was co-editor.
He married Anne Pelson, daughter of Richard Pelson and his wife, née Anne Villiers, daughter of Christopher Villiers, 1st Earl of Anglesey.
She, along with her second husband, was a convinced Protestant and raised their children in the Protestant ways.
A graduate of the prestigious National Film School in Łódź, Skolimowski has directed more than twenty films since his 1960 début "Oko wykolThe Menacing Eye").
Sgt. Disco is the fifth studio album by the Ohio psychedelic/ experimental rock band Circus Devils.
Edward J. Yates( September 16, 1918 – June 2, 2006) was an American television director who was the director of the ABC television program" American Bandstand" from 1952 until 1969.
At the 75th Academy Awards, Christopher Walken and John Williams were nominated for Best Supporting Actor and Best Original Score.
The Girl from the Wardrobe is a 2013 Polish drama film directed by Bodo Kox.
The railway station serves the town of Parkes and was built from 1881 to 1893.
The Graduation Pledge Alliance maintains a web site for campus organizers and those who have signed the Pledge.
He was a participant in the Crusade of 1101( Lerner, 1989), and provided important source material for the Rhineland massacres of Jews and for the First Crusade.
In the early 1970s he moved out to Vancouver, BC to be the technical producer for the NFB office.
Guelders had been under control of Charles the Bold since 1473, and now saw the chance to regain its independence.
Jeremias van Rensselaer( March 18, 1705 – 1745) was the eldest son of Kiliaen van Rensselaer and Maria van Cortlandt.
He won further awards including Best Film and Director for" Su mejor alumno"( 1944) at the 1945 Argentine Film Critics Association Awards.
As a member of the reigning House of Bourbon, he was a Prince du Sang.
Splitting Adam, Jinxed, Big Time Movie, Escape From Mr. Lemoncello's Library, Swindle, Saved, Son of The Beach and The Fairly Odd Parents franchise are just a few of the films and television series he's worked on over the past fifteen years.
Michael Ernest Sorvino( born November 21, 1977) is an American actor, voice actor and producer.
Princess Elisabeth of Bavaria (8 January 1874 – 4 March 1957) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach.
The film serves as the sequel to the 1989 film "K-9" and the 1999 film "K-911".
His film" How Dark the Nights Are on the Black Sea" was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1990 Cannes Film Festival.
Nazar(" The Gaze") is a 1991 Hindi- language film based on Fyodor Dostoevsky's short story," The Meek One".
Critical reviews were mixed.
2. He has appeared played or recorded with/ for among others, the Rolling Stones, Jimi Hendrix, Chuck Berry and David Bowie and David Gilmore
There they met Hugh, Archbishop of Edessa.
This film is often considered a progenitor of the fictional zombie of modern culture.
This 14th-century sovereign personally chose his posthumous name after the 9th-century Emperor Daigo and "go-"
In 1932 he won a gold medal in the art competitions of the Olympic Games for his" Rodeo".
He was married to Japanese actress Kishi Keiko from 1957 to 1975.
In 1403, 1408, and 1409, he was party to the treaties between Venice and the Ottoman prince Süleyman Çelebi and in the first of these succeeded in ridding himself of his obligations of payment of tribute.
Brielle Davis( born 1984 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian recording artist mostly known for her song" Serial Thriller" which received good publicity during 2006.
By April 2011, Wright and Cornish had completed three drafts of the script and Wright shot test footage for the film in July 2012.
It is the third installment in the "Indiana Jones" franchise.
He rose to become one of the senior commanders in al- Mu'tasim's" Turkish" guard, and participated in several expeditions such as the Sack of Amorium.
The best-selling single of his solo career, its lyrics encourage the listener to imagine a world at peace without the barriers of borders or the divisions of religion and nationality and to consider the possibility that the whole of humanity would live unattached to material possessions.
She won a bronze medal in the K- 1 team event at the 1985 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships in Augsburg.
His wrestling name was" Fabulous Freddie Valentine".
In October, Otto and Charles in turn invaded France, devastating the land around Rheims, Soissons, and Laon.
He was succeeded by his brother Khanzada Feroz Khan as Wali-e-Mewat in 1417.
It is the third part of" The Apu Trilogy", about the childhood and early adulthood of a young Bengali named Apu in the early twentieth century Indian subcontinent.
He is also the producer of the Netflix original series" Narcos", starring frequent collaborator Wagner Moura, and directed the first two episodes in the series.
He is said to have been a learned man who was educated at Cambridge and was later named Dean of Glasgow.
William is known to have been on good terms with Hugh and accepted his election, but Carolingian legitimism was not unknown in southern France, where royal power was weak.
His other compositions include five symphonies, two ballets, two symphonic poems, and a large amount of choral music and vocal art songs.
His films were generally very well received, and some of them were marked out for the inventiveness of the plot, locations used for shooting and humour.
It gives the background of the Russian Civil War after the October Revolution.
His parents were embroiled in a dispute when Nicholas died in 1354 and Guglielma raised Francis to co-rule with her.
Princess and Landgravine Christiane" Amalie" of Hesse- Homburg, full German name:" Christiane Amalie, Landgräfin von Hessen- Homburg"( 29 June 1774, Bad Homburg vor der Höhe, Landgraviate of Hesse- Homburg, Holy Roman Empire – 3 February 1846, Dessau, Duchy of Anhalt- Dessau) was a member of the House of Hesse- Homburg and a Princess and Landgravine of Hesse- Homburg by birth.
James Armour (15 January 1730 – 20 September 1798) was a master mason and father of Jean Armour, and therefore the father-in-law of the poet Robert Burns.
Under the Lantern( German: Unter der Laterne) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Lissy Arna, Gerhard Dammann and Mathias Wieman.
He learned the job of camera operator" on the side".
In 1997, he began working on his debut solo studio album," Hellbilly Deluxe", which was released in August 1998.
Antiochus IX was killed in 95BC at the hands of Seleucus VI, the son of his half-brother and rival Antiochus VIII.
He took part in the campaigns of Joan of Arc, and was named lieutenant of the province of Berry.
He played college football at Jackson State University.
Joan was the daughter of Louis IV, Count of Chiny, and Matilda of Avesnes, and became ruler of the county upon her father’s death on 7 October 1226.
The Storm was founded in 2004 and has been serving Kansas City area women since then with a mission to" provide a safe, positive and fun opportunity for women in Kansas City and surrounding areas to play tackle football."
Strock was born in Boston, and moved with his family to Los Angeles when he was 13.
Spin the Bottle is a 2003 Irish film directed by Ian Fitzgibbon.
Madang Airport, is an airport located in Madang, Papua New Guinea.
Richard Cory- Wright succeeded to the title of 4th Baronet Cory- Wright on 23 March 1969.
The film is directed by Tonie Marshall.
" Do n't Ever Cry" was the Croatian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993, performed partly in English and partly in Croatian by Put.
Jessie Ann Benton Frémont (May 31, 1824 – December 27, 1902) was an American writer and political activist.
He was knighted in 1553, and succeeded to the title at the death of his father in 1563.
He was born in Cuéllar, the son of Don Francisco Fernández de la Cueva, 2nd Duke of Alburquerque and of Francisca de Toledo, daughter of García Álvarez de Toledo, 1st Duke of Alba.
He wrote screenplays in the early 1930s and later produced the popular "The Milton Berle Show", which premiered on television in 1948.
It was entered into the 1965 Cannes Film Festival.
Helicopter Canada (aka Hélicoptère Canada) is a 1966 Canadian documentary film produced by the National Film Board of Canada and directed by Eugene Boyko.
They had six children:
A UK survey conducted by the "Guinness World Records British Hit Singles Book" named it the second best single of all time, while "Rolling Stone" ranked it number three in their list of "The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time".
In 1921, he moved to Los Angeles, California and died there in 1934; he was interred in Mount Moriah Cemetery, Butte.
Grace Huang is a Taiwan- born Australian actress of Cantonese descent, best known for her role as the Gemini Female in the RZA directed martial arts film," The Man with the Iron Fists".
Sebastián Borensztein( born 22 April 1963, in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine writer and director.
By causing chaos, the aliens hope the crisis will force humanity to listen to them; otherwise the aliens will destroy mankind with armies of the undead.
She was the eldest daughter of Frederick I, Elector of Brandenburg by his wife Elisabeth, daughter of Frederick, Duke of Bavaria- Landshut.
He appeared in 212 films between 1911 and 1930.
He became general manager of CSRC in 1928 and served until 1943; he was also chairman of the British Settlers' Welfare Committee from 1931 and was created a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1934.
He was born at Castel Genovese (modern Castelsardo) between 1378 and 1379 to Eleanor and Brancaleone Doria, a Genoese nobleman.
Established as Little Rock Junior College by the Little Rock School District in 1927, the institution became a private four- year university under the name Little Rock University in 1957.
He survived the sinking by climbing aboard an overturned collapsible lifeboat and wrote a popular book about the disaster, which is still in print today.
John Korty( born June 22, 1936) is an American film director and animator, best known for the television film" The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" and the documentary" Who Are the DeBolts?
The stories were later turned into a best- selling book and radio series.
He heads the Rice Networks Group.
His writings contain many allusions to the history of Greece, while there is little reference to Rome; hence it is inferred that he lived longer in Greece, perhaps as a professor at Athens.
Manjal Mahimai
Yet many cases were dropped before being proceeded or were eventually given royal pardon.
Ernie Reyes( born February 12, 1947) is an American martial artist, actor, and fight choreographer.
Anne eventually married Charles VIII in 1491.
As he did not have a legitimate child, the succession passed to his sisters: Mathilde( also, Machteld), who was married to John II, Count of Blois, and Maria, wife of William II of Jülich and mother to William I of Guelders and Jülich, on whose behalf she claimed the throne of Guelders.
He was the elder son of Frederick I of Nuremberg and Sophie of Raabs.
He was the father of actress Lilla Brignone and younger brother of actress Mercedes Brignone.
The film stars Sathyan, Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Adoor Bhasi and Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair in the lead roles.
The film received mixed reviews from critics, although the performances were praised, and it grossed$ 84 million worldwide.
William Neville( 15 May 1935 – 29 September 2018) was an Irish footballer from Cork who played as a forward for West Ham United.
Having spent years studying music and playing clubs, Jackson scored a hit with his first release, "Is She Really Going Out with Him?", in 1979.
Khushab Junction railway station is located in Pakistan.
By this act Ansur, his wife Guntroda, and their children — Fernando, Oveco, Muño, Nuño, Gutierre, Gonzalo, and Teresa—donated the village of Fuente Adrada near Sacramenia to the monastery of San Pedro de Cardeña.
He directed Gary Cooper in seven films.
It also features Josef Peterhans and Reinhold Schünzel.
Kamakalawa is a 1981 Filipino fantasy film written, produced and directed by Eddie Romero and starred Christopher De Leon, Tetchie Agbayani and Chat Silayan.
Katt Williams: American Hustle, also known as American Hustle:
At age 18, she was the youngest member of the Kenyan Olympic squad.
Tim Kruse( born 10 January 1983) is a German retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.
After his tenure was up, he went to the Holy Land in the company of Bohemond of Taranto and there received the county of Jaffa.
Mohawk is a 2017 American political action-horror film directed by Ted Geoghegan, co-written by Geoghegan and novelist Grady Hendrix, and starring Kaniehtiio Horn, Ezra Buzzington, Noah Segan, and professional wrestler
She only found out years later that she had been in a Fu Manchu film.
Though well-liked in Kentucky, he was reviled by many in the North as a traitor.
He held a number of posts in connection with his high office but is best remembered for his patronage of cricket.
In 1998, her film "Cinema Alcázar", won the Silver Bear award at the Berlin International Film Festival Berlinale.
The song was written by Björk and produced by the singer and British producer Mark Bell for Björk's album "Homogenic" (1997).
Princess Frederica Dorothea "Louise" Philippine of Prussia (24 May 1770 - 7 December 1836) was a member of the House of Hohenzollern.
Upon its release, "The Love & War MasterPeace" was well received by music critics.
Oda ’s husband Gislebert was son of Otto, Count of Duras and therefore the grandson of Giselbert, the first Count of Looz, whose family would eventually be merged with the Counts of Chiny with the marriage of Otto's great- great granddaughter Jeanne, Countess of Chiny, with Arnold IV, Count of Looz.
Sancha was the fifth child of seven born to her parents.
She named after her maternal grandmother, Anna of Bohemia.
BiB packaging can be made using form seal fill( FSF) technology, where the bags are manufactured on- line from reels of film, then the FlexTap is inserted then filled on an integral rotary head filler.
He was elected a Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2001 and received an honorary doctoral degree in 2009 from Harvard University in addition to an honorary doctoral degree from the University of Oxford in 2016 for his contribution to the arts.
She is the younger sister of Queen Sofía of Spain and of the deposed King Constantine II of Greece and maternal aunt of Felipe VI of Spain.
Frederick William, Prince of Nassau- Weilburg( 25 October 1768, The Hague – 9 January 1816, Weilburg) was a ruler of Nassau- Weilburg.
He won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction for the film" The Merry Widow".
Following this album, the Junkies were dropped from the Geffen record label.
The series premiered theatrically in 1988 as two films, "Les Tisserands du pouvoir" and "Les Tisserands du pouvoir 2:
Werner Herzog( born 5 September 1942) is a German film director, screenwriter, author, actor, and opera director.
The plot follows a cynical police officer, who comes from a family of thieves, and a lonely philosophy professor, both romantically involved with a self-destructive petty criminal.
Erwin Wagenhofer( born 27 May 1961 in Amstetten) is an Austrian author and film director.
He was adopted by his great-uncle Claudius and became Claudius' heir and successor.
She was the second daughter of Konrad III of Masovia and Anna Radziwiłł.
The Săliște( also:" Râul Negru" and" Valea Mare") is a left tributary of the river Cibin in Romania.
It was made by Erich Pommer's production unit, part of the German Major film studio UFA.
Kodardas Kalidas Shah( born October 15, 1908, died March 14, 1986) is an Indian politician who served as the Governor of Tamil Nadu from 1971 to 1976.
In 1732, he led a successful campaign against the Crimean Tatars in the Caucasus.
The film stars Gene Autry, Gail Davis, Robert Armstrong, Dick Jones, Frankie Darro and Irving Bacon.
She was given the title "Mother of Biak-na-Bato" by Gen. Emilio Aguinaldo.
He began his film career while working as a set painter for Columbia Pictures, appearing in uncredited roles, and also starred in a regional Chicago production of "Death of a Salesman" in 1950.
In the 19th century he was retrospectively known by the title Margrave of Brandenburg- Schwedt, in order to differentiate his branch of the Hohenzollern dynasty.
This agreement came when Claro shut down the former Verizon CDMA network in Puerto Rico in favor of GSM, UMTS, and LTE.
Jonathan "Luke Harper" Huber in his feature film debut.
William Brown Cooper( 1811–1900) was an American painter.
Born in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia, he is older brother of the twins Vojdan Stojanovski and Damjan Stojanovski, who are also basketball players.
Charles II d'Albret (1407–1471) was a French magnate, administrator, and soldier.
He joined the Rice University faculty in 1996.
Lawrence Beesley (31 December 1877 – 14 February 1967) was an English science teacher, journalist and author who was a survivor of the sinking of .
His mother was Pelagie Kiersereau (1767-1793)
What is Money?,
Charles II of Orléans (22 January 1522 – 9 September 1545) was the third son of Francis I and Claude of France.
Beatriz is considered a" bicon"( a portmanteau of bisexual icon) by the LGBT community.
Chouteau was born in St. Louis, then part of Spanish colonial Upper Louisiana.
What is Love?,
He fought at the Battle of Agincourt and was invested as the 151st Knight of the Garter on 5 May 1436.
Born in Preston, his family ’s humble circumstances forced him to start work at the age of fourteen.
Upon its release, the film was met with negative reviews by critics and did poorly at the box office.
It competed in the Un Certain Regard section of the 1979 Cannes Film Festival.
King Kong is a 2005 epic monster adventure film co-written, produced, and directed by Peter Jackson.
Most of the songs on this album were written before Yow joined, but were reworked to take account of his vocals.
The film is about a clan of evil aliens from an unknown region, who all resemble circus clowns.
The company filling the bag with its product generally removes the tap, fills the bag( with wine, juice or other liquid) and replaces the tap and then the bag is placed in the box.
Ramiro was thus raised at the Aragonese court, and was lord of Monzón, in which he was succeeded by his eldest son, the future king García Ramírez of Navarre.
She subsequently played supporting roles in the films
For whatever reason, Bodonitsa was spared and merely forced to pay annual tribute to the sultan.
Fred Hole( 8 May 1935 – 4 February 2011) was an English art director.
Its second single, "
While working as an actor, he also worked as an assistant director.
The Bosphorus Strait connects it to the Sea of Marmara, and the Strait of the Dardanelles connects that sea to the Aegean Sea region of the Mediterranean.
The film was an important work in Gordon's early career, and is said to introduce themes common to his work, such as" recognition and repetition, time and memory, complicity and duplicity, authorship and authenticity, darkness and light."
She is the stepmother of actress Rachel True.
Elite Squad:
It is based on a novel by Goffredo Parise.
During a decade away from acting he directed the successful" Stir Crazy"( 1980) starring Richard Pryor and Gene Wilder, among other films.
He gave the relics to Gilduin for transfer to Cluny, now under Pons of Melgueil, a mission which he completed.
Charles Herbert( Herbie) Little was born and raised in Mount Forest, Ontario.
but it was only released on a 12-inch vinyl.
He competed in the four man event at the 1994 Winter Olympics.
A Face in the Fog is a 1936 American film directed by Robert F. Hill.
In early 2008, Yow was hospitalized with a punctured lung after a show in Pittsburgh.
To that end, the effects team was aided by Hollywood's Marc Kolbe and Craig Mumma, and the stunts were choreographed by Chinese martial arts film expert Tony Ching.
In the 1930s, film critic and teacher Umberto Barbaro exalted Sperduti nel buio in his essays, and showed it in his classes at Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia in Rome.
For the notes of the book alone he had been collecting material for thirty years, though his actual translation of it only took him eighteen months."
Included is New York baseball manager Leo Durocher.
This marked Nana Patekar's Tamil film debut.
Herod also appears in the Christian Gospel of Matthew as the ruler of Judea who orders the Massacre of the Innocents at the time of the birth of Jesus, although a majority of Herod biographers and probably a majority of biblical scholars do not believe this event to have occurred.
Ratmalane Sri Dharmaloka Thera was the founder of Vidyalankara Pirivena, Peliyagoda, which was granted the University status later by the Sri Lankan government in 1959, and presently known as University of Kelaniya.
The term" Pombaline" is used to describe not only his tenure, but also the architectural style adopted in Lisbon after the great earthquake.
At Zengi's death, Alp- Arslan tried to exploit the ensuing disorder to gain the power in Mosul.
He was killed by Godfrey II, Duke of Lower Lorraine in battle for Godfrey's claim of Count of Verdun.
David George Coke Patrick Ogilvy, 8th( or 13th) Earl of Airlie,( born 17 May 1926) is a Scottish peer.
He has won numerous awards including Grammy Awards, American Music Awards, BET Awards, "Billboard" Music Award's, NAACP Image Awards and Soul Train Music Awards.
He was assistant editor on the 1944 film "Gaslight" for MGM.
During this period, he signed several laws that advanced the rights of and opportunities for black residents, as well as guaranteeing fugitive slaves jury trials in the state.
He lives in Berlin.
The film is based on a 1929 short- story," Xiao Xiao"( or" Hsiao Hsiao"), by author Shen Congwen.
He served as Ambassador to the Holy See and finally was President of the Council of Italy and Council of Aragon.
A pioneer in the theory and practice of montage, he is best known for three major silent films:" J'accuse"( 1919)," La Roue"( 1923), and" Napoléon"( 1927).
Other accounts exist:
Trinidad Perez Tecson (November 18, 1848 – January 28, 1928), known as the "Mother of Biak-na-Bato" and "Mother of Mercy", fought to gain Philippines independence.
Mohammad Ilyas Mahmood( born March 19, 1946, Lahore, Punjab) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in ten Tests from 1964 to 1969.
The film depicts a couple having an affair.
Wahroonga Public School is a public school located in Wahroonga, New South Wales and is known as" The Bush School".
Albert Parker( May 11, 1885 – August 10, 1974) was an American film director, producer, screenwriter and actor.
Road to Singapore is a 1940 American semi-musical comedy film directed by Victor Schertzinger and starring Bing Crosby, Dorothy Lamour and Bob Hope.
Salwan Public School is a public school in New Delhi, India.
The school is managed by ST Mary's Educational and cultural society Thiruvalla.
His roles include Wing Chau in" The Big Short", Chang in" Hell on Wheels", Ryu in" Street Fighter", Silver Lion in" The Man with the Iron Fists", Admiral Nguyen in" The Expanse", Yao Fei in the first season of" Arrow" and Uncle Six in the Netflix series" Wu Assassins".
Vayyari Bhamalu Vagalamari Bhartalu (English: Beautiful Girls, Cunning Husbands) is a 1982 Telugu comedy film, produced by R. V. Gurupadam under the G.R.P. Art Pictures banner and directed by Katta Subba Rao.
Take Me Out may refer to:
He received a degree in economics from the University of Lisbon.
John Winston Ono Lennon (born John Winston Lennon, 9 October 19408 December 1980) was an English singer, songwriter and peace activist who gained worldwide fame as the founder, co-lead vocalist, and rhythm guitarist of the Beatles.
Coloman was crowned the first king of Halych with the pope's authorization in early 1216.
His family lived in the Bahamas but Poitier was born in Miami while they were visiting, thereby acquiring American citizenship.
Affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party( PPD), he started his political career as a Cabinet member, but eventually became a Senator at- large.
As a pure graphical adventure game," Emerald City Confidential" follows the guidelines first introduced by LucasArts: it is impossible to die or to get stuck at any moment in the game, which allows the user to fully immerse him/ herself in" Emerald City Confidential" s universe without the fear of making a mistake or the constant need to save the game.
Ariadna Tudel Cuberes( born November 17, 1978) from Escaldes- Engordany is an Andorran road cyclist and ski mountaineer.
" Ant- Man and the Wasp" was officially announced in October 2015, with Rudd and Lilly returning to reprise their roles.
The song title was originally released by Yoyoy Villame as "Vietcong Palagdas" performed by Villame with the Embees and the MB Rondalla Band through Kinampay Records.
It follows the protagonist Petra, Emerald City's only private eye, as she is approached by a strange woman named Dee Gale.
He died later in 1441.
In 1956, Cryan went to work in Attleboro at the former WARA radio station and joined WPRO radio in Providence in 1965.
Eight of Gavaldón's films were featured on the list 100 Best Movies of the Cinema of Mexico.
He played four times for the England national rugby union team in 1912 but died later that year aged only nineteen.
The Douro Wine Company( also known as the General Company of Agriculture of the Wines of the Upper Douro and in Portuguese Companhia Geral da Agricultura e Vinhos do Alto Douro) was a government oversight organization established by the Portuguese Prime Minister Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, Marquis of Pombal to regulate the trade and production of Port wine.
Johnny on the Spot is a 1954 British crime drama film directed by Maclean Rogers.
On 16 August 1391, Marianus accompanied his father at the occupation of Sassari and Osilo.
The film was released in theaters on May 25, 1983, six years to the day of the release of the first film, receiving mostly positive reviews.
(Lisbon, May 6, 1703-Ponte de Lima, June 3, 1756) was a natural son of Portuguese King Peter II and a Portuguese lady named Francisca Clara da Silva.
The song was produced by Just Blaze( along with him providing additional vocals), who also produced other songs in this album such as" Losing Weight, Pt. 2" and the hit single Oh Boy.
In 1923 his company Hepworth Pictures went into receivership.
His eldest son William the Silent inherited the principality of Orange in Southern France from his cousin René of Chalon, as well as the vast properties of the House of Nassau- Dillenburg in the Netherlands from his father, which Engelbert I of Nassau had received by marriage in 1403.
Prior to this, Govan worked as the director of the Dia Art Foundation in New York City.
On 16 March 1357, he became a vassal of Peter IV of Aragon, the nominal King of Sardinia, to legitimate the possessions of his father on the island.
Jobim has left many songs that are now included in jazz and pop standard repertoires.
He was consecrated in between 888 and 890 and died between 930 and 931.
The film was theatrically released in the United States on August 23, 2013, by Cinedigm.
The Turkish party then prevailed on al- Muntasir to remove his brothers from the succession, fearing revenge for the murder of their father.
He was consecrated a bishop in the church of the Sorbonne on 8 April 1770 by his brother Louis, the coadjutor Archbishop of Strasbourg, assisted by the Bishops of Poitiers and Vabres.
He married actress Lorraine Miller on December 10, 1949.
The film was a success with the audience.
The film was a British- West German co-production, and was the first in a five- part series starring Lee and produced by Harry Alan Towers for Constantin Film, the second of which was" The Brides of Fu Manchu" released the next year, with the final entry being" The Castle of Fu Manchu" in 1969.
The film was released on March 25, 2011 by 20th Century Fox.
An original drummer for the British band The Bo Street Runners, Hutchinson left the band to work for Disney full- time.
Charles Herbert Mayo( 1845–1929) was a Dorset clergyman and antiquarian.
He filmed very quickly, he only wanted to finish and achieve a good result.
" 5 Steps to Danger" was based on the novel" The Steel Mirror" by Donald Hamilton.
Five Deadly Venoms ('五毒' – Cantonese: "Ng5 Duk6") also known as Five Venoms, is a cult 1978 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chang Cheh, starring the Venom Mob, with martial arts choreography by Leung Ting, and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, about five kung-fu fighters with unique animal styles: the Centipede, the Snake, the Scorpion, the Lizard, and the Toad.
Two Can Play That Game is a 2001 romantic comedy film written and directed by Mark Brown and starring Vivica A. Fox and Morris Chestnut.
Western Washington University (WWU or Western) is a public university in Bellingham, Washington.
He is a recipient of the AFI Life Achievement Award for his contributions to the cinema, and has won an Academy Award, a Palme d' Or, Cannes Film Festival Best Director Award, Silver Lion, Grammy Award, Emmys, Golden Globes, BAFTAs, and Directors Guild of America Awards.
Auras, when they occur, allow some people who have epilepsy time to prevent injury to themselves and/ or others.
Margrave Charles Philip of Brandenburg-Schwedt (5 January 1673 in Sparnberg – 23 July 1695 in Casale Monferrato) was a Hohenzollern prince and a titular Margrave of Brandenburg-Schwedt.
Arthur Sherburne Hardy or Arthur S. Hardy( August 13, 1847 – March 14, 1930) was an American engineer, educator, editor, diplomat, novelist, and poet.
He was the son of Sigurd Ibsen, and the grandson of Henrik Ibsen and Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson.
Princess Alexandra Victoria of Schleswig-Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg( 21 April 1887 – 15 April 1957) was a daughter of Friedrich Ferdinand, Duke of Schleswig- Holstein and his wife Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Augustenburg.
He is a member of the famous ensemble known as the" Venom Mob" who were renowned for their martial arts and acting skills.
She lived in a ménage à trois with Augustus John and his wife Ida Nettleship, sometimes as part of a Gypsy caravan that would grow to include John's children by both women.
The film was picked up by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Orion Pictures and was given a limited release on film and video on demand on June 19, 2015.
Gilduin of Le Puiset( d. between 1130 and 1135) was the son of Hugh I of Le Puiset and Alice of Monthléry, daughter of Guy I of Montlhéry.
In 1348, he purchased the castle of Jánský vrch from Bolko II of Świdnica, and turned it into the palace of the prince- bishops of Wrocław.
He served in the U.S. Senate during the outbreak of the American Civil War, but was expelled after joining the Confederate Army.
" Even the Nights Are Better" is the title of a popular song from 1982( see 1982 in music) by the Australian soft rock group Air Supply.
Golan also wrote and "polished" numerous film scripts under the pen name Joseph Goldman.
He was buried in Enebakk.
Willem Pieter Jacobus Brakman( 1922 – 2008) was a Dutch writer who made his literary debut with the novel" Een winterreis" in 1961.
François Henri Eugène Daugier( or" François- Henri- Eugène d' Augier")( 12 September 1764, Courthezon- 12 April 1834, Paris) was a French naval officer and politician.
The Adjuster is a 1991 Canadian drama film directed by Atom Egoyan.
A grandson of billionaire John D. Rockefeller and a member of the wealthy Rockefeller family, he was a noted art collector and served as administrator of Rockefeller Center in Manhattan, New York.
Helvide was the widow of Hugh of Chacenay, Seigneur de Montréal.
It is subordinate to the Southern Regional Command located in Shizafon base.
Henry Bryant( May 12, 1820 – February 2, 1867) was an American physician and naturalist.
Her official title was Preah Mohasatreiyani Sisowath Monivong Kossamak Nearirath Serey Vathana .
Bond of Strangers - The OpHusky Digital MediaExperience takes viewers into a journey through Sicily during the original OpHusky mission in 1943 and the 70th Anniversary Remembrance Trek in 2013.
It features performances by Fausto Mata, Denise Quiñones, Anthony Alvarez, Crystal Jimenez, Hector Anibal, Kenny Grullón, Manuel Chapuseaux, Christian Alvarez, Josue Guerrero, Patricia Ascuasiati and others.
He was later selected as Speaker of the Lower House at the first regular session of the Pyithu Hluttaw in 2011.
Waleran III of Luxembourg( 1355 – 12 April 1415) Count of Ligny and Saint Pol, was a French nobleman and soldier.
It peaked at No. 13 on the ARIA Albums Chart after being released on vinyl in November 2018.
Dorothy and her family were forced to seek exile in Geneva during the reign of Mary I due to their Protestant religion.
He helped introduce more sophisticated plots and noirish sexual and psychological undercurrents into cinema.
The Cousin from Nowhere is a 1934 German operetta film directed by Georg Zoch and starring Lien Deyers, Lizzi Holzschuh and Walter von Lennep.
Deepak Sareen is a Bollywood film director and assistant director.
The defeat and capture of Valerian at Edessa in 260 by the Sasanian Empire threw the Roman Empire into the chaos of civil war.
Mark Fitler Rockefeller (born 1967) is a fourth-generation member of the Rockefeller family.
Francesco III Gonzaga (10 March 1533 – 22 February 1550) was Duke of Mantua and Marquess of Montferrat from 1540 until his death.
Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Hohenzollern( 3 February 1924 – 16 September 2010) was the head of the Princely House of Hohenzollern for over 45 years.
A record of none of his acts has survived, and he is only important for standing at the head of Arborea's first dynasty, which took the name Lacon( or Laccon).
He was known as the Duke of Edinburgh from 1866 until he succeeded his paternal uncle Ernest II as the reigning Duke of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha in the German Empire.
Saint Francis of Assisi Girls' Secondary School is the only girls' secondary school in the Upper West Region of Ghana.
Anna- Liisa is a 1922 Finnish silent film directed by Teuvo Puro and Jussi Snellman based on the eponymous play by Finnish writer Minna Canth.
On 17 January 1521, Sophia and her entourage went to Hungary, where in February there was a formal marriage.
He was educated at J. L. Young's Adelaide Educational Institution, joined his father's boot-making business in King William Street, then became a prominent auctioneer.
It is often sung in a barbershop quartet style.
An open-access repository or open archive is a digital platform that holds research output and provides free, immediate and permanent access to research results for anyone to use, download and distribute.
Many of his descendants had illustrious careers in the Holy Land, through the Montlhéry, Courtenay, and Le Puiset branches of his family.
He moved to Paris to pursue his career, frequenting Henri Langlois' Cinémathèque Française and other ciné-clubs; there, he met François Truffaut, Jean-Luc Godard, Éric Rohmer, Claude Chabrol and other future members of the New Wave.
Jonathan Leach( born April 18, 1973) is a former professional tennis player from the United States.
Several fans expressed disappointment with Ackbar's sudden death in" The Last Jedi", calling it abrupt and unceremonious, a sentiment echoed by Ackbar actors Rose and Kane, as well as the film's editor Bob Ducsay.
Mithoon composed the film's score and soundtrack.
Ognen Stojanovski( born January 25, 1984) is a Macedonian professional basketball player.
Lip, A Feminist Arts Journal, or just Lip, was an Australian interdisciplinary feminist art journal, published between 1976 and 1984.
He directed 16 films between 1945 and 1968.
During his Pathé career, he worked as an adviser and supervisor to various directors, including Michel Carré, Georges Denola, Henri Étiévant, and Georges Monca.
Capellani, along with his brother Paul, studied acting under Charles le Bargy at the Conservatoire de Paris.
Only the "Chronicum Scotorum" of the Irish annals mentions him as king of Connacht in his death obit.
The Hon.
He directed his last film in 1964.
Many of the films directed by Katta Subbarao are hit movies, namely" Srirasthu SubhamasthuMogudu KaavaliGadasari Atha-Sogasari KodaluKontemogudu- Penki Pellam" and others.
" Plan 9 from Outer Space" was released theatrically in 1959 by Distributors Corporation of America( then credited as Valiant Pictures).
He is best known for telenovelas" La mujer perfecta" and" Los hombres también lloran", and in movies such as" Blue and Not So Pink" and" La casa del fin de los tiempos".
Gothelo II( also Gozelo)( 1008 – 1046), variously called" the Cowardthe Sluggardthe Indolent", or" the Lazy"( Latin" ignavus"), has been often said to be Duke of Lower Lorraine after the death of his father Gothelo I, Duke of both Lower and Upper Lorraine( 1044) until his own death in 1046.
Eadie Was a Lady is a 1945 American musical comedy.
He made his debut in 1975 with the LP "Vargmåne" and was immediately hailed as "Sweden's Bob Dylan".
The Phantom Flyer( aka The Phantom Ranger) is a 1928 silent western and aviation film directed by Bruce M. Mitchell and starring Al Wilson, Lillian Gilmore and Buck Connors.
Like many of the other films he directed, it was a low- budget series film.
He worked on films across Canada and around the world, including India, Afghanistan, Ghana and throughout Europe.
(July 6, 1829 – January 14, 1880) was the German pretender to the throne of Schleswig-Holstein from 1863, although in reality Prussia took overlordship and real administrative power.
Eleanor de Clare, suo jure 6th Lady of Glamorgan( 3 October 1292- 30 June 1337) was a powerful English noblewoman who married Hugh Despenser the Younger and was a granddaughter of Edward I of England.
Ana de Mendonça was direct cousin of Izeu Perestrelo( Captainess of Graciosa Island) married to King John II's Royal Guard, Pedro Correia da Cunha Captain of Graciosa Island.
Harrison Ford reprises the title role, while his father is portrayed by Sean Connery.
Reinald also stood against the House of Cleves in the Niederrhein area and maintained a lot of influence over Guelders.
Open Access 2 closed on 21 September 2010 after its Sky EPG slot of channel 189 was purchased by Information TV for Information TV+ 1.
He fought at the battles of Stoke and Flodden.
With the Gallic Wars concluded, the Senate ordered Caesar to step down from his military command and return to Rome.
E. Mason Hopper (December 6, 1885 – January 3, 1967) was an American film director of the silent era.
After its release, "Raging Bull" went on to garner a high critical reputation, and is now often considered Scorsese's magnum opus and one of the greatest films ever made.
After being released, Chouteau continued the family trade among the Osage.
For two years he travelled across the country filming.
St Mary's Catholic College( SMC) is part of St John Plessington Catholic College( SJP) and work in very close relationship to further both schools.
Leonid Iovich Gaidai( 30 January 1923, Svobodny, Amur Oblast – 19 November 1993, Moscow) was a Soviet and Russian comedy film director who enjoyed immense popularity and broad public recognition in the former Soviet Union.
In February 2011, after leaving Grand Hustle Records, Mill signed with Miami-based rapper Rick Ross's Maybach Music Group (MMG).
While working with Hemmings, Hutchinson became friends with New Zealand cinematographer, Graeme Cowley.
It was an adaptation of the play" Mr. Hopkinson" by R. C. Carton.
Godard's own dog Roxy Miéville has a prominent role in the film and won a prize at the Cannes Film Festival.
Sisowath Kossamak (9 April 1904 – 27 April 1975) was the Queen consort of Cambodia by marriage to King Norodom Suramarit from 1955 to his death in 1960.
Elliot Silverstein( born August 3, 1927, in Boston, Massachusetts) is an American director, who is best known for being the director of the movie" Cat Ballou"( 1965).
He appears in a charter of 2 June 965 donating money in memory of Godfrey.
Jacob Knaani( Kishenev, 1894- Jerusalem, 1978) was a Moldavian born, later Israeli, lexicographer.
However, this appeared to change and al- Muntasir feared his father was going to move against him.
William de Brus, 3rd Lord of Annandale (died 16 July 1212), was the second but eldest surviving son of Robert de Brus, 2nd Lord of Annandale.
He was born in Madrid, was baptised into the Orthodox faith and had a master's degree in Agricultural Economics from Penn State University.
In 1104 he was "tenente" of Urroz, of Monzón between 1104 and 1116, probably of Tudela in 1117 and from 1122 to 1129 in Erro.
The following film in the series is "Goltzius and the Pelican Company".
His fourth studio album, "Championships", was released in November 2018 and debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200.
François Thierry( 1677- 1749) was the last representative, in the third generation, of an important family of French organ builders based in Paris.
Beatrice Cynthia Freeman( January 10, 1915 – October 22, 1988), pseudonym of Bea Feinberg, was an American novelist.
The song peaked at number 10 on the US charts, and number 3 on the UK charts in early 1958.
In 1838/9 Minna was residing with her parents in Athens, whilst her father, Sir Edmund Lyons, was serving as the British Minister to Greece, when Lord Fitzalan, heir to the Duke of Norfolk, became a guest of Sir Edmund Lyons.
He had a daughter whom he married to a Serbian lord in Thessaly
By 2006, the school had grown to 330 students and a staff of 21 teachers.
He was featured on the" Sex and the City" soundtrack and his song" Dreams Come True" was his first big radio hit.
One year later, he released a cover of "Lovesick Blues" recorded at Herzog Studio in Cincinnati, which carried him into the mainstream of music.
He was of Irish descent, the son of William Brereton of Mountrath.
She is best known for" Jeanne Dielman, 23 quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles"( 1975), which was dubbed a" masterpiece" by" The New York Times".
Jannings had recently returned from Hollywood where the arrival of sound films had harmed his career.
Princess Irina Felixovna Yusupova, nicknamed" Bébé",( 21 March 1915 – 30 August 1983) was born in Petrograd, Russian Empire, the only child of Prince Felix Yusupov and Princess Irina of Russia.
Party documents later released state:
"the plane was making for the Soviet Union but was inadequately fueled for such a trip; it also had on board neither navigator nor radio operator.
Sir Henry de Bohun( died 23 June 1314) was an English knight, the grandson of Humphrey de Bohun, 2nd Earl of Hereford.
He established Estudios Cinematográficos Borcosque in Santiago in 1922 and directed several Chilean silent movies before he moved to Hollywood in 1926 where he worked as a consultant on Latin-based movies, and had a spell working for Paramount Pictures.
The film was theatrically released in the United States on 21 June 2019 by Summit Entertainment and on 10 July 2019 by Pathé in France.
Seton was present on 10 February 1306 when Sir John Comyn, Lord of Badenoch was stabbed by Robert de Brus in Greyfriars Church, Dumfries.
Winning the club goalkicking award in 1981 with 25 goals, Edmond was Footscray captain from 1983 to 1985.
" The Naked Marquis" merits a place on the keeper shelves of readers of the traditional Regency and the spicier Regency- set historical romances alike".
He studied medicine and chemistry in the University of Bologna.
On his father's side, Richard Neville was the grandson of George Neville, 1st Baron Latimer (d. 30 or 31 December 1469), and Elizabeth Beauchamp, the daughter of Richard de Beauchamp, 13th Earl of Warwick.
Edward W. Knightly is an American professor and the department chair of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Rice University in Houston, Texas.
He is the Chief Business Officer at YouTube where he oversees all business functions such as content, sales, marketing and operations.
After the screening, people should say: Well now, I am in a good mood, I will go out and have a glass of wine."
The Way to the Gold is a 1957 drama film directed by Robert D. Webb and starring Jeffrey Hunter, Sheree North, and Barry Sullivan.
Black Bandit is a 1938 American Western film written and directed by George Waggner.
A child born to one Swiss parent and one foreign parent acquires the place of origin of their Swiss parent.
The government also erected flagpoles at each school and public schoolchildren now sing the territorial song as they raise the UK and VI flags each school day morning.
Chisholm also had close relationships with brothers George VI and Edward VIII, both future Kings of the United Kingdom.
He died childless and his primary title as Earl of Kent was inherited by his closest male- line relative, Anthony Grey, 9th Earl of Kent, the Rector of Burbage, Leicestershire.
George Grenfell Glyn, 2nd Baron Wolverton PC( 10 February 1824 – 6 November 1887), was a British Liberal politician.
She was born three months after her father's death, on 21 July 1764.
The Blood of Fu Manchu, also known as Fu Manchu and the Kiss of Death, Kiss of Death, Kiss and Kill( U.S. title) and Against All Odds( original U.S. video title), is a 1968 British adventure crime film directed by Jesús Franco, based on the fictional Asian villain Dr. Fu Manchu created by Sax Rohmer.
Huc- Mazelet Luquiens( 1881 — 1961) was an American printmaker, painter and art educator who was born June 30, 1881 in Massachusetts to Jules Luquiens a French- speaking Swiss and Emma Clark who was born in Ohio.
Her step-granddaughter was the 1960s bohemian fashion icon Talitha Getty.
Dodo and Hadvide are not known to have had any children, although a son named Quino has been attributed to Dodo.
Peter Byard Davis( born 25 April 1947) is a New Zealand sociologist, professor, and the husband of Helen Clark, who was the Prime Minister of New Zealand from 1999 to 2008.
It was shown at numerous festivals and won several prizes.
He later directed" Halloween II"( 2009), which failed to match the success of its predecessor.
I after the death of their father on 16 June 1381, Siemowit IV finally obtain the totality of his domains:
In 2004 he teamed with Gwen Stefani on a song for the" 50 First Dates" soundtrack called" Slave to Love".
When two estranged brothers reunite at their childhood home in the Alaskan wilderness, they set out on a two-day hike and are stalked by a massive, unrelenting, and bloodthirsty grizzly bear.
Cyrano and d' Artagnan is a 1964 French adventure film directed by Abel Gance, starring José Ferrer and Jean- Pierre Cassel.
Keratsa-Maria of Bulgaria( 1348–1390) was Princess of Bulgaria during the Second Bulgarian Empire and Empress of Byzantine Empire.
Rioja or La Rioja may refer to:
Warren has won a Grammy Award, an Emmy Award, a Golden Globe Award, three consecutive "Billboard" Music Awards for Songwriter of the Year, and has been nominated for ten Academy Awards.
He is younger brother of Goran Švonja.
It was the last film released with Harlow in it during her lifetime.
Marquette is one of 28 member institutions of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.
The song was published in 1909 and first performed on stage by Lillian Lorraine in the" Ziegfeld Follies of 1909".
Dmitri Alexandrovich Gavrilov , born 27 November 1986, is a Kazakhstani professional basketball player.
Thomas Wilson (September 11, 1765 – January 24, 1826) was a U.S. Representative from Virginia, father of Edgar Campbell Wilson and grandfather of Eugene McLanahan Wilson.
His 1985 film" The Journey of a Young Composer" was entered into the 36th Berlin International Film Festival where he won the Silver Bear for Best Director.
Jakob Johann Freiherr von Uexküll (– 25 July 1944) was a Baltic German biologist who worked in the fields of muscular physiology, animal behaviour studies, and the cybernetics of life.
Each film features Robin Askwith and Antony Booth.
As a director and writer, he showed literary and cultural aspirations in the selection and treatment of his themes.
The Potoc is a left tributary of the river Crișul Alb in Romania.
Our Relations is a 1936 feature film starring Laurel and Hardy, produced by Stan Laurel for Hal Roach Studios.
Like the other films in the" Confessions" series;" Confessions of a Pop PerformerConfessions of a Driving Instructor" and" Confessions from a Holiday Camp", it concerns the erotic adventures of Timothy Lea, based on the novels written under that name by Christopher Wood.
In 2006, at the age of 28, Louryk was subsequently nominated for and awarded the Drama Desk Award in the category Unique Theatrical Experience, the same category in which Robert Wilson was also nominated.
He also sculpted the statue of St Pio of Pietrelcina and John Paul II at the old Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe, the new central altar of the Metropolitan Cathedral of Mexico City, the tomb of Alfonso Reyes at the Rotunda of Illustrious People and the tomb of Ignacio Zaragoza, among others.
Linda Miller may refer to:
In 1964 he won the Academy Award for Best Actor and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor for his role in" Lilies of the Field"( 1963) in which he played a handyman who stays with and helps a group of German- speaking nuns build a chapel.
His father Jeff played professional tournament golf in South Korea and is now a teaching professional.
Clara Lou Sheridan( February 21, 1915 – January 21, 1967), known professionally as Ann Sheridan, was an American actress and singer.
Dorothee Metlitzki( or Devora Metlitsky; July 27, 1914 – April 14, 2001) was a German- born, later American, author and professor of English at the University of California, Berkeley and, for most of her career, at Yale University.
He was born in Liverpool, Lancashire, England on 14 August 1863.
North Kansas City is a city in Clay County, Missouri, United States.
Menahem Golan (May 31, 1929 – August 8, 2014) was an Israeli film producer, screenwriter, and director.
For directing the now- almost forgotten film" My Six Convicts"( 1952), Fregonese was nominated for the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing- Feature Film.
Until December 1991, the Belmont line diverged to the south- east of the station.
His films, which are mostly adaptations of novels or short stories, cover a wide range of genres, and are noted for their realism, dark humor, unique cinematography, extensive set designs, and evocative use of music.
Claudia Myers is an American screenwriter, director and producer.
Wood has also written a number of books on English history, including" In Search of the Dark Ages The Domesday Quest The Story of England", and" In Search of Shakespeare".
Darkness at Noon may also refer to:
He married Lady Margaret Wemyss, daughter of James Wemyss, Lord Burntisland and Margaret Wemyss, 3rd Countess of Wemyss, on 29 January 1697 and had five children:
Henrique de Mendonça was President of the from 1911 to 1913, and, from 1930 to 1942, National President of the Portuguese Red Cross.
He is described by the film critic Leonard Maltin as" a principled filmmaker who has worked both outside and within the mainstream, attempting to find projects that support his humanistic beliefs".
He studied history at the University of Ljubljana, graduating under the supervision of Bogo Grafenauer in 1986.
The film was released to financial success but initial reviews were mixed, criticizing its dark tone.
Princess Ubol Ratana (born 5 April 1951) is a member of the Thai royal family.
Fred R. Krug is an American film and television producer- director born in Bern, Switzerland.
Kyebambe Girls Secondary School is a residential girls- only secondary school located in Fort Portal, Kabarole District in western Uganda.
However the address of the registered contacts for the firm's internet domain" definition .tv" is the same Hoxton Square address as that of the Open Access companies.
She was an Infanta of Aragon by birth and Countess of Ampurias by her marriage.
He was a son of Albert of Prussia and Anna Marie of Brunswick-Lüneburg.
Crime and Punishment( Spanish: Crimen y castigo) is a 1951 Mexican film directed by Fernando de Fuentes and starring Roberto Cañedo, Lilia Prado and Carlos López Moctezuma.
He was the sixth son of Konrad I of Masovia and his wife Agafia of Rus.
This film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 1994 in the midnight madness category.
Lewis Allen( 25 December 1905 – 3 May 2000) was an English director.
Prince Alfred Louis of Liechtenstein (Alfred Aloys Eduard; 11 June 1842 in Prague – 8 October 1907 in Frauenthal castle) was the son of Prince Franz de Paula of Liechtenstein (1802–1887) and Countess Julia Eudoxia Potocka-Piława (1818–1895), older brother of Prince Louis of Liechtenstein, and cousin and brother-in-law of Franz I of Liechtenstein.
Shivaay is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language action thriller film directed and produced by Ajay Devgn under his banner Ajay Devgn FFilms.
Kaland was a member of Sykkylven municipality council between 1975 and 1985, and of Møre og Romsdal county council between 1979 and 1985.
His most significant achievement in film is Oro, Plata, Mata, which he directed after winning a scriptwriting contest sponsored by the Experimental Cinema of the Philippines.
It is believed that Frederick was poisoned by the count of Louvain, and suffered death in 1121.
George Anselm Touchet, also spelt Tuchet,( died 1689 or earlier) was the Roman Catholic chaplain of Queen Catherine of Braganza, the wife of King Charles II.
Louis Gonzaga, Duke of Nevers( or Luigi di Gonzaga- Nevers; 18 September 1539 – 23 October 1595) was an Italian- French dignitary and diplomat in France.
"Scenes from a Marriage" (1973), and "Fanny and Alexander" (1982); the last two exist in extended television versions.
Louis marked his reign by issuing the first postage stamp in the county.
Inspired by Jean Cocteau to become a filmmaker, Rivette shot his first short film at age twenty.
It is a sequel to the 1978 film" Lisa".
Later in life, she built the Palais Bourbon in Paris, the present seat of the National Assembly of France, with the fortune she amassed having invested greatly in the "Système de Law".
His father was Jean Pierre Chouteau, one of the first settlers in St. Louis.
It was written and directed by Mila Aung-Thwin of EyeSteelFilm and produced by Germaine Ying Gee Wong for the National Film Board of Canada.
It is the first film in the franchise to receive a PG-13 rating, as the previous installments were rated PG, because the PG-13 rating did not exist at the time those films were released.
From 1954 to 1968 he was married to the painter Kari Robak (1927–2014).
Francisco Fernández de la Cueva, 2nd Duke of Alburquerque (in full)
Tusset was born in Barcelona.
Maria( Bulgarian: Мария) was a Bulgarian royal consort as the wife of the Knyaz Boris I of Bulgaria.
The drama films both revolve around the friends and ex-lovers of Jesse Metzger, a gay man in his mid-thirties who is forced to move back to his hometown from San Francisco due to financial reasons.
He is best known for the song" Do n't Give Up On Love" with rapper Jedidiah Breeze.
Jacques Jaccard (September 11, 1886 – July 24, 1960) was an American film director, writer and actor whose achievements in cinema were mostly in silent film.
Esther Schiff Goldfrank( 1896 – 23 April 1997) was an anthropologist of the famous German- American Schiff family.
After a reign that lasted fifty five years, he died without a living direct male heir; because of this, he was succeeded by his nephew, Ernst.
In 1977 he received the Evert Taube award.
The Resistance has also sent their own Terminator( Schwarzenegger) back in time to protect John and Kate.
Valley of Death may refer to:
The film stars Gloria Diaz, Eddie Garcia, Amy Austria, and Tommy Abuel.
He was one of the first patroons, but the only one to become successful.
She was also the elder sister of Babur, the founder of the Mughal Empire.
Henry Beauchamp St John, 13th
Baldwin V of Flanders joined Godfrey and Henry gave Thierry, Bishop of Verdun, the eponymous county.
He appeared in 88 films between 1910 and 1935.
Sheriff of Redwood Valley is a 1946 American Western film in the Red Ryder film series directed by R. G. Springsteen and written by Earle Snell.
As the wife of Knud, Hereditary Prince of Denmark, she became Hereditary Princess of Denmark.
Goodbye to All That is a 2014 American film, directed by Angus MacLachlan.
Eleanor Holm, a popular swimming star, co-starred as Eleanor Reed.
It was a very loose film adaptation of the 1831 novel" The Hunchback of Notre- Dame" by Victor Hugo.
They Only Kill Their Masters is a 1972 American mystery film directed by James Goldstone, written by Lane Slate, and starring James Garner and Katharine Ross, with a supporting cast featuring Hal Holbrook, June Allyson, Tom Ewell, Peter Lawford, Edmond O'Brien, and Arthur O'Connell.
He is the founder and it's been announced 200,000 members of his newly formed political party as of 2019.
Ulrike Louise of Solms- Braunfels( 1 May 1731 in Hungen, Landgraviate of Hesse- Darmstadt – 12 September 1792 in Bad Homburg) was a German regent, Landgravine of Hesse- Homburg by marriage to Frederick IV of Hesse- Homburg, and regent of Hesse- Homburg, on behalf of her minor son Frederick V Louis William Christian from 1751 to 1766.
Eva Bergh( 25 February 1926 – 19 February 2013) was a Norwegian actress.
Holiday Affair is a black-and-white 1949 light romantic comedy film starring Robert Mitchum and Janet Leigh.
Since 2014, following the succession of his father as Duke of Wellington, he is entitled to the courtesy title of Marquess of Douro but continues to use the title Earl of Mornington.
Sir Frederick Williams- Taylor( October 23, 1863 – August 3, 1945) was a Canadian banker.
After gallbladder surgery, Warhol died of cardiac arrhythmia in February 1987 at the age of 58.
He served under Winston Churchill (a close political associate of his father) as a Lord-in-waiting (government whip in the House of Lords) from 1951 to 1952 and as Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department from 1952 to 1954, and under Churchill and later Sir Anthony Eden as Under-Secretary of State for the Colonies from 1954 to 1957.
Beauchamp Moubray St John, 17th Baron St John of Bletso (4 December 1844 – 10 May 1912) was an English peer.
Count Friedrich IV of Zollern, also known as Burgrave Friedrich II of Nuremberg, was Burgrave of Nuremberg from 1204 to 1218 and Count of Zollern from 1218 until his death.
William Neville Ashbee( 1852 – 30 April 1919) was an English railway architect notable for stations on the Great Eastern Railway, including the London terminus at Liverpool Street Station.
It is considered by many as one of the greatest films of Filipino cinema.
He was the brother of cinematographer Haskell Wexler and the stepfather of actress Daryl Hannah.
In his unique boxing career, he fought eight former or future world champions.
Eel Girl is a 2008 horror science fiction short film written and directed by Paul Campion, in which what appears to be a sort of human-eel hybrid woman, being studied by scientists in a Naval research facility, takes revenge on one of the scientists who are studying her.
After serving as a non-combatant during the Mexican–American War, he was elected as a Democrat to the Kentucky House of Representatives in 1849, where he took a states' rights position against interference with slavery.
The film's sets were designed by the art director Otto Hunte.
Mann's father nicknamed her" Quinta" when she was a baby; he was a teacher of Latin and Greek, and she was the fifth of five children.
Philippe and Sir Thomas are ancestors to Queen consort Catherine Parr, the last wife of King Henry VIII.
Carnival Night is a 1956 Soviet musical film.
Most of his films are action films, especially" wuxia" and" kung fu" films filled with violence.
The most recent alteration of its wording came on Flag Day in 1954, when the words" under God" were added.
Frederick, the suzerain of Lorraine, considered it a felony to support a candidate he opposed and occupied the city of Rosheim, which he had given to Frederick II of Lorraine.
He is Kanyen'kehaka, from Six Nations of the Grand River Territory, Ontario.
Most people who have auras have the same type of aura every time.
Waleran of Luxembourg is one of the protagonists in" Le Tournoi de Chauvency" by trouvère Jacques Bretel.
Kalippava is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film, directed by A. B. Raj.
She was appointed on June 6, 2014.
His brother was the composer Lucio Demare who wrote several film scores for Lucas' productions.
" In Search of La Che" premiered at the Glasgow Film Theatre on 9 November 2011.
It was also MGM's first" Tarzan" film since 1942 and filmed in Nairobi, British East Africa.
Victor Arthur Eduard Janson( 25 September 1884 – 29 June 1960) was a Latvian- born German stage and film actor and film director.
One of his interpreters was George Grenfell Baines whose work so impressed
He is best known as a member of the comedy group Galenskaparna och After Shave, where he also is the group's main director, screenwriter and composer for their productions.
In 1773 Bibikov was assigned to suppress Yemelyan Pugachev's uprising.
In a "pioneering" television career that began in the 1940s, Strock was involved with many television series including "The Cases of Eddie DrakeHighway PatrolSky KingSea Hunt", and "Maverick".
He is remembered as the father of Harold Beauchamp, who rose to fame as chairman of the Bank of New Zealand and was the father of writer Katherine Mansfield.
He died in Buenos Aires, aged 91.
During his reign, he promoted the industrialization of his country.
The Kenmu restoration was in turn overthrown by Ashikaga Takauji in 1336, ushering in the Ashikaga shogunate, and split the imperial family into two opposing factions between the Ashikaga backed Northern Court situated in Kyoto and the Southern Court based in Yoshino led by Go-Daigo and his later successors.
Although it was completed, the game was never released for sale, as the marketing department of Parker Brothers considered the controls too difficult to master.
Thomas Colin Ballard( born 26 November 1989) is an Australian comedian, radio and television presenter.
Filming took place from August to November 2017, at Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Fayette County, Georgia, as well as Metro Atlanta, San Francisco, Savannah, Georgia and Hawaii.
His best known films were made for Hammer in the 1960s, and included" The Kiss of the Vampire"( 1962) and" Rasputin, the Mad Monk"( 1966).
Henry immediately nominated the young Gerard of Chatenoy to replace Adalbert at the Diet of Worms.
His films include" Paramount on Parade"( co-director, 1930)," Something to Sing About"( 1937) with James Cagney, and the first two" Road" pictures" Road to Singapore"( 1940) and" Road to Zanzibar"( 1941).
Barbara Joan "Barbra" Streisand (born April 24, 1942) is an American singer, actress, and filmmaker.
EL, El or el may refer to:
The film is the 8th installment of the" Shake, Rattle& Roll" series and contains three segments.
The origins of the legion remain unknown.
Scott McAboy is an award winning Director& Producer best known for the children's movies he's been involved in over the past ten years.
1195–1245) was 4th Lord of Annandale.
Her self-titled debut album was released in 1998 and followed by a series of successful albums with Elektra Records, including "A Nu Day" (2000) and "More" (2004).
He helped to engineer a Liberal Party split and became a Liberal Unionist, a party which included a bloc of MPs based in and around Birmingham.
She was the wife of Mohandas Gandhi from 1883 until Kasturba's death in 1944.
Lola Montès( 1955) is a historical romance film and the last completed film of German- born director Max Ophüls.
In 2012 the National Film Preservation Foundation awarded a grant to preserve a print that has Czech language intertitles which were translated back into English.
She has played Detective Rosa Diaz in the NBC comedy series" Brooklyn Nine- Nine" and Jessica in the independent drama" Short Term 12"( 2013).
It won several awards at 25th Filmfare Awards including Best Actor, Best Music Director and Best Editing.
As "la reyna de Navarra, filla del emperador" (the queen of Navarre, daughter of the Emperor)
The 1956 film is based on the true story of a woman in Berlin who was pulled from the Landwehr Canal in 1920 and who later claimed to be Anastasia, the youngest daughter of Czar Nicholas II of Russia.
He worked for several years as a printer, reporter and editor at newspapers in Nantucket.
Through her production company, Northwood Entertainment, she first produced the 2005 film" Cake".
The film was originally set for a February 8 release.
Little is known about his activities while he was patriarch.
He gained the courtesy title of Viscount Alford on his father being created an Earl in 1815.
Oliver St John, 3rd Baron St John of Bletso( c. 1540–1618) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1588 until 1596 when he inherited the peerage as Baron St John of Bletso.
James Tinling( May 8, 1889 in Seattle – May 14, 1967 in Los Angeles) was an American film director.
The Irish king lists such as
The Afternoon of a Torturer is a 2001 Romanian biography film directed by Lucian Pintilie.
Gaspar de Ávalos de la Cueva( 1485 – 1545), also named Gaspar Dávalos de la Cueva, was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal.
It was produced by William Fox.
At the end of the year," А Girl with Guitar" took the tenth place in the attendance rating, gathering over 31.9 million viewers, although it could not repeat the success of" Carnival Night".
Johannes Van Rensselaer( January 3, 1708 – February 21, 1783) was a member of the prominent colonial Van Rensselaer family.
Gwangju Catholic University is a Catholic university located in Naju, South Korea.
He died in 1927 and was succeeded by his son Monivong.
, I don't see how you couldn't be influenced by Bergman ...
It is unrelated to the 1929 film" The Time, the Place and the Girl".
Maria Thins( c. 1593 – 27 December 1680) was the mother- in- law of Johannes Vermeer and a member of the Gouda Thins family.
Main Street to Broadway is a 1953 light drama -comedy film by independent producer Lester Cowan, his final credit, in collaboration with The Council of the Living Theatre, which provided tie- up with a number of well- known Broadway names.
Rev. John Westley( 1636 – 78) was an English nonconformist minister.
Due to this success abroad, it ranks among the world's non-English language films with the highest attendance record.
Mohammed Rafi insisted to keep the song in the film.
He played for Hanley Swifts, South Shore, Manchester City, and Manchester United.
The Hodiș is a left tributary of the river Crișul Alb in Romania.
He graduated from the University of New Mexico with a bachelor's degree in 1974 and from the University of New Mexico School of Law with a J.D. in 1979.
William Neville( by 1532 – 1559 or later) was an English politician.
He has also been listed among New York City's 100 Most Eligible Bachelors by the society publication Gotham Magazine.
The year of his birth is unknown; he died in 397, reputedly on 23 July.
He was High Sheriff of Bedfordshire again in 1589 and was re-elected MP for Bedfordshire in 1593.
The Little Rock Port Authority Railroad is a Class III short- line railroad headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas.
He published 28 books and monographs, largely about whaling and the history of Nantucket.
In 1375 in Vienna, she married Duke Albert III of Austria.
The Georges Plains railway station is a heritage- listed former railway station and now private residence located on the Main Western railway at Georges Plains in the Bathurst Region local government area in New South Wales, Australia.
He has two daughters: Lola Doillon( born 1975), whose mother is film editor Noëlle Boisson, and Lou Doillon( born 1982), from his relationship with actress Jane Birkin in the 1980s.
Born in 1884 in New Brunswick, New Jersey, he worked for some years in England.
The novel on which the film was based was inspired by country singer Hank Thompson.
In the film, alien teenager Derek abandons his crew to search for a new life on Earth, while one of his crewmates is sent to kill him while they attempt to eradicate human life in order to farm Earth with giant lobster- like livestock they call Gargons.
He gained further prominence for playing in the film" Deadpool"( 2016), a role he reprised for its 2018 sequel.
After marrying Professor John Dalgleish Donaldson in 2001, she became the stepmother of his four children, including Crown Princess Mary of Denmark.
He represented Alexandria City in the Virginia House of Delegates, and served as that body's Speaker from 1881 until 1883.
Nicholas of Lynn or Lynne, also known in Latin as Nicolas de Linna, was an English astronomer of the 14th century.
He had previously directed and co-written the earlier films, but he ultimately had no involvement with" Terminator 3".
Hall made her first onscreen appearance at age 10 in the 1992 television adaptation of" The Camomile Lawn", directed by her father Peter Hall.
(sr.
Set in pre-revolutionary Russia at the Smolny Institute, the film tells the story of the young student Daniela, who wants to follow in her mother's footsteps and become an opera singer.
In October 2008 his next documentary" Let's Make Money" was released in Germany and Austria.
John Richard Webb( September 9, 1915 – June 10, 1993) was an American film, television and radio actor, originally from Bloomington, Illinois, the son of John Renner Webb and Laura Gail Gunnett.
" Metropolis"( 1927, as camera operator) and a propaganda movie" U- Boote westwärts!"( en:" U- boats westwards!")( 1941, as director) are considered to be among his best artistic achievements.
Her works were featured at the World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893.
His forces were scattered, but Imad ad- Din Zengi's two sons were able to regain control and to divide informally the empire:
Princess Antonia of Prussia, Duchess of Wellington,( born 28 April 1955) is a great- granddaughter of Wilhelm II, German Emperor and the wife of Charles Wellesley, 9th Duke of Wellington.
He is the first African American to portray a major comic book superhero in a major motion picture, having starred as Al Simmons, the protagonist in the 1997 film" Spawn".
He became Major-General in Riga and commander of the Narva-Regiment.
Elizabeth Woolridge Grant (born June 21, 1985), known professionally as Lana Del Rey, is an American singer and songwriter.
His forces pursued the French on their retreat from Russia, though Bibikov was forced eventually to resign due to ill health.
She was the heir of the Margraviate of Montferrat.
George II, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont (20 September 178915 May 1845) was Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont from 1813 to 1845.
In some countries( primarily in the Americas), the place of birth automatically determines the nationality of the baby, a practice often referred to by the Latin phrase" jus soli".
Henrique José Monteiro de Mendonça (4 February 1864 –
It recorded a loss of$ 296,665.
Among the hits he wrote were "Your Cheatin' HeartHey, Good Lookin'", and "I'm So Lonesome
Emperor Wu's long reign left the Han Dynasty greatly expanded; however constant warfare had depleted the empire's coffers.
Scorsese was initially reluctant to develop the project, though he eventually came to relate to LaMotta's story.
The Adventures of Fridolin is an East German film.
" Help Me" is a song written by Larry Gatlin.
The Abingtons are a community in South Cambridgeshire consisting of two villages: Little Abington and Great Abington, about south east of Cambridge.
Beatrice of Luxembourg( 1305 – 11 November 1319), was by birth member of the House of Luxembourg and by marriage Queen of Hungary.
Richard succeeded their father as Earl of Kent but wound up heavily in debt, probably through gambling, and was forced to alienate most of his property.
Anne is highly regarded in Brittany as a conscientious ruler who defended the duchy against France.
Mary Moore, along with the rest of the girls and the league staff, is included at the display/ exhibit.
It is about money in a global financial system and unequal distribution of wealth.
The films screenplay was adapted by Henri-Georges Clouzot.
He lived in Los Angeles for over 20 years where he painted in a figurative, expressionist mode and occasionally acted in films.
He was educated at Middle Temple and was made a Serjeant- at- Law in 1479.
In 1972 he was a co-founder of Herzog, Fox & Ne'eman, which would become one of Israel's largest law firms.
" 30 Days of Night" was originally pitched as a comic, then as a film, but it was rejected.
Noel Frank Johnson( 28 December 1916 – 1 October 1999) was an English actor.
He also was the voice of the old Foxboro racetrack from 1963 to 1985.
The film has been acquired for U.S. distribution by Oscilloscope Laboratories.
Fear of a Black
She added the song to the set list of her second tour Adele Live.
Bishop Otbert died in 1119.
Michael Costigan is a film producer and an executive producer.
Lin became more active in politics when named one of the co-serving Vice Chairmen of the Communist Party of China in 1958.
The song is a pop ballad that makes use of a" baroque piano" over a" contemplative melody".
Merlini had spotted Nazzari during a stage play, and lobbied for his casting in his film debut.
He is also well known for his role as Bruce Van Exel, court services officer on the CBS television series" Judging Amy" that aired from 1999 to 2005.
This included the crushing of opposition, the suppression of criticism, print censorship, the furthering of colonial economic exploitation for Portugal's own benefit, and, at a personal level, the consolidation of his own direct and widespread control for his own profit.
Susan B. Nelson( April 13, 1927 – May 4, 2003) was an American environmental activist who is best known as the mother of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area.
The Latin Immigrant is a 1980 Colombian comedy film directed by Gustavo Nieto Roa.
Small was born in New York City but grew up in Maplewood,
She also competed regularly in ISU's World Cup from 2005 til 2011.
In her time she was regarded by some as an exemplar of bohemian fashion.
He was the stepfather of Clare Boothe Luce.
Ulf Lundell (born 20 November 1949 in Södermalm, Stockholm, Sweden, full name "Ulf Gerhard
His funeral was held at the Palácio da Abolição in the Bairro Meireles neighborhood of Fortaleza.
Tree's two sisters are shown as bridesmaids with Lady Tree followed by the bride and Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree.
He also won the 1973 European Junior Championships, finished eighth at the 1974 European Indoor Championships and
fifth at the 1977 European Indoor Championships.
Prince Christian of Hesse( 14 August 1776 – 14 November 1814) was a German prince and member of the House of Hesse- Kassel.
Franz Wenzler( 26 April 1893 – 9 January 1942) was a German film director.
Her roles include Mrs. Harris and the Street Person in" All God's Chillun Got Wings," as well as Jack's friend in" The Great White Hope".
This was Air Supply's third song to reach the summit on this chart.
He became Prince of Orange in 1544 and is thereby the founder of the branch House of Orange-Nassau and the ancestor of the monarchy of the Netherlands.
This film was screened in cinemas in 2014.
Breed of the Border is a 1924 American silent western film directed by Harry Garson and starring Maurice 'Lefty' Flynn, Dorothy Dwan and Louise Carver.
Epicharmus of Kos or Epicharmus Comicus or Epicharmus Comicus Syracusanus, thought to have lived between c. 550 and c. 460 BC, was a Greek dramatist and philosopher who is often credited with being one of the first comic writers, having originated the Doric or Sicilian comedic form.
Thus the County of Mark and the County of Cleves were reunited again.
He also directed two silent films.
Henry VIII of Legnica( ca. 1355 – 12 December 1398) was a Duke of Legnica since 1364( nominally and together with his brothers) and Bishop of Włocławek since 1389 until his death.
He was the Second Earl of Kent from 1490 to 1505.
Miguel de Poblete Casasola or Miguel Millán de Poblete (1602 – December 8, 1667) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Nicaragua (1640) and Archbishop of Manila (1649–1667).
(March 31, 867 – September 22, 904), né Li Jie, name later changed to Li Min and again to Li Ye, was the penultimate emperor of the Tang Dynasty of China.
The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come is a lost 1920 silent film drama directed by Wallace Worsley and starring Jack Pickford.
Jane Egerton, Countess of Bridgewater( c.1656 – 23 May 1716), was the second wife of John Egerton, 3rd Earl of Bridgewater.
Peter Burroughs( born 27 January 1947) is a British television and film actor, the director of Willow Management.
Soon after Janusz's death, the Duchy of Masovia was annexed into the kingdom of Poland, despite resistance from some of the Masovian nobility.
His allies included Holy Roman Emperors, Charles IV and Wenceslaus, Richard II of England, and Conrad Zöllner von Rothenstein, the Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights.
Through her marriage to Frederick, Hereditary Prince of Anhalt- Dessau, Amalie was also a member of the House of Ascania and Hereditary Princess of Anhalt- Dessau.
It is the second film of the "Tremors" franchise.
It chronicles the life of British travel writer Bruce Chatwin and includes interviews with Chatwin's widow, Elizabeth Chatwin, and biographer Nicholas Shakespeare, as well as detailing Herzog's own friendship and collaboration with the man.
She was engaged to Shrimant Vishwasrao Peshwa.
Maria Anna of Bavaria (21 March 1551, Munich – 29 April 1608, Graz) was a politically active Archduchess of Austria by marriage to Archduke Charles II of Austria.
Date of Birth:16th March.
Eman Lam( Chinese name: 林伊汶) is a Hong Kong dancer, singer, comedian and painter.
The scandal about Lady Byron's suspicions accelerated Byron's intentions to leave England and return to the Mediterranean where he had lived in 1810.
It is an adaptation of the final volume of" In Search of Lost Time" by Marcel Proust.
Shyam Ramsay( 17 May 1952 – 18 September 2019) was a Bollywood film director.
Damascus had maintained an unsteady alliance with the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem, but in 1147, Mu'in ad- Din negotiated an alliance with the Zengid emir of Aleppo, Nur ad- Din, who married Ismat ad- Din as part of the agreement.
In Malayalam she rose to fame with her role as Mammootty's mother in Rajamanikyam.
He is a younger brother of Dmitri Vlasov.
A prequel miniseries,, was released on FEARnet.com and FEARnet On Demand in 2007.
The film stars Zachary Gordon and Devon Bostick.
His line" It's a trap!" from" Return of the Jedi" became one of the most famous and beloved lines from the original" Star Wars" trilogy, as well as a popular Internet meme.
B K Model High School is a co-educational school located in the Cantonment area in Belagavi, near the Head Post Office of Belagavi, India and is regulated and supervised by Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board.
Finding Joy, In Search of Happiness or Searching for Happiness may refer to:
He was married to the actress Vanda Gréville.
King Zhao of Wei  (died 277 BC), personal name
Louise is also notable for being the mother of Elisabeth Radziwill, the childhood love of future German Emperor Wilhelm I, whose strong desire to marry her was thwarted out of considerations for Elisabeth's inequality of rank.
Her more recent roles include having appeared in the 2011 TV movie" Panic at Rock Island" and the television shows" Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries" in 2013 and" Winter" in 2015.
Xiong Ai was succeeded by his son, Xiong Dan.
Pawan Tiwari is an Indian actor/ producer.
Hugh acted as lord of Le Puiset until 1106 as tutor to his young nephew Hugh III.
Only
Seven Women (Spanish:
" Henry Louis" Charles Albert, Prince of Nassau- Saarbrücken( 9 March 1768 in Saarbrücken – 27 April 1797 near Cadolzburg), was a titular prince of Nassau- Saarbrücken.
" As a result, Bruce's account of Bakaffa's reign consists of a collection of impressionistic vignettes of selected events—his travels through Ethiopia in disguise, his feigned death, his first meetings with people who were to play an important role during his rule—which support this portrait.
Near the end of his life he became Grand Master of the Order of Saint John (Bailiwick of Brandenburg).
He was a son of Prince Nikita Alexandrovich of Russia and a great nephew of Nicholas II of Russia, the last Tsar.
Historian David Nicholls notes that his personality was not attractive: he was arrogant and ruthless and much hated.
Probably unbeknownst to her father, Prince Charles Edward Stuart(" Bonnie Prince Charlie"), she became the mistress of Mériadec – related by blood to the house of Stuart as well as Bourbon and Lorraine – who was also unable to marry legitimately, having entered the Church as a younger son of a noble house.
Son of the Renegade is a 1953 American film directed by Reg Browne.
His early directing career includes the comedy films" Spanking the Monkey"( 1994)," Flirting with Disaster"( 1996)," Three Kings"( 1999), and" I ♥ Huckabees"( 2004).
He was the Prince of Portugal but died in the same year he was born, in 1526.
Back Long Ago  is a 1969 Argentine film directed by Ricardo Becher and written by Guillermo Enrique Hudson, with George Sherry Zabrieskie.
In May 2013, he replaced President Thein Sein as head of the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP).
Seward's strong stances and provocative words against slavery brought him hatred in the South.
After beginning a successful recording career in the 1960s, Streisand ventured into film by the end of that decade.
Born in Nantucket, Massachusetts, a descendant of a family of whalers, Stackpole graduated from Roxbury Latin School in West Roxbury, Massachusetts.
A Man and a Woman may refer to:
Veerinder Singh, often known as Veerendra, made his debut with the film "Teri Meri Ek Jindri," released in 1975, featuring Dharmendra.
Dark Descent is a 2002 film written and directed by Daniel Knauf.
He was of the branch which developed into the Uí Briúin Seóla, who were centred on Tuam in modern County Galway.
Frederick" Fred" Le Deux( born 4 December 1934) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League( VFL).
He was the son of Burgrave Frederick III of Nuremberg and his second wife, Helen of Saxony (d. 1309).
Princess Helena of Nassau (18 August 183127 October 1888) was a daughter of William, Duke of Nassau, and consort of George Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont.
Murphy also plays an alcoholic preacher and a foul- mouthed Italian gangster.
Lundell is also somewhat controversial and has argued with everyone from neo-nazis, feminists and communists to colleagues and music journalists.
In his first will, executed in 1188, her husband gave her the income from Alenquer, of the lands along the banks of the Vouga River, of Santa Maria da Feira and of Oporto.
Konrad Januszowic (ca. 1400 - 9 December 1412 or 1413), was a Polish prince member of the House of Piast.
He is a younger brother of politician Don Chipp.
In 1055, Godfrey besieged Antwerp, but Frederick was delivered by the Lorrainers, no longer loyal to Godfrey.
What is a Family?,
William Neville Harding( 4 January 1893 – 31 March 1978) was a Taxation accountant, company director and New South Wales local government politician who was Lord Mayor of Sydney and an Alderman of the Sydney City Council from 1935 to 1948.
He spent most of his career trying to seize Guelders from Mathilde's nephew William I of Guelders and Jülich.
The three shorts were edited into a feature, "
The title refers to the guessing game I spy.
Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American biographical crime film directed and produced by Steven Spielberg from a screenplay by Jeff Nathanson.
He supported Jackson during the Bank War and proposed a land payment law that inspired Jackson's Specie Circular executive order.
Isabella de Clare( 2 November 1226 – 10 July 1264) was the daughter of Gilbert de Clare, 4th Earl of Hertford and 5th Earl of Gloucester and Isabel Marshal.
One of his favourite things was to take photos of visiting bands.
He produced other films and television commercials, most recently" Home by Christmas" in 2010.
The Tournament of Chauvency  was described in verse by the French poet Jacques Bretel.
The Tailor from Torzhok is a 1925 Soviet silent comedy film directed by Yakov Protazanov and starring Igor Ilyinsky.
It occurred when he was in his dovecote, which was built at the edge of the building, collapsed, thus making eleven-year-old Babur, the ruler of Fergana.
Dodo of Cons( Dudo of Konz- Saarburg)( fl. 1096), lord of Cons- la- Grandville, a nobleman from the Lotharingian territories, son of Adelon( Adelo) de Cons.
Jones is best known for his portrayals of Laveinio in the dramatic film" The Wood"( 1999) and Mike of the dramatic films" Why Did I Get Married?"( 2007) and" Why Did I Get Married Too?"( 2010).
Three Violent People is a 1957 American Western film directed by Rudolph Maté and starring Charlton Heston, Anne Baxter, Gilbert Roland, Tom Tryon, Forrest Tucker, Bruce Bennett, and Elaine Stritch.
Warren's career catapulted in the late 1980s shortly after joining forces with the UK music company EMI when Warren became the first songwriter in the history of "Billboard" magazine to have seven hits, all by different artists, on the singles chart at the same time prompting the UK's former Chairman of EMI Music Publishing Peter Reichardt to credit her as "the most important songwriter in the world".
By her mother, Constance was a niece of King Henry IV.
The jointly- made gay- themed film is the debut for both directors.
He is the third- highest grossing film director, his films having made over$ 6.5 billion worldwide.
East Blue Hill is an unincorporated village in the town of Blue Hill, Hancock County, Maine, United States.
She teaches filmmaking at Tel Aviv University and Beit Berl College.
Prince Maximilian Nicholas Maria of Liechtenstein( born 16 May 1969) is the second son of Prince Hans- Adam II and Princess Marie.
It discharges into the Cibin in Orlat.
Two singles were released in support of the album:" One More Hour" and" Little Babies".
He was born in Figueira da Foz on February 2, 1939 and died of cancer in Lisbon on February 3, 2003.
Harry Johnson( 1903- date of death unknown) was an English wrestler.
He directed 44 films between 1932 and 1958.
He had worked as an assistant director of Satsuo Yamamoto from 1962 to 1978.
Alexander Fuks( 30 May 1917 – 29 November 1978) was a German- born, later Israeli historian, archaeologist and papyrologist.
Prince Carlo of Bourbon- Two Sicilies, Duke of Castro( born 24 February 1963) is a claimant to the headship of the House of Bourbon- Two Sicilies.
Until the mid-1980s, this work was chiefly done in Australia.
He was not related to director Preston Sturges.
It was shot at the Spandau Studios and on location in Frankfurt and Munich.
Her dowry was the castle of Salm.
McSorley was born and grew up in Albuquerque, New Mexico and attended St. Pius X High School.
King Zhao of Chu( died 489 BC) was from 515 to 489 BC the king of the State of Chu during the Spring and Autumn period of ancient China.
The film made its premiere television broadcast on the Sundance Channel.
Red Rings of Fear, also known as Virgin Terror, Rings of Fear and Trauma, is a 1978 Italian- German- Spanish giallo film directed by Alberto Negrin.
In the British Army during World War II, latterly as an officer, he received the nickname "Vivian" because the British could not pronounce "Chaim".
So Into YouStranger in My House" and "Imagination" as well as her collaborations "Into YouMissing You" and "Spend My Life with You".
When his father died in 1361, William became the second Duke of Jülich, his elder brother Gerhard having predeceased their father.
Released in 1959," The World of Apu" focuses on Apu's adult life, and also introduces the actors Soumitra Chatterjee and Sharmila Tagore, who would go on to appear in many subsequent Ray films.
Hutchinson originally met Geoff Murphy, who had already penned an early, handwritten screenplay for the film that would become" Goodbye Pork Pie" through his new production companies.
I Know a Secret or I Know the Secret may refer to:
Much of the film had already been made at the UFA studios in Berlin shortly before the arrival of the Red Army, but Weiss dramatically re-shot it.
He represented the electoral district of Esquimalt.
He is also the composer of several operas.
The film came with a soundtrack album entitled" Life Is What You Make It: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack".
She then appeared in a wide array of films, including Ron Howard's historical drama" Frost/ Nixon"( 2008), Ben Affleck's crime drama" The Town"( 2010), the horror thriller" The Awakening"( 2011), the superhero movie" Iron Man 3"( 2013), the science fiction film" Transcendence"( 2014), the psychological thriller" The Gift"( 2015) and the biographical drama" Professor Marston and the Wonder Women"( 2017).
He founded the "Compagnia drammatica siciliana" in 1903.
Henry Paget, 2nd Baron Paget( c. 1539 – 28 December 1568) was an English MP and peer.
Princess and Landgravine Marie of Hesse- Kassel( 21 January 1796 – 30 December 1880) was the consort of George, Grand Duke of Mecklenburg- Strelitz.
It was released in China on September 15, 2016.
In 2000, Strock published a memoir, "Picture Perfect".
He was born after eight years of childless marriage.
The Witch's Curse is a 1962 peplum- fantasy film, directed by Riccardo Freda.
He is one of the forerunners of the Cinema of Quebec.
He still retained land in Lower Lorraine and the "Chronicle of Saint-Pierre-le-Vif" calls him "comes Alemanorumcount of the Germans", suggesting that he had been granted a county in Lower Lorraine.
His third studio album," Educated Horses"( 2006), was a departure from his earlier recordings.
He was the founder of the" Tohoku Mathematical Journal".
In 1990, he founded The Film Foundation, a nonprofit organization dedicated to film preservation, and in 2007 he founded the World Cinema Foundation.
She introduced Eliška Krásnohorská to literature and feminism.
Margaret of Masovia( before 1358 – 14 May 1388/4 April 1396) was Duchess of Pomerania and Brzeg, by her marriages to Casimir IV, Duke of Pomerania and then to Henryk VIII with a Scar.
James Graham, 8th Duke of Montrose( born 6 April 1935), known as Earl of Kincardine until 1954 and Marquess of Graham between 1954 and 1992, is a Southern Rhodesia- born hereditary peer of the Peerage of Scotland and a British Conservative Party politician.
He is a younger brother of former Austria international player Thomas Weissenberger.
Escape to Love is a film.
He was a member of the Romanov family, a son of Prince Nikita Alexandrovich of Russia and a great nephew of Nicholas II of Russia, the last Tsar.
He was also accused and convicted of an attack on the Belgrade rail station on 25 September 1968, which left 13 people injured.
His elder brother, Robert III de Brus, predeceased their father, never holding the lordship of Annandale.
Mason began his theatrical career at the age of 16 and appeared in several productions at the Birmingham Repertory Theatre including Barry Jackson's "The Christmas Party".
Lieutenant-Colonel Augustus Berkeley, 4th Earl of Berkeley, KT (18 February 1715 – 9 January 1755) was the son of Vice-Admiral James Berkeley, 3rd Earl of Berkeley, and the former Lady Louisa Lennox.
He died in Rome in 1959.
He was a member of the Territorial house of representatives in 1882, 1884, and 1888, and served as speaker in 1888; he was mayor of Butte in 1892 and many times chairman of local and State conventions.
"Love Falls Over Me" is a song by Canadian recording artist Tamia.
"The Now Now" (2018).
He is the member of the Nepal Communist Party.
He was born in Copenhagen, Denmark and died in Denmark.
Frederick III of Nuremberg (1220 – 14 August 1297 in Cadolzburg), Burgrave of Nuremberg from the House of Hohenzollern, was the eldest son of Conrad I of Nuremberg and Adelheid of Frontenhausen.
Jamie Love( born 1990) is a New Zealand representative softball player
After the death of her second husband in 1559 she remained living at Dillenburg castle, now belonging to her second son John, where she died in 1580.
Salvate mia figlia(" Save My Daughter") is a 1951 Italian melodrama film.
During Quebec's Charbonneau Commission inquiry into corruption in the awarding of construction contracts in the early 2010s, the film received renewed attention with some media outlets calling it" prophetic".
More than 2/ 3 of his operas were produced between 1800- 1810 at the height of his popularity.
Chamberlain's reputation remains controversial among historians, the initial high regard for him being entirely eroded by books such as "Guilty Men", published in July 1940, which blamed Chamberlain and his associates for the Munich accord and for allegedly failing to prepare the country for war.
This leftist political drama film came out during the Emergency period.
Lambert Harwood Hillyer( July 8, 1893 – July 5, 1969) was an American film director and screenwriter.
Duncan Roy( born 8 July 1960) is an English film director and producer, script writer, art director and television personality.
Walter Cryan( born 1932) is a former announcer and veteran News reporter and anchor for channels 12 and 6 in Providence, Rhode Island, with a career of more than 50 years.
Patto d'amicizia is a 1951 Italian film.
For his honour, there exists" Giorgio Prodi" Centre of Cancer Research in the University of Bologna.
It later became France's leading film school, the Institute of Advanced Film Studies.
Simon Henry, Count of Lippe (13 March 1649 in Sternberg – 2 May 1697 in Detmold), was a ruling Count of Lippe-Detmold.
He directed 76 films between 1911 and 1935.
Philip Basset( c. 1185 – 19 October 1271) was the Justiciar of England.
The Fair Cheat is a 1923 American silent comedy film directed by Burton L. King and starring Edmund Breese, Wilfred Lytell and Dorothy Mackaill.
She was the last representative of the line of Masovian- Piast.
Henry Beauchamp Oliver St John, 18th Baron St John of Bletso DL (24 June 1876 – 17 October 1920) was an English peer.
Bea Ballard (born 29 May 1959) is a British television executive producer.
Budd Boetticher called him a "ten day picture guy".
The film is also known as Girls of the Underworld( American reissue title).
2 Say, released in 1990 on Reprise Records, is a Gospel music album by the American contemporary Gospel music group Take 6."' So Much 2 Say" won" Best Contemporary Soul Gospel Album" at the 33rd annual Grammy Awards in 1990.
She later edited the books "Familien i klassesamfunnet" (1976), "Kvinner i fellesskap" (1982) and "Patriarchy in a Welfare Society" (1984).
The following year, he made his West End debut in a production of" Ring Round the Moon".
He was the son of Reginald II of Guelders and of Eleanor of Woodstock, daughter of Edward II of England.
He executive produced and directed the CBS documentary film" 9/11".
Mother of George is a 2013 Nigerian drama film directed by Andrew Dosunmu and tells the story of a newly married Nigerian couple in Brooklyn who own and manage a small restaurant while struggling with fertility issues.
It opened its doors in September 1990 with a population of 140 students and 14 teachers.
He wrote the screen play and dialogue for the recent Marathi feature film" Dhol Taashe".
Louis was the last of the first dynasty of Counts of Chiny.
It was released on 31 December 2017 by Flightless Records.
She was the daughter of actor Ossi Elstelä and actress Irja Elstelä.
The magazine was a mix of student related current affairs and mostly humour based articles.
The story follows Cvetic, who infiltrated a local Communist Party cell for nine years and reported back to the Federal Bureau of Investigation( FBI) on their activities.
He initiated land reform and support for veterans.
Both street- facing facades feature alternating projecting and recessed bays, and are laid in seven- course Flemish bond brick.
He subsequently obtained an MBA degree from Columbia Business School in 2005.
Richard McKenzie( born June 2, 1930) is an American character actor who is known for his guest role as Fred Bunker, younger brother of Archie Bunker on the hit CBS- TV sitcom series" All in the Family" in seasons 7 and 8, and season 4 of" Archie Bunker's Place".
In 1954 he directed "Días de odio", based on Jorge Luis Borges's short story "Emma Zunz".
The bill was first introduced in response to a constitutional challenge to the Pledge by atheist Michael Newdow.
From 1913 to 1915 he started directing movies.
Pre-production began in October 2013 after being put on hold so that Wright could complete" The World's End".
Bruce family tradition has it that Robert II was captured by his father at the battle and given over to King Stephen of England.
Louise Christine of Stolberg- Stolberg- Ortenberg( 21 January 1675- 16 May 1738), was a German noblewoman member of the House of Stolberg and by her two marriages Countess of Mansfeld- Eisleben and Duchess of Saxe- Weissenfels.
In the film, the Galactic Empire, under the direction of the ruthless Emperor, is constructing a second Death Star in order to crush the Rebel Alliance once and for all.
Born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, he is now a resident of Chandler, Arizona.
Her sister was Maria of Nassau.
In a career spanning six decades, she has achieved success in multiple fields of entertainment and has been recognized with two Academy Awards, ten Grammy Awards including the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and the Grammy Legend Award, five Emmy Awards including one Daytime Emmy, a Special Tony Award, an American Film Institute award, a Kennedy Center Honors prize, four Peabody Awards, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and nine Golden Globes.
They had at least three children:
Two separate candidates were elected to replace him and Godfrey sided with the loser.
During his administration, he was much concerned about the condition of the Indigenous, particularly their education and labor conditions.
You Say I'm Too Much, I Say You're Not Enough is the debut studio album by Welsh punk rock band Estrons.
He lived at Calstone House until it was destroyed by fire during the war and thereafter at another property, Hartham House, Corsham.
He was a younger brother of Boris III of Bulgaria and a prince regent of the Kingdom of Bulgaria from 1943 to 1944.
He likely participated in the Albigensian Crusade, where he died in Cahors.
Maria Belgica of Portugal, also known as Maria Belgica of Crato( born before 12 October 1598 – 28 July 1647), was the daughter of Manuel of Portugal, son of the self- proclaimed Portuguese king António of Crato, and Countess Emilia of Nassau( 1569 – 1629), the youngest daughter of William of Orange.
"Gå upp och pröva dina vingar".
Romero himself has stated that he considers this film to be his worst, and has referred to this film as" a total mess".
Maria of Aragon was the Queen consort of Castile and Leon as the wife of John II of Castile.
He later transitioned into producing several games within the video game industry.
An adherent of the concept of the divine right of kings
The film also turned out to be Joshiy's first commercial success since Run Baby Run released 7 years ago.
The film tells the story of a poor" attar"( a kind of perfume) seller Abu( Kumar) whose only remaining wish in life is the Hajj pilgrimage, which he strives hard to fulfill.
Richton died at his home in Chicago Heights, Illinois.
In October, de Pencier won the Directors Guild of Canada award for Best Direction in a Feature Film for" The Grizzlies".
The film ran 116 minutes.
The Cousin from Nowhere is a 1953 West German operetta film directed by Karl Anton and starring Vera Molnar, Gerhard Riedmann and Grethe Weiser.
Gerberga of Lower Lorraine, Countess of Louvain, was the daughter of Charles, Duke of Lower Lorraine, himself the son of Louis IV of France and Gerberga of Saxony.
The top two teams in each group advanced to the quarter- finals.
In three years of college baseball for Louisiana State University( LSU), Bregman was voted the 2013 National Freshman of the Year by" Baseball America", won the 2013 Brooks Wallace Award as the country's best college shortstop, and was a two- time All- American.
After a brief alliance (285–284 BC) between the states of Yan, Qin, Han and Zhao against Qi (which was negotiated at the Zhou Dynasty capital, Luoyang), King Zhao broke the alliance and allied with Qi against Qin.
He served as the Sardar Senapati (Commander-in-Chief) of the Maratha army at the third battle of Panipat.
Lorna Maitland( born November 19, 1943) is an American film actress.
After her husband's death, Kossamak became the symbol and representative of the monarchy while Sihanouk assumed a role equal to that of a monarch.
His maternal grandparents were John I of Bohemia and Elisabeth of Bohemia
James Thomas Stewart- Murray, 9th Duke of Atholl, 14th Baron Strange, 8th Baron Percy( 18 August 1879 – 8 May 1957), styled Lord James Stewart- Murray until 1942, was a Scottish peer and soldier.
Corinne Marchand( born 4 December 1931 in Paris) is a French actress.
Onyx's debut album" Bacdafucup", produced by Chyskillz, helped the group to become a nominee for" Favorite Rap/ Hip- Hop New Artist" on American Music Awards and won" Best Rap Album" on Soul Train Music Awards.
Mikhail Ilych Romm( – 1 November 1971) was a Soviet film director.
She was the fifth daughter of King Sancho I of Portugal and Dulce of Aragon.
Vadim Nikolayevich Vlasov( born 19 December 1980) is a former Russian football player.
Despite his short life, Williams is one of the most celebrated and influential popular musicians of the 20th century, especially in regard to country music.
Thomas I of Jerusalem, also known in Persian as Tamriq, was the Patriarch of Jerusalem of the Church of Jerusalem from 807 to 821.
He split both major British parties in the course of his career.
She was the mother of Prince Morinaga.
Vincenzo and Maria Vittoria had three children: Vincenzo Gonzaga inherited in 1707 Bozzolo and Pomponesco, and in 1710 Sabbioneta.
American film critic Roger Ebert said that Herzog" has never created a single film that is compromised, shameful, made for pragmatic reasons, or uninteresting.
Silston Cory- Wright( 22 September 1888 – 3 March 1976) was an English- born New Zealand engineer, university lecturer, soldier, and company director.
The Idiot( French: L'idiot) is a 1946 French drama film directed by Georges Lampin and starring Edwige Feuillère, Lucien Coëdel and Jean Debucourt.
Ana de Mendonça's grandfather was Afonso Furtado de Mendonça" anadél- mor de Besteiros"( leader of the archers) a post that was then inherited by Ana de Mendonça's uncle, Duarte Furtado de Mendonça.
The film was the first leading performance of Larson's career.
Princess Charlotte" Elizabeth" Alexandra Mary Louise of Hesse- Kassel( 13 June 1861 – 7 June 1955), was a Princess of Hesse- Kassel by birth and, by her marriage to Leopold, Hereditary Prince of Anhalt, the Hereditary Princess of Anhalt.
When Duke Ferrante III of Guastalla died in 1678 without a male heir, Guastalla was ruled by Ferdinando Carlo, Duke of Mantua, who had married Anna Isabella Gonzaga, Duke Ferrante III's oldest daughter.< br>
In 1922 he starred in Carlos F. Borcosque's debut picture Hombres de esta tierra.
Manchester University in Indiana hosted the effort from 1996 to 2007, at which time Bentley University near Boston became the host.
Spielberg transitioned into addressing serious issues in his later work with" The Color Purple"( 1985)," Empire of the Sun"( 1987)," Schindler's List"( 1993)," Amistad"( 1997), and" Saving Private Ryan"( 1998).
She was the child of Jacob Kettler and Margravine Louise Charlotte of Brandenburg, eldest daughter of George William, Elector of Brandenburg.
All the Days Before Tomorrow is a 2007 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by François Dompierre and starring Alexandra Holden and Joey Kern.
Paul Joseph Schrader  (born July 22, 1946) is an American screenwriter, film director, and film critic.
After a childless first marriage, he married Maria Vittoria Gonzaga( 1659 – 1707), the youngest daughter of his cousin, Duke Ferrante III Gonzaga of Guastalla.
Described by Zeman as a" pseudo- historical" film, it is an anti-war black comedy set during the Thirty Years' War.
He was the brother of Henry Paget, 2nd Marquess of Anglesey and the half-brother of Lord Clarence Paget, Lord Alfred Paget and Lord George Paget.
She also appeared in the tango film" Arriba el telón o el patio de la morocha" in 1951 as herself.
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on April 14, 2015.
" I Wished on the Moon" is a song composed by Ralph Rainger, with lyrics by Dorothy Parker.
Umar Shaikh Mirza died in a freak accident in Aksi fort, North Fergana, on 10 June 1494.
The Pledge of Allegiance of the United States is an expression of allegiance to the flag of the United States and the republic of the United States of America.
The music is by Włodek Pawlik.
Yusuf Ramazan Bay( born 6 February 1995) is a Turkish male badminton player.
Dungar Junction railway station is 22 km away from Mahuva Junction railway station.
Chylow Parker( July 19, 1969 – February 13, 2018), known by the stage name Chyskillz, was an American record producer, beatmaker, DJ, hardcore rapper, and a member of multi-platinum hardcore rap group Onyx.
The recording was generally well received by music critics, with the majority of them comparing it to the singer's previous work on" Like a Prayer"( 1989)," Ray of Light"( 1998) and" Confessions on a Dance Floor"( 2005).
Princess Olga Valerianovna Paley( 2 December 1865 – 2 November 1929) was the morganatic second wife of Grand Duke Paul Alexandrovich of Russia.
Tasha Smith( born February 28, 1971) is an American actress, director and producer.
Peyton Tucker Reed (born July 3, 1964) is an American television and film director.
The Virtuous Thief is a lost 1919 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo.
She was the daughter of Archduke Charles II of Austria, the son of Emperor Ferdinand I; and of Maria Anna of Bavaria.
Saskavsky was born in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina.
Patrice Leconte( born 12 November 1947) is a French film director, actor, comic strip writer, and screenwriter.
He directed 102 films during his Hollywood career, mostly at Warners, where he directed ten actors to Oscar nominations.
Francis Charles Granville Egerton, 3rd Earl of Ellesmere VD, DL, JP (5 April 1847 – 13 July 1914), styled Viscount Brackley between 1857 and 1862, was a British peer, soldier and author from the Egerton family.
Priyadarshan (born Priyadarshan Soman Nair; 30 January 1957) is an Indian film director, producer, and screenwriter.
In the same year, St. Mary's Residential Central School was founded by the brother of the late Chev.T.Thomas, the founder of St. Mary's group of Schools and colleges in Chennai.
The second son Dietrich received the title of Count of Mark.
His son, Juan Miguel Osorio y Bertrán de Lis( b. 1958), is the current Duke of Alburquerque and Duke of Algete.
Friedrich Wilhelm, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (4 January 1785 – 17 February 1831) inherited the title of Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck in 1816.
As a cyclist she represented Andorra at the 2009 UCI Road World Championships in the women's road race and also at the 2010 UCI Road World Championships in the women's road race.
Lenin in Paris is a Soviet biopic directed by Sergei Yutkevich in 1981 on Mosfilm.
My Village at Sunset is a 1992 Cambodian romantic drama film directed by Norodom Sihanouk.
He was fined for refusing a knighthood at the coronation of Charles I.
Nai Maa is a Bollywood film.
It grossed$ 475 million worldwide, becoming the highest- grossing film of 1983.
Towards 2000s, he moved to Bollywood (Hindi-language cinema) and remained active throughout the decade.
He most recently appeared as Valjean on the 25th Anniversary Tour of" Les Misérables", and as The Phantom in The Phantom Of The Opera UK Tour, as part of the 25th anniversary celebrations.
Princess Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg( Viktoria- Irene Adelheid Auguste Alberta Feodora Karoline Mathilde of Schleswig -Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg; 11 May 1894 – 28 January 1972) was a member of the House of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg and Princess of Schleswig- Holstein- Sonderburg- Glücksburg by birth and a member of the House of Solms Baruth and Countess of Solms Baruth through her marriage to Count Hans of Solms- Baruth.
Confessions from a Holiday Camp is a 1977 British comedy film.
Even its plot is similar to Akira Kurosawa's all- time classic" Rashomon".
He last appears in charters in 972.
Williams eventually married Audrey Sheppard, who was his manager for nearly a decade.
W. K. Ingram, or William Kent" Bill" Ingram, was an Arkansas senator from 1963 to 1981.
Reigning since 9 June 1946, he was, at the time of his death, the world's longest-reigning head of state, the longest-reigning monarch in Thai history and the longest-reigning monarch having reigned only as an adult, reigning for 70 years and 126 days.
He subsequently was a manager for Exponent Private Equity from 2005 to 2006.
The highest price ever paid for a Warhol painting is US$105 million for a 1963 canvas titled "Silver Car Crash (Double Disaster)"; his works include some of the most expensive paintings ever sold.
All About My Father is a 2002 Norwegian biographical documentary film written and directed by Even Benestad.
The song was later included as the last track on Bingham's 2010 album "Junky Star".
The film won awards from several gay and lesbian film festivals, and was nominated for best limited release film at the GLAAD Media Awards in 2002.
He is the ninth son of Sheikh Jassim bin Muhammed bin Jassim Al Thani, the Minister of Electricity and Water from 1970 to 1989.
"Locke & Key" won British Fantasy Awards in 2009 and 2012, and an Eisner Award in 2012.
He served during the rule of Commodus about 180 AD.
It is up to students to define for themselves what socially and environmentally responsible means.
Streisand is the only recording artist to have a number-one album in each of the last six decades, having released 53 gold albums, 31 platinum albums, and 14 multi-platinum albums in the United States.
In the eyes of traditionalists, this undermined the dignity and authority of his person, status, and office.
It was released in 1959.
Anthony II, Count of Ligny( d. 8 February 1557) was a son of Count Charles I and his wife Charlotte of Estouteville.
In September 833, he was appointed as vizier with wide- ranging powers, but his attempts to limit expenditure, and especially the Caliph's largesse to his courtiers, brought about his dismissal in February 836.
After the profitable release of his previous erotic thriller" Inner Sanctum", Ray saw potential for the genre in the direct- to- video market and helmed the production of a number of these films during the early- to- mid 1990s.
When critics began to regard the films of his day to be immoral, Searley became one of the founding members of the MPDA (Motion Picture Directors Association) which sought to give filmmakers who advocated good taste the power of self-censorship.
As a member of the Armagnac faction, Charles was a supporter of the Dauphin Charles, future Charles VII of France.
She has had many years of experience working on agricultural markets – particularly in Sub- Saharan Africa – and has held senior positions in the World Bank, the International Food Policy Research Institute( Washington), and United Nations( Geneva).
It is a remake of" Seven Sinners"( 1940).
He is often referred to as the" Father of Irish Botany".
Dalnavert is a historic house museum located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
A tireless builder, he oversaw the completion of Wroclaw Cathedral, built the Church of St. Stanislaus, and Dorothy, the chapel of St. Mary's Church and Joseph's Hospital in Nysa.
Clothes Make the Man( German: Kleider machen Leute) is a 1921 Austrian- German silent film based on a novel by Gottfried Keller, directed by Hans Steinhoff and starring Hermann Thimig, Dora Kaiser and Hugo Thimig.
Riggs( February 3, 1957 – April 5, 1994) was an American filmmaker, educator( professor), poet, and gay rights activist.
The novel was adapted for film by Sydney Boehm and directed by Henry Hathaway.
Her husband united the Duchy of Masovia and then divided it between their sons, who were:
Cleopatra was called "Cleopatra of Jerusalem", to distinguish her from the Ptolemaic Greek Queen Cleopatra VII of Egypt.
In 299 BC, King Xiang met with King Min of Qi and King Wuling of Zhao at Han's capital Xinzheng
Otto IV, in an alliance against France.
He acceded to his father's titles in 1701 and died in 1735.
Shyam Ramsay came back to feature films from the year 2000 when he started the production of which was released on 21 February 2003.
He was succeeded as Duke of Lower Lorraine by his son Otto.
Talakadu Srinivasaiah Nagabharana (born 1953) is an Indian film director, in the Kannada film industry and a pioneer of the parallel cinema.
Some modern historians question the reliability of the ancient sources on Nero's tyrannical acts.
Franz I, Prince of Liechtenstein, born" Franz de Paula Maria Karl August"( 28 August 1853 – 25 July 1938), was the Prince of Liechtenstein between 1929 and 1938.
HWY: An American Pastoral is a film by Jim Morrison, Frank Lisciandro, Paul Ferrara, and Babe Hill and stars Morrison as a hitchhiker.
She moved to his estate in" Groß Krauschen", which is now in Poland and called Gmina Bolesławiec.
The death of Antiochus X is shrouded in mystery.
The film won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film and several international awards, including the Sutherland Award for Best Original And Imaginative Film and National Board of Review Award for Best Foreign Language Film.
Murphy's War is an Eastmancolor 1971 Panavision war film starring Peter O'Toole and Siân Phillips.
Eleanor was a member of the House of Trastámara.
He owned about and gave his interests as county pursuits and county business.
He was the second son of Duke Bolko III of Strzelce by his wife Anna, probably daughter of Duke Jan I of Oświęcim.
She married Raymond VI, Count of Toulouse.
Tukufu Zuberi( born April 26, 1959) is an American sociologist, filmmaker, social critic, educator, and writer.
John Bernard, Count of Lippe (18 October 1613 - 10 June 1652) was a ruling Count of Lippe-Detmold from 1650 until his death.
On 13 April 1761 she married her first cousin Christian Albert, Prince of Hohenlohe- Langenburg( her mother was an elder sister of his mother).
Aside from this series, his works include" The Crazies"( 1973)," Martin"( 1978)," Creepshow"( 1982)," Monkey Shines"( 1988)," The Dark Half"( 1993) and" Bruiser"( 2000).
The archduke had an interest in Romani language and occasionally wrote on this topic to Albert Thomas Sinclair, an American lawyer who shared this interest.
In 1947 he founded with Gyula Trebitsch the Hamburg- based studio Real Film.
When several of his band members were conscripted into military service during World War II, Williams had trouble with their replacements, and WSFA terminated his contract because of his alcohol abuse.
At the end of the song, the singer's lover jumps in to defend the singer, who is confronting his lover's brother( the singer's" sworn enemy") and is killed by the bullet intended for the singer.
She served as Regent or "Queen-Lieutenant" of Aragon during the absence of her spouse in 1310.
Louis began his personal rule of France in 1661, after the death of his chief minister, the Italian Cardinal Mazarin.
If the baby is born in a hospital in another place, that place is the place of birth.
The film was produced by the South Australian Film Corporation.
He is well known for having been a long- term member of Santana, and a member of Chicago as the percussionist from 2012— 2018 and the drummer since 2018.
Oliver St John of Bletsoe, 1st Baron St John of Bletso( c. 1522 – 21 April 1582) was an English peer.
Some actresses to break through are Fanny Bastien, Sandrine Bonnaire, Judith Godrèche, Marianne Denicourt, Charlotte Gainsbourg and Juliette Binoche.
This is the third of three films in which the boys each play a dual role: the first is" Brats" and the second is" Twice Two".
Born at Arbuthnott House, he was the oldest son of John Arbuthnott, 8th Viscount of Arbuthnott and his wife Margaret, daughter of Walter Ogilvy, de jure 8th Earl of Airlie.
The picture was commissioned as publicity for the State Lottery Loan.
Today, he may be best remembered as the star of the 1950s television series," Captain MidnightJet Jackson, Flying Commando" in syndication), based on a long- running radio program of the same name and" Border Patrol".
Francis tried to maintain his independence from the Catalan vicar general of Athens and resisted the attempts of Peter IV of Aragon to establish his authority in Greece.
A letter of excommunication was issued naming the Robert de Brus, Earl of Carrick and three other knights, Sir Alexander Lindsay, Sir Christopher Seton, his brother and John as John Comyn's murderers.
After the mixed reaction to "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom", Spielberg chose to tone down the gore in the next installment.
A Certain Mister, is a French crime film from 1950, directed by Yves Ciampi, written by Yannick Boysivon, and starring Louis de Funès.
The film is in Eastmancolor.
Her use of non-professional actors was also unconventional for 1950s French cinema.
During World War II, he served in the Army's Ordnance Motion Picture Division.
His mother was the daughter of a vassal of Hugh Capet.
After arriving in India, Indiana Jones is asked by desperate villagers to find a mystical stone and rescue their children from a Thuggee cult practicing child slavery, black magic and ritualistic human sacrifice in honor of the goddess Kali.
He married Lady Jean Maule, daughter of Patrick Maule, 1st Earl of Panmure, on 19 October 1637 and had seven children:
Spielberg is one of the American film industry's most critically successful filmmakers, with praise for his directing talent and versatility, and he has won the Academy Award for Best Director twice.
Young Frederick died a short while later.
He began military training at an early age, and was commissioned as an officer in the Greek army.
Many of the original places of worship still exist at St. Hubert.
It is also known as the Parkes Railway Station group.
Sir John Grey and Constance Holland had three children:
The movie received an overall below- average response from critics.
He has now fully recovered and the band announced European dates that took place during the second half of 2008.
Anna of Greater Poland( b. 1253 – d. aft. 26 June 1295), was a Greater Poland princess member of the House of Piast and abbess at Owińska.
The Children of the Feud is a lost 1916 silent film drama directed by Joseph Henabery.
(Sardar Pethe family) and the nephew of Bajirao Peshwa.
Rivette's articles, admired by his peers, were considered the magazine's best and most aggressive writings, particularly his 1961 article "On Abjection" and his influential series of interviews with film directors co-written with Truffaut.
The film was released in Japan on 10 October 2009.
Henriette Maria of Brandenburg- Schwedt( 2 March 1702 probably in Berlin – 7 May 1782 in Köpenick), was a granddaughter of the" Great Elector" Frederick William of Brandenburg.
( As of jan 2012, Grage set a total of 61 national records, which is also a record in itself: The Danish record in number of Danish records held by a person).
Dead Man's Evidence is a 1962 British crime thriller film directed by Francis Searle.
It ran 100 days in many theaters and ran 175 days in several theaters in Tamil Nadu.
The Gepiș is a right tributary of the river Crișul Repede in Romania.
He is buried at the church of St. Sulpice in Paris, France.
Otto I of Guelders( 1150 – 1207) was a Count of Guelders and Zutphen from 1182 until his death in 1207.
Frankfort Senior High School is a middle school and high school located in Frankfort, Indiana.
The film's art direction was by Otto Moldenhauer.
He was the eldest son of Bernhard II, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg, by his wife Helene, daughter of Wizlaw II, Prince of Rügen.
She was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Møre og Romsdal in 1985, and was re-elected on three occasions.
She was the eldest child of King Charles III of Navarre by his wife Eleanor, daughter of King Henry II of Castile.
China Bound is a 1929 silent film comedy produced and distributed by Metro- Goldwyn- Mayer.
As heir apparent, her brother rose to the throne in 1517 as Henry II of Navarre, grandfather of King Henry III of Navarre( Henry IV of France).
Roberto Gavaldón( June 7, 1909 in Jiménez, Chihuahua – September 4, 1986 in Mexico City) was a Mexican film director.
He is best remembered for several large- scale historical productions, including the silent films" Le Miracle des loups The Miracle of the Wolves") and" Le Joueur d'échecs The Chess Player") and in the 1930s" Les Croix de boisWooden Crosses") and a highly regarded adaptation of" Les Misérables".
In 1998, his film" Trop( peu) d'amour" was entered into the 48th Berlin International Film Festival.
=rkd>Jacob Hoefnagel at the Netherlands Institute for Art History
Under al- Mu'tasim, he served as" sahib al- shurta" at Samarra, and became commander of the Caliph's personal guard.
The Girl in Number 29 is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by John Ford based on the novel" The Girl in the Mirror"( 1919) by Elizabeth Jordan.
On 31 May 1645, they divided their inheritance, with Henry Ernest receiving the County of Wernigerode and Hohnsteiner Forest.
The Portrait of a Lady may also refer to:
He has written two bestselling science books on science books:( 2014) and( 2015).
Occasionally he uses the alias John Rebel ("BearWolf Town").
Joseph M. Stell, Jr.( born June 15, 1928) was an American politician who was a Democratic member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from 1984 to 2007.
His father and Leszek the White, Duke of Poland, concluded an agreement about the marriage of Coloman and Leszek's daughter, Salomea, and the division of Halych, allotting its western regions to Leszek, the remaining lands to Coloman.
By the time he was born, Emperor Wu was already 62.
Louise Françoise de Bourbon (4 December 1707 – 19 August 1743) was a grand daughter of Louis XIV of France and his mistress Françoise Athénaïs de Rochechouart de Mortemart, better known as "Madame de Montespan".
Filming took place in California from April to September 2002.
His uncle died before becoming Lord of Annandale, so William became 3rd Lord of Annandale.
It is an adaptation of Fyodor Dostoyevsky's novel of the same name.
Director Milestone went on to other successful productions after the film came out, including" Ocean's 11" and" Pork Chop Hill".
He also sang compositions from Georges Brassens.
The helicopter used was an Allouette II, chosen for its ability at high altitudes in order to be able to film in the western mountains.
In 1371, his brother-in-law and supporter, William II, Duke of Jülich, got into a dispute with Wenceslaus I, Duke of Luxembourg.
John married Wilhelmina( d. 1592), the daughter of Duke Robert IV of Bouillon.
Instead, she dedicated herself to supporting popular causes and organizations, such as the Red Cross and the Visiting Nurse Association.
Major Ronald Owen Lloyd Armstrong- Jones,(" né" Jones; 18 May 1899 – 27 January 1966) was a Welsh barrister and soldier.
Princess Hermine of Waldeck and Pyrmont (born: 29 September 1827; died: 16 February 1910) was a German princess.
Equally, the legion's origins may come from the fact it was commanded by Lucius Pinaris Scarpus, an ally of Mark Antony whom Antony appointed to be governor of Cyrenaica in eastern Libya.
The 19th- century mystic Anne Catherine Emmerich claims that according to her visions( which give a detailed genealogy of Mary), Sobe was a sister of Anne, but the mother of Elizabeth was Emerentia, Sobe and Anne's maternal aunt.
Crosby recorded the song on August 14, 1935 with The Dorsey Brothers Orchestra and it reached the charts of the day peaking at No. 2 during a 7- week stay.
Katta Subba Rao( 3 January 1940 – 12 July 1988), is a film director known for directing family- oriented and social movies in the Telugu film industry.
"All Neon Like" is a song by Icelandic musician Björk.
He wrote mostly in Sicilian and likewise, his theatrical works were mostly in Sicilian.
The film's sets were designed by the art directors Franz Bi and Max Seefelder.
Lagrange or La Grange may refer to:
There have been many proposals to change or eliminate the pledge.
Saint Rumbold's feast day is celebrated by the Roman Catholic Church, and Western Rite Orthodox Churches, on 24 June; and it is celebrated in Ireland on 3 July.
In 1997, Almodóvar received the French Legion of Honour, followed by the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts by the Spanish Ministry of Culture in 1999.
It takes water from the Crișul Alb near Berindia, flows more or less parallel to the Crișul Alb towards the west and discharges into the Crișul Alb in Vărșand.
Maroon may also refer to:
Talks for a sequel to" Ant- Man" began shortly after that film was released.
Lyrically," Wash All Over Me" portrays Madonna addressing her insecurities and the release that follows, in addition to her questioning her career's longevity.
He was the son of Yohannes
Lolo Soetoro
His 1958 film" Eva" was entered into the 1959 Cannes Film Festival.
His mother remarried, in 1949, to Lt.- Col. Jocelyn Eustace Gurney.
His subsequent two films won an Academy Award each:" All About My Mother"( 1999) received the award for Best Foreign Language Film while" Talk to Her"( 2002) earned him the award for Best Original Screenplay.
He was succeeded as Duke of both duchies by his son Vincenzo.
Portions of the fictional "One Thousand and One Nights" are set in Harun's court and some of its stories involve Harun himself.
At the end of 1925 M&O operated of road and of track; that year it reported 1785 million ton-miles of revenue freight and 49 million passenger- miles.
I cannibali( internationally released as The Cannibals and The Year of the Cannibals) is an Italian drama film directed by Liliana Cavani.
His father was killed in a riding accident six months before he was born and his mother died when he was three.
In his criticism, he expressed an admiration for American films – especially those of genre directors such as John Ford, Alfred Hitchcock and Nicholas Ray – and was deeply critical of mainstream French cinema.
, the song was released on 17 November 1999.
He was also a musician.
He was promoted to Colonel Rank by Empress Elizabeth of Russia.
Johnny- on- the- Spot is a 1919 American silent comedy film.
Rise of the Robots may also refer to:
The date of Gothelo II's death has been disputed.
Dan Milne is a British actor/ director who is possibly best known for his role in" EastEnders".
12 Bar Bruise is the debut studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band King Gizzard& the Lizard Wizard.
Don Juan is a 1922 German silent film directed by Albert Heine and Robert Land and starring Hans Adalbert Schlettow, Margarete Lanner and Margit Barnay.
It was entered into the 1992 Cannes Film Festival.
Marie of Guelders( † May 12, 1405) was one of two pretenders to the title of Duchess of Guelders and Countess of Zutphen on behalf of her son during the War of the Guelderian Succession from 1371 to 1379.
John Roger of Bridport and Bryanston, Dorset, was an English Member of Parliament for Bridport in 1395, 1410 and May 1413 and for Dorset in December 1421.
John Veltri is a photographer who was born in 1938 in New Jersey.
It is based on the memoirs of the pioneering female surgeon Emily Dunning Barringer.
Heather Denise Gibson is a Scottish economist currently serving as Director- Advisor to the Bank of Greece( since 2011).
It discharges into the Crișul Alb near Pescari.
Casimir William of Hesse- Homburg( 23 March 1690 in Weferlingen – 9 October 1726 in Hötensleben) was a prince of Hesse- Homburg.
In 1971, Oliveira directed his second feature narrative film, "Past and Present", a social satire that both set the standard for his film career afterwards and gained him recognition in the global film community.
Peter Dain Suber( born November 8, 1951) is a philosopher specializing in the philosophy of law and open access to knowledge.
Although his role in the film was brief, Ackbar became a prominent character in other" Star Wars" media, including novels, comic books, video games, and television shows, and later made appearances in the sequel trilogy films( 2015) and( 2017), and the television series.
South Sea Sinner is a 1950 American adventure film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and starring MacDonald Carey and Shelley Winters.
The Hours of Catherine of Cleves was commissioned for her.
He was the son of the powerful Sasanian general Farrukhzad, who was the brother of Rostam Farrokhzad and the son of Farrukh Hormizd.
Einer spinnt immer is a 1971 Austrian/ West German film directed by Franz Antel.
God bless those guys and I wouldn’t want to take anything way from them, but the participation of Canada in the Italian campaign ended up in filing cabinets with no recognition at all, which is sad.”
His tomb was discovered January 31, 1886.
During the Second World War he served in the Intelligence Corps and was demobilised as a Major in 1945, having finished his war time service at the Intelligence Corps Depot.
He did stills work in Saskatoon for a while.
In association with her husband and son, she was involved in the Indian independence movement in British- ruled India.
Rona Shambrook, née Green( born 16 June 1911, date of death unknown), was a British writer of over 50 gothic and romance novels, and some non-fiction books, under the pseudonym of Rona Randall from 1942 to 2001.
Coleridge- Taylor Perkinson wrote and conducted the score.
Duke Frederick VIII
Otto II( 1065- after 1131), Count of Chiny, son of Arnold I, Count of Chiny, and Adélaïs.
In" Ant- Man", Lang must help defend Pym's Ant- Man shrinking technology and plot a heist with worldwide ramifications.
His documentary work often focused on the role of the artist in society.
The Democratic-Republican Party fractured after 1824 and Benton became a Democratic leader in the Senate, serving as an important ally of President Jackson and President Martin Van Buren.
He took part in the Council of Thebes on 1 October 1373.
The film is remake of the 1936 film drama of the same name" Sisters of the Gion" by Kenji Mizoguchi.
The film features an uncredited appearance by Bruce Robinson, later to direct" Withnail& I"( 1987).
Brereton was responsible for the construction of Handforth Hall, where he died on 19 March 1577.
Reyes Sr.( June 18, 1924 – February 11, 1968) was a Filipino actor and director.
An accompanying music video for the song was directed by Jake Nava and filmed in Paris, France.
He was named one of the world's 100 most influential people by" Time" magazine in 2009.
Reinald, in conjunction with the Wittelsbach Counts of Holland, Hainaut and Zeeland, tried in vain to slow the emergence of Burgundy in the Netherlands area and in 1406 was unable to enforce old claims against Burgundy to Brabant-Limburg.
Both are being produced in Malibu, California.
The first major retrospective of her work," Space- Light- Structure: The Jewelry of Margaret De Patta," opened at the Museum of Arts and Design in 2012.
In 68 AD Vindex, governor of the Gaulish territory Gallia Lugdunensis, rebelled.
This period saw the rise of a legend that an Abbasid prince had converted to Christianity under the influence of Theodore of Edessa, taken the name" John" and been killed for his apostasy; Alexander Vasiliev speculates that Muayyad, who was killed in 866 by his brother Mu`tazz, may have been the convert.
She starred in the 1986 film" So Many Dreams", which was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival.
It is also an official entry in 31st Metro Manila Film Festival.
Little Rock Creek may refer to:
She also acted in several short films, most notably Balaji Mohan's Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Yeppadi alongside Adith Arun, which was later made into a feature film in 2012 under the same name.
From her ten older and younger siblings, eight survived to adulthood:
A month later, Zombie officially disbanded White Zombie.
The picture was produced by Hal Wallis, with music by Miklós Rózsa and cinematography in Technicolor by Charles Lang.
His choice of position is second row.
She appeared in the 2007 film" Balls of Fury".
Paul Campion (born 1967) is an English film director, and screenwriter.
People in the Net , also known as Unwilling Agent, is a 1959 West German Cold War spy film directed by Franz Peter Wirth and starring Hansjörg Felmy, Johanna von Koczian and Hannes Messemer.
These successes came at the cost of gearing the economy almost exclusively towards the maintenance of the army, which resulted in the expansion and rise to power of the central fiscal bureaucracy and contributed to the Caliph's lasting reputation for avarice.
Two of his films were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film:" Three" in 1966 and" I Even Met Happy Gypsies Feather Gatherers") in 1967.
The following month, Reed was brought in to replace Wright, while McKay was hired to contribute to the script with Rudd.
His honorific title" Mujīr ad- Dīn" means" protector of the faith".
He was awarded the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award in 1984.
Boleslaw III the Wasteful( 23 September 1291 – Brieg, 21 April 1352), was a Duke of Legnica, Brzeg( Brieg) from 1296 until 1342, and Duke of Wrocław from 1296 until 1311.
The Return of October is a 1948 American comedy film directed by Joseph H. Lewis, and starring Glenn Ford and Terry Moore.
The song deals with the" good old days", describing them as a time when courting was much simpler.
It s new owners, M/ C Partners and Columbia Capital, acquired Movistar's assets for$ 160 million USD after Movistar filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in December 2006.
She is the first woman to serve as Lord Lieutenant of Northumberland.
It was co-written by McBride, Lorenzo Mans and Rudy Wurlitzer.
Margaret eventually abandoned her plans with Townsend and married photographer Antony Armstrong-Jones in 1960; the Queen made him Earl of Snowdon.
Less known symptoms of the eye include disturbances, where the eyes roll in the back of the head caused by photosensitivity.
The series was part of a late 1930s effort by Warner Bros. to produce films depicting law enforcement in a positive light under pressure from Homer Stille Cummings( Franklin D. Roosevelt's Attorney General) and Will H. Hays( creator of the Motion Picture Production Code, the movie industry's censorship guidelines), due to the studio's part in producing early 1930s films glamorizing gangsters.
Arthur Charles Wellesley, 5th Duke of Wellington,( 9 June 1876 – 11 December 1941), known as Arthur Wellesley from 1876 to 1900, and styled as Marquess of Douro from 1900 to 1934, was a British nobleman and landowner.
Kidnapping, Caucasian Style!
As a result, Chan was adopted by Chan Fei-nung and his wife, Kung Fan-hung, who were renowned Cantonese opera stars.
Date at Midnight is a 1959 British crime film from the Danzigers.
She was a daughter of Grimoald I, therefore, a grand daughter Pepin the Elder, mayor of the palace of Austrasia and Itte Idoberge of the Carolingian dynasty.
The song was honoured with the award of "Most Streamed Song of 2016" at the Global Indian Music Academy Awards.
Discotek Media released both movies on Blu-ray and DVD for the first time in North America on March 27, 2018.
William Herbert, 2nd Marquess of Powis( c. 1660–1745) was a Welsh aristocrat and Jacobite supporter.
Gumboot Soup is the thirteenth studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band King Gizzard& the Lizard Wizard.
Important cities along the coast include Odessa, Sevastopol, Samsun, and Istanbul.
The Rice – Texas football rivalry is an American college football rivalry between the Rice Owls and Texas Longhorns.
He was nominated as the chairman of Karnataka Chalanachitra Academy (KCA), Bangalore [Government of Karnataka] (State Film Academy).
He is known for holding the top speed record at the 24 Hours of Le Mans, setting a top speed of with a WM- Peugeot at the end of the Mulsanne Straight at the 1988 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Eleni Boukoura- Altamoura( 1821- 1900), also known as Eleni Boukouras or Helen Boukoura, was a Greek artist of Arvanite descent.
Priscilla Wright( born August 14, 1940 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian singer, most famous for the song" The Man in the Raincoat", which she first released in 1955, and re-recorded in 1988.
George Dunton Widener( June 16, 1861 – April 15, 1912) was an American businessman who died in the sinking of the RMS" Titanic".
He succeeded his uncle, Mubarak Shah to the throne. .
It was later adapted to Tchaikovsky's opera "Iolanta".
He was the grandson of James II of Aragon and cousin of Pedro IV "the Ceremonious".
Janakinath Bose( 28 May 1860 – 1934) was an Indian lawyer and advocate, who was the father of Indian independence leader Subhas Chandra Bose.
He is most famous for the film serials he co-directed with William Witney for Republic Pictures such as" Zorro's Fighting Legion" and" Drums of Fu Manchu".
It is based on Lee Falk's comic strip" The Phantom", first syndicated to newspapers in 1936 by King Features Syndicate.
Dodo was a crusader who was one of the many leading knights from Walloon and the Lotharingian territories that joined the army of Godfrey of Bouillon in the First Crusade.
Humphrey( VI) de Bohun( c. 1249 – 31 December 1298), 3rd Earl of Hereford and 2nd Earl of Essex, was an English nobleman known primarily for his opposition to King Edward I over the" Confirmatio Cartarum."
Leopoldo Torre Nilsson (5 May 1924 – 8 September 1978), also known as Leo Towers and as Babsy, was an Argentine film director, producer and screenwriter.
After an initial rejection, Williams joined the Grand Ole Opry.
Devisingh Ransingh Shekhawat is the former and first First Gentleman of India as the husband of Pratibha Patil.
Ritratto di borghesia in nero( also known as" Nest of Vipers" and" Portrait of a Bourgeois in Black") is a 1978 Italian drama film directed by Tonino Cervi.
Filming took place from February to May 2002.
Three Live Ghosts is a 1929 American Pre- Code comedy film directed by Thornton Freeland and starring Beryl Mercer, Harry Stubbs, and Joan Bennett; with Robert Montgomery, and Tenen Holtz.
A Man and a Woman: 20 Years Later( literally" A Man and a Woman, 20 Years Already") is a 1986 French drama film directed by Claude Lelouch and is a sequel to Lelouch's 1966 film" Un homme et une femme".
The V-Flag was subsequently hung in the lobby of the Capital Theatre.
He called for the annexation of the Republic of Texas, which was accomplished in 1845.
To address these concerns he issued the "Ordenanza de Obrajes" (Ordenance of Manufactures) in 1664.
Later, he studied film at the Academy of Media Arts KHM in Cologne, Germany.
His patroonship became the most successful to exist, making full use of his business tactics and advantages, such as his connection to the Director of New Netherland, his confidantes at the West India Company, and his extended family members who were eager to emigrate to a better place to farm.
Jeff Barlow was a British actor who was born in Lancashire in 1871.
King Hui of Wei( simplified Chinese and traditional Chinese: 魏惠王; 400-319 BC), originally called Marquis Hui of Wei, and after 344, King Hui of Liang( simplified Chinese and traditional Chinese: 梁惠王) was the third ruler of the state of Wei during the Warring States period, ruling from approximately 369–319 BC.
Van Rensselaer had a marked effect on the history of the United States.
Carl Schultz( born 19 September 1939) is a Hungarian- Australian film director.
She has served as Lord Lieutenant of Northumberland since 2009, and is best known for redeveloping The Alnwick Garden at Alnwick Castle.
She was married( it is said for the second time) some time before 1373, to Edward le Despencer, 1st Baron le Despencer( c. 24 March 1335- 6 – 11 November 1375) and they had six children.
Leonard E. Timberlake( 1896–1973), who went by L.E. Timberlake or Lee Timberlake, was a former railroad employee and a travel bureau owner who was a member of the Los Angeles, California, City Council from 1945 to 1969.
Bernhardt directed films in France and England before moving on to Hollywood to work for Warner Brothers in 1940.
Blanche of Navarre( ?–1229) was countess and then regent of Champagne and finally also regent of her native kingdom of Navarre.
Film scholars and Czechoslovakian authorities saw his 1967 film" The Firemen's Ball" as a biting satire on Eastern European Communism, and it was banned for many years in his home country.
Kasturbai" Kasturba" Mohandas Gandhi( born Kasturbai Makhanji Kapadia on( 11 April 1869 – 22 February 1944) was an Indian political activist.
The conflict escalated to a point where civil war threatened, but was resolved when the war effort turned towards Scotland.
The veneration of their daughter, Elizabeth of Hungary, was confirmed by the Holy See during Andrew's lifetime.
He also played a young Christine Jorgensen in" The Christine Jorgensen Story", and appeared in episodes of" Gunsmoke" and" Emergency!".
La Yuma is a 2009 Nicaraguan drama film directed by Florence Jaugey.
" Orkneyinga Saga" also named Eystein Glumra as the father of Rognvald Eysteinsson:" Heiti, Gorr ’s son, was father of Sveiði the sea-king,[ who was] the father of Halfdan the old,[ who was] the father of Ivar the Uplanders ’ earl,[ who was] the father of Eystein the noisy,[ who was] the father of earl Rognvald the mighty and wise in council".
Simon Higgins is an Australian screenwriter and author of books for young adults, born in 1958 in England.
Michael Engler is an American theater director, and a Director's Guild of America and Emmy nominated television director and producer.
He appeared in the wake of the French New Wave alongside contemporaries like Jean- Luc Godard and François Truffaut.
While a print of the film still survives, the end sequence shot in
He then refined his approach to encompass jazz singing.
Francis was a vassal of the Duke of Athens, to whom he was obligated to send an annual of tribute of four armed horses.
Quarters!
Simultaneous to his stage career, McGavin also forged a career in film, starring in David Lean's "Summertime" and "The Man with the Golden Arm" (both 1955).
and he was declared of age.
Henry Alan Walter Richard Percy, 11th Duke of Northumberland FRS( 1 July 1953 – 31 October 1995), styled Earl Percy until 1988, was an English peer.
He was born in Magdeburg, Germany and died in Baden- Baden, Germany.
A photographer, 11 of his pictures were used to illustrate a book about Holkham Hall.
François van der Merwe is a South African professional rugby union player.
The picture was an adaptation of Zane Grey's novel of the same name.
Lady Margarita Elizabeth Rose Alleyne Armstrong- Jones( born 14 May 2002) is the only daughter and youngest child of the Earl and Countess of Snowdon.
Tim Eichenberg is an American politician from the state of New Mexico.
It offers Science and Commerce stream at+ 2 level.
Her mother was Lady Joan Fitzalan, daughter of Richard FitzAlan, 10th Earl of Arundel and his second wife Eleanor of Lancaster.
He was also Captain of Gournay.
In 1737, he was created Lord Lieutenant of Gloucestershire and Constable of St. Briavel's Castle, offices which he held until his death, and was made lieutenant-colonel of the 2nd Regiment of Foot Guards.
Sebastião José de Carvalho e Melo, 1st Marquis of Pombal, 1st Count of Oeiras( 13 May 1699 – 8 May 1782), popularly known as the Marquis of Pombal(" Marquês de Pombal"), was an 18th- century Portuguese statesman.
However, she is more widely known as elder sister to A. R. Rahman among three sisters and mother of G. V. Prakash Kumar and Bhavani Sree.
It centres on a surveyor and his fiancée who arrive in a remote Malaysian trading post and encounter a close- fisted ivory trader and her ill- meaning family.
He was also a member of the Spanish Council of State and the War Council under King Philip IV.
The school is registered under Delhi administration
At the same time, the marriage compensated for the broken engagement of her husband's sister, Infanta Mafalda with her brother, the future King Alfonso II of Aragon.
She is the brand ambassador of Raindropss, a youth-based social organization.
nicknamed "Mr. Pizza" from the Internet forum HKGolden.
The screenplay concerns three veterans of World War I who return home to London after the armistice, only to find they have been mistakenly listed as dead.
It was Rollin's final film, as the director died in 2010.
The formal registered address of all the companies is that of a firm of chartered accountants in Friern Barnet, north London, however, as is common, this is not the operating address but the address of representatives who handle accounting and legal matters.
Heroes of the Hills is a 1938 American Western" Three Mesquiteers" B-movie directed by George Sherman.
Additionally, the show analyzed not only the crime itself, but also the impact which the crime, ensuing investigation and legal proceedings, had had on the community at large.
His most famous role came as DA Kyle Sackett from the film" The Postman Always Rings Twice"( 1946).
John Guare( rhymes with" air"; born February 5, 1938) is an American playwright.
The Mayur Vihur campus organized a colorful art parade for Independence Day in 2014, inviting participation from all schools within.
The Republic of Venice was pleased that one of its own was again ruling Bodonitsa and happily negotiated for Francis and his mother with the Catalan Duchy of Athens.
He chaired the board of Nydalens Compagnie from 1926, having not been a board member before that.
Originally made in Malayalam, the film was dubbed and released in Hindi as" Saza- E- Kala Pani", Tamil as" Siraichalai", and in Telugu as" Kaala Pani".
He was born in Rochester, New York and died in Los Angeles, California.
After moving to Bellingham and undergoing a series of name changes, the school became Western Washington College of Education in 1937.
David Owen Russell( born August 20, 1958) is an American film director, screenwriter, and producer.
Curtis operated the Cornwall Furnace that produced pig iron, and Peter, who had more ironmaking experience, ran the nearby Hopewell Forges on Hammer Creek that produced more valuable bar iron.
From December 31, 1661 to March 16, 1666 he was viceroy of Peru.
In" Ant- Man and the Wasp", the titular pair work with Hank Pym to retrieve Janet van Dyne from the quantum realm.
In 1991 he was awarded the Admirals' Medal.
He was the eldest son of Otto III, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg, by his first unknown wife.
and then Chancellor of the Exchequer.
She is the most powerful Empress of Bulgaria, ruling as a regent from 1271 to 1279.
He is nephew to Antony Armstrong- Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon and grand- nephew of Valentine Browne, 6th Earl of Kenmare.'
Mstislav and his Cuman allies defeated the Hungarians near Halych and captured Coloman and Salomea in August 1221.
oh boy
It is directed by Manny Castañeda, Don Escudero & Jose Javier Reyes.
While he won a number of military victories, he was unable to prevent the secession of important provinces.
Kabani Nadi Chuvannappol(" When the River Kabani Turned Red") is a 1975 Malayalam feature film directed by P. A. Backer, produced by Pavithran, and starring T. V. Chandran, Shalini, Raveendran and J. Siddiqui.
The original story dealt with art world double-dealing, but the solution to the mystery is the same in each film.
He was the 1,143rd Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria in 1903.
Joan of Navarre( 1382 – July 1413) was the heir presumptive to the throne of Navarre in 1402 – 1413, and regent of Navarre in the absence of her father in 1409 – 1411.
The film received positive reviews from critics.
Boris, Prince of Turnovo, Duke of Saxony (born 12 October 1997 in Madrid), is the elder son of Kardam, Prince of Turnovo, and the grandson of former Tsar Simeon II of Bulgaria.
Ahmed Pochee( 23 September 1939 – 18 December 1998) was a British- Indian wine merchant and entrepreneur, notably the founder of Oddbins and the Great Wapping Wine Company.
In 1970, he was a founder of the Yellow House Artist Collective in Sydney.
It is home to the Blue Hill Public Library, Blue Hill Memorial Hospital, George Stevens Academy, the Blue Hill Harbor School, New Surry Theatre, Kneisel Hall, Bagaduce Music Lending Library, the Kollegewidgwok Yacht Club, the Shaw Institute, and the Blue Hill Country Club.
Albert, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg (1 November 1596 in Dillenburg – 16 June 1626 in Quakenbrück) was a son of Count George of Nassau-Dillenburg and his first wife, Anna Amalia of Nassau-Saarbruucken.
The song has been covered by Katy Perry, Taio Cruz, the cast of the series "Glee", and several other artists.
The Gaucho War( La guerra gaucha) is a 1942 Silver Condor award- winning Argentine historical drama and epic film directed by Lucas Demare and starring Enrique Muiño, Francisco Petrone, Ángel Magaña, and Amelia Bence.
He released his fifth studio album" Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor" the following year( 2013).
Demy's style drew upon such diverse sources as classic Hollywood musicals, the documentary realism of his New Wave colleagues, fairy- tales, jazz, Japanese manga, and the opera.
He was the son of William de Brus, 3rd Lord of Annandale and Christina or Beatrice de Teyden.
His granddaughter is the spouse of Manaf Tlass.
Then he was secretary and national co-ordinator of the Christian Democratic Centre.
The film starred Anant Nag, C.R.Simha and Loveleen Madhu in lead roles.
Before moving to Victoria he played for several seasons with South Fremantle in the West Australian Football League( WAFL).
Asthram is a 1983 Indian Malayalam- language film directed by P. N. Menon.
Although Grenfell- Baines always chose to be based in Preston, he cultivated friendships in national and international circles.
Big Eden is a 2000 romantic comedy- drama film written and directed by Thomas Bezucha.
He is acknowledged as the first Argentine film director to be critically acclaimed outside the country, making Argentina's film production known in important international festivals.
The film is a modern-day telling of the Greek mythological tale of the Gorgon and was inspired by the 1964 classic Hammer Horror film of the same name and the 1981 cult classic" Clash of the Titans".
Živojin" Žika" Pavlović( 15 April 1933 – 29 November 1998) was a Yugoslav and Serbian film director, writer, painter and professor.
Born in Scranton, Pennsylvania and educated at Vassar College in Poughkeepsie, New York, he is best known for his collaboratively generated solo performance work, which often incorporates multimedia elements and gender reversal in the exploration of its subject matter.
The story focuses on an Alaskan town beset by vampires as it enters into a thirty- day long polar night.
Although the funding for the film came from the US, the film was produced by British company Natural Nylon.
Several of Bidlake's houses in the Birmingham area were featured in Hermann Muthesius's book  ("The English House"), which was to prove influential on the early Modern Movement in Germany.
The film was produced by Elisabeth Pinto and Jennifer Scheer, and was shot in Wellington, New Zealand.
The Merry Widow is a 1918 Hungarian musical film directed by Michael Curtiz.
George was the son of his sister Elizabeth, who had married Philip Thicknesse
After the death of his nephew Simon Philip in 1650, he inherited Lippe-Detmold.
Less than a month later with the consent of the King, she gave an" inter vivos" gift of the earldom to her son John who became Earl of Chester by right of his mother.
Arbuthnott died at his residence and was succeeded in his titles by his son John.
The game was developed by Atari Games and was to be published by Parker Brothers on the Atari 2600.
Mervyn Tuchet, 4th Earl of Castlehaven (died 2 November 1686) was the third son of Mervyn Tuchet, 2nd Earl of Castlehaven, and his first wife, Elizabeth Barnham (1592 – c. 1622).
At the same time, he also became a Knight of the Garter.
Robert Hossein( born 30 December 1927) is a French film actor, director, and writer.
The cast of some thousand participants was unprecedented in Argentine cinema until that time.
Both possessions belonged to the Walram line of the House of Nassau.
The work consists entirely of an appropriation of Alfred Hitchcock's 1960" Psycho" slowed down to approximately two frames a second, rather than the usual 24.
It examines anti-Black stereotypes that permeated popular culture from the ante-bellum period until the advent of the Civil Rights Movement of the 1960s.
Ivan Rogers( 1954–2010) was an independent film actor, director and producer.
Lady Titi Singing Blues is a 2018 film directed by Esti Almo Wexler.
The Affairs of Martha, also known as Once Upon a Thursday, is a 1942 American romantic comedy film directed by Jules Dassin and written by Isobel Lennart based on her story.
When Alp Arslan appeared in Mosul, he was arrested and imprisoned in the citadel.
The project's budget climbed from an initial$ 150 million to a then- record- breaking$ 207 million.
Ana- Neda( Bulgarian and; fl. 1323- 1324) was the Empress consort of Bulgaria briefly in 1323- 1324 as the spouse of" Despot of Vidin" Michael Shishman who was elected as Emperor of Bulgaria in 1323.
Very private about his personal life, Rivette was briefly married to photographer and screenwriter Marilù Parolini during the early 1960s and later married Véronique Manniez.
a mansion in the Avenidas Novas, a new area of the city of Lisbon created as it expanded north absorbing nearby rural areas and farmlands.
The Phantom Stagecoach is a 1957 American Western film directed by Ray Nazarro and starring William Bishop, Kathleen Crowley, Richard Webb, Hugh Sanders, John Doucette, and Frank Ferguson.
Between 17 December 2007 and 1 September 2010 the Open Access Group also operated OMusic TV.
He was succeeded by Brancaleone's second son, Marianus V. Brancaleone was finally liberated only on 1 January 1390.
Following the earl's death in 1755, the countess remarried.
The American stage magician Ricky Jay considers Tamariz as a magician that people will remember.
Since 2001 he completed several scripts for movies and documentaries.
She continued researching gender roles, publishing "Kvinners liv
There, they encounter bizarre creatures living on the island as well as a legendary giant gorilla known as Kong, whom they capture and take to New York City.
Cory- Wright was appointed High Sheriff of Hertfordshire for 1921.
He founded the town of Karlings( now: Carling), which was named after him.
In that government Chamberlain promoted the Workmen's Compensation Act 1897.
The Turkish Straits connect the Black Sea with the Aegean Sea and comprise the Bosphorus, the Sea of Marmara and the Dardanelles.
See also the Houses of Montlhéry and Le Puiset.
In 2018, there were 16,121 students, 15,170 of whom were undergraduate students, and 639 faculty.
One grows up to be a policeman, another a singer, and the third the owner of a country liquor bar.
Howl is a 2010 American experimental film which explores both the Six Gallery debut and the 1957 obscenity trial of 20th- century American poet Allen Ginsberg's noted poem" Howl".
"Tell It to the Bees" opened in limited release in the United States on 3 May 2019.
She was born in Lemon Grove, California.
In 2004, Björk released her fifth studio album, "Medúlla", followed by her sixth studio album, "Volta", in May 2007.
T. V. Chandran, who also later went on to direct a bevy of award- winning films in Malayalam and Tamil, played the lead role.
It is supplied by a number of major rivers, such as the Danube, Dnieper, Southern Bug, Dniester, Don, and the Rioni.
She is also known as" Isabel de Clare", but this is however, the name of many women in her family.
Empties is a 2007 film directed by Jan Svěrák and written by his father Zdeněk Svěrák, who also stars in the film.
Louis IV was also a direct paternal descendant of Charlemagne.
Brakman received the P. C. Hooft Award in 1980.
The film was directed by Henning Schellerup.
Boritzer now lives in Venice, California and maintains his publishing office there also.
First screened at Sundance Film Festival on January 24, 1993, and later released on June 3, 1994," Fear of a Black Hat" was written, produced and directed by, and co-stars Rusty Cundieff.
He was the owner of the Librairie Universelle in Damascus.
" Plan 9 from Outer Space" played on television in relative obscurity until 1980, when authors Harry Medved and Michael Medved dubbed it the" worst film ever made" in their book" The Golden Turkey Awards".
Koidu Girls Secondary School is a government- sponsored secondary school for girls located in Koidutown, Kono District, Sierra Leone.
David J. Kimball is an American sound engineer.
" Adaminte Makan Abu" was released in theatres on 24 June 2011.
Richard J. Lewis is a television and film director born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Daddy, Come Home is a song written by Irving Berlin and first published in 1913.The humorous song
She is daughter of Uday Tikekar and Aarti Ankalikar.
Bridges, Farrell, and Duvall also sing in the film.
Outside of the ring Annis has been a mentor to several young wrestlers and has been a trainer at wrestling schools.
It grossed over$ 433.4 million worldwide and was followed by a sequel," Terminator Salvation", in 2009.
Henry was Count of Looz for a few days in 1218, but died of poisoning.
It is now considered to be a lost film.
Possessing the Tiber and assaulting the Lateran, Godfrey succeeded in expelling the antipope Benedict X on 24 January.
He has attended the Tisch School of the Arts, where he received a BFA in Film Production.
British band
He also directed over 170 plays.
Despite the sale of Abbeyleix House and Estate, Lord de Vesci continues to promote the heritage of the town.
Nathaniel" Nat" Sanders is an American film editor.
Styled as Duchess of Burgundy after her marriage, she became Dauphine of France upon the death of her father- in- law, Le Grand Dauphin, in 1711.
1487 – 6 October 1559) was a count of Nassau- Dillenburg from the House of Nassau.
After a relatively unsuccessful period, she returned to the top of music charts with "The Emancipation of Mimi" (2005), which became the world's second best-selling album of 2005.
Roehenstart was later a passive Jacobite claimant to the British throne.
Supporting roles are played by Jan Frycz, Aleksandra Konieczna, Maciej Stuhr and Matylda Baczynska.
The film is a semi-fictional account of the" Batalhão de Operações Policiais Especiais"( BOPE), the Special Police Operations Battalion of the Rio de Janeiro Military Police, analogous to the American SWAT teams.
He also works as a screenwriter, film director and drama professor.
The Smell of Our Own is a 2003 album by The Hidden Cameras.
He married Elizabeth Boyle Hallowes, daughter of Maj.-Gen.
In 1969 he was a member of the jury at the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
By the time of the accession of al- Wathiq in 842, he was, along with the Turk Ashinas, the" mainstay of the caliphate".
Armstrong-Jones lectured at St Bartholomew's Hospital, and became consulting physician in mental diseases to the military forces at London and Aldershot.
The album was produced by John Goodmanson and recorded from December 1996 to January 1997 at John and Stu's Place in Seattle, Washington.
Paul Harvey Peters( born September 24, 1982) is the Chief Executive Officer of the Open Access publisher Hindawi.
The society columns such as Page Six of the "New York Post" have tagged him with the nickname of "Prince Wence(pronounced: Vince)".
Stuart Paton (23 July 1883 – 16 December 1944) was a British director, screenwriter and actor of the silent era.
Translating and altering the original script was overseen by Edgar Neville, a Spaniard with strong connections in the United States, and was part of a trend of making multiple language versions during the early years of sound before dubbing became more commonplace.
Jason Reischel( born April 19, 1976) is an American singer- songwriter from Brooklyn, New York who sometimes goes by the stage name My Cousin, The Emperor.
Kelly, Hereditary Princess of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha, Duchess of Saxony( born Kelly Jeanne Rondestvedt on 10 January 1975) is an American investment banker.
La Casa del Buon Ritorno is a 1986 Italian film written and directed by Beppe Cino.
She was infanta of Aragon and Countess of Urgel.
He then escaped the country and lived abroad for more than three years.
In 1999, the American Film Institute ranked Poitier 22nd on their list of Greatest Male Stars of classic Hollywood cinema.
Princess Teresa Cristina of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha( 23 August 1902 – 24 January 1990), was a German princess of the House of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha.
TK McKamy( pronounced mc -ka- me: born January 17, 1983) is an American film director, screenwriter, and editor.
He comes from the Ottonian branch of the House of Nassau.
Along with promoting open access publishers( particularly open access journals), OASPA sets best practices and provides a forum for the exchange of information on and experiences of open access.
Edmond de Talleyrand- Périgord, 2nd Duke of Talleyrand, 2nd Duke of Dino( 1 August 1787, Paris – 14 May 1872, Florence), was a French general of the Napoleonic Wars.
The screenplay concerns an impoverished duchess who arranges a marriage for her daughter to a wealthy working- class London barber.
Several of Björk's albums have reached the top 20 on the US "Billboard" 200 chart, the most recent being "Vulnicura" (2015).
Chu then betrayed this alliance.
Charles Carroll( January 12, 1865 – October 6, 1921) was an American heir who was prominent in New York Society during the Gilded Age who was the head of Carroll family of Maryland.
During the 1930s, Grenfell- Baines became aware of Modernism, particularly the work of Le Corbusier and Gropius, through the architectural press and was determined to practise it himself.
the Monsters is a trilogy of short movies released during 1965.
Hope was respected as a building planner but was a poor draftsman and required a large number of assistants to interpret his ideas.
She also had an affair with Jan Neruda.
The film was shot over three weeks.
In March 2008 he was reported to be the oldest active film director in the world.
The Secret of Mulan is the 1998 entry in the series of Secret of ... films released direct to video by UAV/ Sterling Entertainment Group, which generally were adaptations of popular theatrical animated films released in a given year, such as" The Secret of Anastasia" and" The Secret of the Hunchback".
He is one of the few film directors to have straddled the mainstream and parallel cinema worlds.
He was the grandfather of John Wesley( founder of Methodism).
Filming took place over twenty days in Los Angeles, California in September 2012.
Baby Love is a 1968 British drama film, directed by Alastair Reid and starring Ann Lynn, Keith Barron, Linda Hayden and Diana Dors.
Vampire in Brooklyn is a 1995 American comedy horror film directed by Wes Craven.
It was based on the love story from the" Shahnameh" of Farhad and Shirin by Nizami Ganjavi.
" The Rainbow Trail" was remade, with sound, in 1931.
Christiane Wartenberg (Stoll, born 27 October 1956 in Prenzlau) is a German athlete who competed mainly in the 1500 metres.
The Rainbow Trail is a 1932 Western film directed by David Howard and starring George O'Brien.
Grigory Naumovich Chukhray( 23 May 1921 – 29 October 2001) was a Soviet film director and screenwriter, and a People's Artist of the USSR( 1981).
an actor and singer.
As a self-made businessman, he had never attended university and had contempt for the aristocracy.
Since 1990 he made a career as a filmmaking teacher and he has published two novels.
Molander wrote several screenplays for Victor Sjöström and Mauritz Stiller, and was helped by the latter to get employment as a director for Svensk Filmindustri, where he worked 1923–1956.
In 2005, teamed up with Algerian Rai singer Cheb Khaled and Carlos Santana on a song called" Love to the People" for Khaled's album titled" Ya Rayi".
The story runs six pages and recaps the film.
His son was biologist and pioneer of biosemiotics Jakob von Uexküll.
oh boy,
Rivette became editor of "Cahiers du Cinéma" during the early 1960s and publicly fought French censorship of his second feature film, "The Nun" (1966).
The World of Apu(" Apura sansāraApur Sansar") is a 1959 Indian Bengali drama film written and directed by Satyajit Ray.
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores.
He took part in the 1371 Battle of Baesweiler (in which Edward was mortally wounded) and captured Wenceslaus I, Duke of Luxembourg.
Fred Olen Ray( born September 10, 1954) is an American film director, producer, and screenwriter of more than 150 low- to- medium budget feature films in many genres, including horror, science fiction, action/ adventure, crime dramas, and holiday films.
After the death of Ashinas, in 844/ 5, he was named governor of Egypt, but he appointed Harthamah ibn al- Nadr al- Jabali there in his stead.
It was entered into the 13th Moscow International Film Festival.
Marshall M. Sloane( April 15, 1926 – April 6, 2019) was the an American businessman who was the founder and chairman of Century BanCorp.
Even before that, Arnold I and Arnold II, who were counts of Looz before the merger with the counts of Chiny, were often confused with each other.
He has received an award from the International Film Festival of Flanders- Ghent, Belgium in 1983; a Special Jury Award from the Manila International Film Festival; and the 2004 Gawad CCP Para sa Sining.
It was self-distributed via his personal website and not available on any album.
Upon victory of her party, the title of Duke of Guelders went to her son, William.
A web enhancement is a bonus expansion to a role- playing game product, that can be read and/ or downloaded from the website of the company that published the role- playing product it is associated with.
He has been crucial in the newly-found activism of the Lower House vis-à-vis the Upper House and the executive.
He-Man and She-Ra:
Stanley Kubrick (July 26, 1928 – March 7, 1999) was an American film director, screenwriter, and producer.
Dance of Death or The Dance of Death may also refer to:
She brought £ 30,000 to the marriage.
The recording by Tony Bennett was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 40770.
The İzmir Blue Train, Central Anatolia Blue Train, Çukurova Blue Train and 4th of September Blue Train all were overnight trains.
When he died in 1772 in Vienna, without surviving issue, Liechtenstein went to his nephew Franz Joseph I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
Originally, the film was presumed to be lost.
Thierry Neuvic( born 3 August 1970) is a French actor.
From 1738 until 1741, he was having a well-known relationship with the already married Frances Vane, Viscountess Vane.
A founder of a new genre of Neapolitan comedy, he was the composer of the opera buffa" La Cilla" in 1706.
Principal photography of" Secret of the Tomb" took place from January to May 2014 in London, England and British Columbia, Canada.
Sancho Garcés( c. 1038 – 6 January 1083) was an illegitimate son of King García Sánchez III of Pamplona and first cousin of King Alfonso VI of León.
He continued making films of growing ambition throughout the 1970s and 1980s, gaining critical acclaim and numerous awards.
Petrović found inspiration for this film in Fyodor Dostoyevsky's novel" The Possessed".
From the 1895 general election the Liberal Unionists were in coalition with the Conservative Party, under Chamberlain's former opponent Lord Salisbury.
In anticipation of this, she assigned to John the County of Harcourt in 1448.
The film is based on a 1920 Broadway play," Three Live Ghosts", by Frederic S. Isham and Max Marcin.
Her two siblings were John of Luxembourg and Beatrice of Luxembourg, Queen of Hungary.
He studied at the École des Beaux- Arts, then at the École nationale supérieure des arts décoratifs, before going to the cinema as an actor in 1933.
(However, he did not have himself crowned until 1693.)
His father had acquired the County of Cleves in 1368 and given this title to his eldest son Adolf.
A follow- up film was released in 2011, titled" Granito: How to Nail a Dictator".
He was also second unit camera operator in Warren Beatty's "Reds".
Choteau had children by at least four women who were at least partly Osage, fathering at least seven children by these women.
In late December 1989, he joined the founding committee of the Democratic Party in Serbia, the first opposition anti-communist party in Serbia.
Wang Shusen( born 19 January 1967) is a Chinese former cyclist.
Jürgen Böttcher( born 8 July 1931) is a German film director and painter.
Marsha Rowe( born 1944) is an Australian- born journalist and writer now living in the United Kingdom.
The Return of the Vampire is a horror film released in 1943 by Columbia Pictures.
The alternative title is" Crazy Love".
Andrea Pohoreckyj Danyluk is an American computer scientist and computer science educator.
45 Fathers is a 1937 American comedy film directed by James Tinling, written by Frances Hyland and Albert Ray, and starring Jane Withers, Thomas Beck, Louise Henry, Richard Carle, Nella Walker and Andrew Tombes.
Their second daughter Isabella( 1750 – 1812) married Algernon Percy, 1st Earl of Beverley, and was ancestor to the Dukes of Northumberland.
She competed for Algeria at the 2018 Africa Women Cup of Nations, playing in two matches.
Frank H. Fleet( 1848 in New York, New York – June 13, 1900 in New York, New York) was a Major League Baseball player in the 19th century.
From 1924, he was active as a feature cameraman.
He showed benevolence and reorganized the school system.
Aleksandr Ilyich Bibikov
Ranulf II (also known as Ranulf de Gernon), 4th Earl of Chester (1099–1153), was an Anglo-Norman baron who inherited the honour of the palatine county of Chester upon the death of his father Ranulf le Meschin, 3rd Earl of Chester.
He was appointed captain of Angers in 1469, and later seneschal and governor of Anjou.
His last film as a director was" Hombres de mar" in 1977.
She had a brother, Wenceslaus, King of the Romans, and one half sister, Katharine of Bohemia, whose mother was Blanche of Valois who was Charles IV's previous wife.
Jesse Edward Hobson( May 2, 1911 – November 5, 1970) was the director of SRI International from 1947 to 1955.
Lin abstained from taking an active role in politics after the civil war ceased in 1949.
Jean Pierre Carl Buron( 12 July 1886 – 2 June 1956), known professionally as Jean Hersholt, was a Danish- American actor.
It was filmed in 1979 and aired on NBC June 11, 1981.
In 1974, he was awarded an Honorary Academy Award as" a master American filmmaker whose creative efforts hold a distinguished place in world cinema."
He served as a Supreme Court Justice from 1938 to 1948, except for the period between December 1940 and May 1945, during the German occupation of Norway.
He is also a noted theater director who has staged successful Roman productions of" Madame BovaryPadrone Del MondoLa Poltrona", and" Ore Rubate".
Stefan Schwartz( born 1 May 1963) is an English and Canadian film and television director, writer and actor, most known for the feature film" Shooting Fish" and his work on the BBC's" Spooks" and" Luther", AMC's" The Walking Dead" and Fear The Walking Dead as well as Showtime's" Dexter".
It was released on 17 November 2017.
Carli Tornehave, born 26 August 1932 in Stockholm, is a Swedish singer and actor.
Iyasu I (or Joshua I, Ge'ez: ኢያሱ ፩), also known as Iyasu the Great, was "nəgusä nägäst"
He is the patron saint of the cathedral and archdiocese of Paderborn in Germany.
Evans began his career on the stage, performing in many of London's West End productions such as" RentMiss Saigon", and" Piaf" before making his film breakthrough in the" Clash of the Titans" 2010 remake.
It premiered in competition at the 2014 Cannes Film Festival and won the Jury Prize.
In June 2008," Forbes" magazine ranked him as the 20th- richest person in Taiwan.
The latest is dated to 1 December 945, though according to other sources Fernán González was reinstated in Castile on 22 April that year.
Karl Friedrich, Prince of Hohenzollern( born 20 April 1952) is the eldest son of the late Friedrich Wilhelm, Prince of Hohenzollern and Princess Margarita of Leiningen.
As such, it was only by courtesy that he was sometimes styled as if being a crown prince.
Small did his undergraduate work at Williams College where he was graduated with a degree in English.
He is a younger brother of Lazar Zličić.
But the regency lasted much longer than expected because Adolf was killed in battle on June 27, 1477.
Helmut Käutner (born 25 March 1908 in Düsseldorf, Germany; died 20 April 1980 in Castellina in Chianti, Italy) was a German film director active mainly in the 1940s and 1950s.
She was named after her paternal grandmother, Elisabeth of Bohemia( 1292–1330).
Thousands of unwanted children were placed in state orphanages where they faced terrible conditions.
Kill!"
During this time, Caesar became the first Roman general to cross both the English Channel and the Rhine River, when he built a bridge across the Rhine and crossed the Channel to invade Britain.
He joined the Canterbury Association on 17 June 1848 and remained a member until his death.
The original title was restored in the 1990s.
contained in "The Book of Leinster" do not list Muirchertach as king but have instead Cenn Fáelad mac Colgan (died 682) as the successor to Guaire.
His album of songs about the Dust Bowl period, "Dust Bowl Ballads", is included on "Mojo" magazine's list of 100 Records That Changed The World.
Marquess Wu of Wei (died 370 BCE), was a ruler of the State of Wei during the Warring States period of ancient China.
Andrzej Markowski( 22 August 1924 – 30 October 1986) was a Polish composer and conductor.
His career and personal life experienced an extended downturn during the height of the rock music era.
In 1519, he succeeded his father as Count of Brienne and Count of Ligny.
This Is the Army" (1943), and "White Christmas", and he made comedies with "Life With Father" (1947) and "We're No Angels" (1955).
His efforts to reassert imperial power, however, generally backfired, as his unsuccessful campaigns against Li Keyong, Chen Jingxuan, and Li Maozhen, merely allowed Li Keyong and Li Maozhen to reaffirm their power by prevailing over imperial forces, while Chen was merely conquered and replaced by Wang Jian.
"I Was a Teenage Frankenstein" (1957), "How to Make a Monster" (1958), and "The Crawling Hand" (1963).
He was a nephew of Anton Florian.
The song "Garota de Ipanema" has been recorded over 240 times by other artists.
Crazy Affairs is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst.
Al- Wathiq named him governor of the Yemen in 843/ 4.
Its athletic teams are known as the Vikings, which compete in division II of the National Collegiate Athletic Association.
The director died during the shoot of his film" Stary człowiek i pies The Old Man and the Dog") in 2007.
After her total defeat in the Battle of Hönnepel on 24 March 1379, Mathilde renounced her claim to Guelders and Zutphen.
She is the daughter of novelist J. G. Ballard.
Harold Waldwin Percival (15 April 1868 - 6 March 1953) was a philosopher and writer, best known for "Thinking and Destiny", in print since 1946.
Robin Kačaniklić( born 25 August 1988) is a Swedish footballer of Serbian and Macedonian descent who plays for Real Åstorp FF as a Midfielder.
After acting in several of Jacques Demy ’s films, including" A Slightly Pregnant Man" and" La Naissance du Jour", Marshall cites to have taken influence from his direction in the sense of creating whimsical atmospheres and rooting the stories with more of a female- centric narrative.
Sebastián de Perea or Sebastián de Pesca( died 20 Sep 1607) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Seville( 1587– 1607).
John Aubrey Allen( born 19 July 1974 in Windsor, New South Wales) is an Australian- born first- class cricketer who played for Oxford University Cricket Club.
Heroes of the Atlantic is a 1941 15- minute Canadian short documentary film, part of the" Canada Carries On" series of wartime films by the National Film Board of Canada( NFB), produced for the Office of Public Information.
His brother was convicted of receiving stolen goods, and was sentenced to ten years.
He was nominated Archbishop of Bordeaux by King Louis XV on 26 December 1769, and his bulls were granted by Pope Clement XIV in the Consistory of 29 January 1770.
All in all, he directed sixty-two films.
Fadl began his career in the reign of Harun al- Rashid( r. 786–809) as a retainer of Harthama ibn A'yan, at the time head of the caliphal bodyguard.
"Fuego" is a song by Greek singer Eleni Foureira.
He was born in Vienna on 11 February 1888.
Kill!
It stars Patrick Dempsey and Ben Kingsley.
He was the fourth and second surviving son of Duke Bolesław III Wrymouth of Poland, by his second wife Salomea, daughter of the German count Henry of Berg- Schelklingen.
The House of Sisowath is one of the two royal houses of Cambodia, alongside its counterpart, the House of Norodom.
The film explores the lives of these children, who are shown fighting, abusing themselves, and becoming addicted to Aurolac.
Seigneur of Dampierre, Saint- Dizier, and Moëlain.
She had studied with Franz Boas and specialized in the Pueblo Indians.
The university is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and currently has a student body of about 12,000.
Along with Walter Koppel he founded the Hamburg-based studio Real Film in 1947.
His films contain overlapping continuity( i.e., characters cross over from film to film), lush musical scores( typically composed by Michel Legrand) and motifs like teenaged love, labor rights, incest, and the intersection between dreams and reality.
In his 5 first- class matches, he scored 45 runs at a batting average of 9.00, with a high score of 12*.
Toe Naing Mann is a key advisor for the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw's Commission for the Assessment of Legal Affairs and Special Issues.
Blue Hill is a census- designated place( CDP) in the town of Blue Hill in Hancock County, Maine, United States.
Yakub Guznej or Jakub Guzney( born 1892 in the Russian Empire-?) was a Belarusian socio-political and military leader.
Although nominally a Platonist, he is really an Eclectic and one of the precursors of Neoplatonism.
He married Elizabeth le Despenser, daughter of Edward le Despencer, 1st Baron le Despencer( Despenser), by Elizabeth Burghersh, daughter and heiress of Bartholomew de Burghersh, 2nd Baron Burghersh.
Currently, Mornington is a partner of private equity investor Oakley Capital since 2016.
It was promoted by a number of live performances in 2015 and 2016.
Her home is a stop on the Boston Women's Heritage Trail.
Baron St John of Bletso
The film was the first collaboration of the award- winning actress Nora Aunor and the award- winning director Mes de Guzman.
It was sent as India's official entry for the Best Foreign Language Film for the Academy Awards in 2011 but was not nominated.
He also appeared in 23 films between 1914 and 1934.
Set in Morocco, and based on a novel by the French writer Francis D'Autheville, it tells of a love triangle.
Richard Cory- Wright gained the rank of Lieutenant in the Leicestershire and Derbyshire Yeomanry.
It began publishing in March 2005.
This movie was a big commercial success.
In addition, he was a veteran of the Vermont militia, and held the law enforcement posts of town constable and county deputy sheriff.
He succeeded his father as Count of Nassau- Saarbrücken in 1640.
8 July 1846, Neuilly-sur-Seine, Île-de-France, Kingdom of the French – 3 June 1927, Alcsút, Hungary) was a Princess of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha by birth and an Archduchess of Austria through her marriage to Archduke Joseph Karl of Austria.
Both companies will continue to operate separately until the transaction closes.
He was one of the most prolific authors of" fu" poetry of his time.
Sofie Podlipská mostly wrote historical novels, juvenile works, and feminist literature.
The series is now also translated into 15 languages.
Richard Taehoon Lee( born October 29, 1990) is a Canadian professional golfer who plays on the Asian Tour.
More on.>
He married D. Isabel Colón's sister- in- law.
En el nombre del hijo(" In the Name of the Son") is a 1987 Argentine drama film written and directed by Jorge Polaco.
Harun's life and court have been the subject of many other tales, both factual and fictitious.
The official name of" The Pledge of Allegiance" was adopted in 1945.
The Vamps and composer Jasleen Royal also contributed to the music.
He married his cousin, Louise de Bourbon, Duchess of Montpensier, eldest daughter of Gilbert of Bourbon, Count of Montpensier and Clara Gonzaga, on 21 March 1504, by whom he had three children.
He was born at Gosport, Hampshire, England, to Henry Edward Goldfinch, a lieutenant in the Royal Navy, and Elizabeth Maria," née" King.
He wrote for 86 films between 1932 and 1967.
His other acting roles include parts in" Summer of Sam The Trouble with Cali" and" Once Upon a Time in Queens".
Glen Campbell recorded the song on his 1989 gospel album" Favorite Hymns".
Sir Thomas Mowbray, 4th Earl of Norfolk, Earl of Nottingham, Earl Marshal, Lord Mowbray, Segrave, and Gower.
The album was released under an open source licence— the band uploaded the master tapes online for anyone to use.
He was the 698th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria.
James Robert Jarmusch( born January 22, 1953) is an American film director, screenwriter, actor, producer, editor, and composer.
Fort Albany Airport,, is located adjacent to Fort Albany, Ontario, Canada.
Lisa Karolina Viktoria Dahlkvist (born 6 February 1987) is a Swedish professional football midfielder who plays for Eskilstuna United and the Sweden national team.
He was the oldest son of Yeshaq I.
He held the office of Lord Commissioner of Treasury for Scotland from 1705 until 1708.
After the death of her mother, Charles remarried for the last time to Elizabeth of Pomerania.
Albert Thompson( born 1912, date of death unknown) was a Welsh footballer.
Following King Peter
It stars Otomar Korbelář, Antonín Novotný, and Raoul Schránil.
Raymond Leboursier (22 May 1917 – 26 July 1987) was a French film editor, film director, actor, and screenwriter.
Wyndham Goold( 1812-1854) was a Member of Parliament( MP) for County Limerick from 1850 to 1854.
Her UK success saw her win an Ivor Novello Award from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors when she received the Special International Award in 2008.
Among his company of actors were Harriet and Bibi Andersson, Liv Ullmann, Gunnar Björnstrand, Erland Josephson, Ingrid Thulin and Max von Sydow.
Jesús Alejandro Gómez Molina( born 2002) is a Mexican footballer that currently plays for Atlas F.C. as a center back.
Hip Hop Songs charts.
The Northern Men's League for Women's Suffrage was an organisation which was active in Scotland during the later part of the campaign for women's suffrage.
Archduchess Maria Carolina of Austria (
The magazine was published between 1892 and 2001.
From 1951 to 1953, he served in the United States Army Signal Corps.
Starting his career as an actor, he worked with the director André Antoine at the Théâtre Libre and the Odéon.
Teenagers from Outer Space( a.k.a. The Gargon Terror( UK title), The Boy from Outer Space, and originally titled The Ray Gun Terror) is a 1959 independently made American black- and- white science fiction film released by Warner Bros.
Other supporting roles are played by Colin Farrell, Robert Duvall, and child actor Jack Nation.
He also has studied neuroscience at the University of Vienna and graduated from the neurosurgical department at the Free University of Berlin ’s Steglitz Clinic.
He took Lincoln Castle in 1141, which was retaken by Stephen in a siege in which Ranulf was forced to flee for his life.
The Fighting Sap is a 1924 American silent western film directed by Albert S. Rogell and starring Fred Thomson, Hazel Keener and Wilfred Lucas.
Born John Hume Cust, he was the eldest son of John Cust, 1st Earl Brownlow by his first wife Sophia Hume, daughter of Sir Abraham Hume, 2nd Baronet and Lady Amelia Egerton, great- granddaughter of John Egerton, 3rd Earl of Bridgewater.
He married Elizabeth Lindsay, daughter of John Lindsay, 17th Earl of Crawford and Lady Margaret Hamilton, on 2 September 1669 and had two children:
Otto, Lord of Lippe was the ruling Count of Lippe- Lemgo from 1344 until his death.
It was part of the series of" Josser" films featuring Lotinga.
Lessey was born in Amherst, Massachusetts, and as a boy he acted in theatrical productions there.
Antiochus X did not enjoy a stable reign as he had to face three of Seleucus VI's brothers,
He was born in Ilkeston, Derbyshire.
The law makes no statement of what language the pledge must be recited in, but the pledge is written( and therefore recited) in Filipino.
An Atlanta radio station gathered musicians for" A Great Day in Doo- Wop."
Euphonik, whose real name is Themba Mbongeni Nkosi( born 6 December 1983), is a South African DJ, music producer, and radio presenter.
He directed the controversial film" Go West" and the short film" 10 Minutes".
During his reign, the Reformation was introduced in Lippe.
He is most widely remembered for his 1968 film" if...", which won the" Palme d' Or" at Cannes Film Festival in 1969 and marked Malcolm McDowell's cinematic debut.
Since he was manumitted as a term of Publius's will, he is by Roman custom likely to have taken the name Publius Licinius Apollonius as a freedman.
Both open and closed Roman Catholic churches are included.
He is the father of actors Mira Sorvino and Michael Sorvino.
Louis de Luxembourg, Count of Saint-Pol, of Brienne, de Ligny, and Conversano (1418 – 19 December 1475) belonged to the Ligny branch of the House of Luxemburg and was Constable of France.
Shot during and in the wake of the Zimbabwean presidential election, 2008 and the country's economic meltdown by an American, Zimbabwean and Jamaican team, the film unfolds against the backdrop of enormous political tension and the daily struggle to find a bank that actually had cash, to buy food although the store shelves were empty, and to navigate streets pocked with wheelchair-mangling potholes.
He was the fourth son of James the Gross, 7th Earl of Douglas and his wife Beatrice, daughter of Henry II Sinclair, Earl of Orkney.
Rodríguez's most renowned international film is "Tizoc", in which Pedro Infante starred alongside María Félix.
Jacques Rivette (1 March 1928 – 29 January 2016) was a French film director and film critic most commonly associated with the French New Wave and the film magazine "Cahiers du Cinéma".
Despite the fact that Andrew did not stop conspiring against Emeric, the dying king made Andrew guardian of his son, Ladislaus III, in 1204.
The film was released on June 6, 1954 by Allied Artists and is the thirty-fourth film in the series.
A priest in the Church of England, Gray was rector at Aston Flamville and later Burbage.
However, because the boy's father wrongfully received a dishonorable discharge after World War I, his father cannot join the Legion and in turn his son cannot join the squadron.
The Movie, is a 2007 comedy film directed by Brit McAdams, and written by Brit McAdams and Katt Williams.
Panday or Ang Panday may refer to:
Marie (by marriage Duchess of Mecklenburg-Strelitz), Magdalene, Sophie (by marriage Duchess of Württemberg-Oels), Charles, Hereditary Prince of Mecklenburg-Güstrow, Hedwig (by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Merseburg-Zörbig), Louise (by marriage Queen of Denmark and Norway), Elisabeth (by marriage Duchess of Saxe-Merseburg-Spremberg) and Augusta.
She was the eldest daughter and heiress of Otto IV, Count of Burgundy, and Mahaut, Countess of Artois.
He was one of the major figures of the Black Wave in Yugoslav cinema in 1960s, a movement which portrayed the darker side of life rather than the shiny facades of communist Yugoslavia.
Richard Young( October 17, 1939 – December 15, 2010) was a cinematographer and film director who was born in Penfield, New York, United States.
Scroop Egerton, 1st Duke of Bridgewater( 11 August 1681 – 11 January 1744), known as Viscount Brackley from 1687 to 1701 and as the 4th Earl of Bridgewater from 1701 to 1720, was a British peer, courtier and pioneering landowner.
Like others in this generation, and in contrast with earlier Chinese filmmakers who produced mostly historical drama, Wang proposed a “new urban Chinese cinema [that] has been mainly concerned with bearing witness of a fast- paced transforming China and producing a localized critique of globalization.”
Margaret spent much of her childhood with her parents and sister.
He was made an ensign in the 1st Regiment of Foot Guards in November 1734, and succeeded his father on 17 August 1736 as 4th Earl of Berkeley, 12th Baron Berkeley and 4th Viscount Dursley.
It was followed by a 2001 sequel, .
It notes after the transfer from Poland Bibikov: "I will finally not be obstacle I see and to the intentions of the managers fate Polish".
His other feature film credits are" I Come in Peace"( 1990)," Stone Cold"( 1991) and" Sniper 2"( 2003).
George Grenfell( 21 August 1849, in Sancreed, Cornwall – 1 July 1906, in Basoko, Congo Free State[ now the Democratic Republic of the Congo]) was a Cornish missionary and explorer.
The club was previously known as the Chicago Spurs of the National Professional Soccer League but were relocated to Kansas City following the merger of the NPSL and the United Soccer Association to form the NASL in 1967.
His first major role was in the film" Safety Not Guaranteed"( 2012), which was followed by starring roles on the series" Betas"( 2013) and" Other Space"( 2015).
As a result, Gerhard ruled the largest part of Mark, but was to be succeeded by his nephew John.
The Companion is a 2005 film.
Albert Lewin (September 23, 1894 – May 9, 1968) was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter.
" Prisoner of Paradise" received mostly positive reviews, and was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 75th Academy Awards.
(throne name Adyam Sagad, Ge'ez: አድያም ሰገድ, "to whom the confines of the earth bow"), (1654 – 13 October 1706)
He has also wrestled for AAA, the short-lived Wrestling Society X, Jersey All Pro Wrestling, and Dragon Gate USA.
Convicted Woman( 1940) is a crime movie starring Rochelle Hudson and directed by Nick Grinde.
" (2014), Will Stacks in "Annie" (2014), and gangster Bats / Leon Jefferson III in "Baby Driver" (2017).
He later fought in the First World War, where he was wounded, captured, and held as a Prisoner of War, and resigned from the army as a major.
He was High Sheriff of Bedfordshire in 1585.
He was the father of Acrotatus I, the father of Areus I, and of Cleonymus, the father of Leonidas II.
They had one son: Albert IV.
He was succeeded in his position by another natural-born noble, Gaspar of Braganza, Archbishop of Braga, son of his half-brother John V of Portugal.
He was a member of the Slutsk Defence Action in 1920, and commander of the first company in the First Brigade of the Army for the Belarusian People's Republic.
Sir Arthur Cory- Wright died on 21 April 1951, aged 81.
In 1492, she witnessed the regained independence of Guelders under her nephew Charles II, Duke of Guelders .< br>
Friedman began his career as an assistant director, before enlisting for military service following America's entry into World War II.
Robert Adolf Stemmle( 10 June 1903 – 24 February 1974) was a German screenwriter and film director.
The couple had one son Edmund, who became Edmund de Ferrers, 5th Baron Ferrers of Chartley upon the death of his father around 1412, and one daughter Philippe, who married Sir Thomas Greene, Sheriff of Northamptonshire( 10 February 1399 – 18 January 1462), by whom she was the grandmother of Sir Thomas Green.
Herod possibly married her as a part of a political alliance.
It was the fourth film in a series, and was preceded by" The Vengeance of Fu Manchu The Castle of Fu Manchu" followed in 1969.
Other cast includes Vindu Dara Singh, Upasna Singh and Hiten Paintal in supporting roles.
It is the sequel to the 2012 film "The Man with the Iron Fists".
He served for two five-year terms before retiring in 1993.
Atias' new project in 2010 had him singing lead vocals for Zadik, a reggae band that incorporates traditional Jewish prayers.
However, as he was still a minor at the time, he stood under the regency of his mother.
He directed 29 films between 1920 and 1934, and produced 11 films before that.
Albert and supporting actor William Tracy reprised their roles in the stage productions.
He was also Duke of Algete, Marquis of Alcañices, los Balbases, Cadreita, Cuéllar, Cullera, and Montaos, Count of Fuensaldaña, Grajal, Huelma, Ledesma, la Torre, Villanueva de Cañedo, and Villaumbrosa.
A half-brother (born after his father married Brigitte Saucier) was François Chouteau, who established a trading post and was one of the first settlers of Kansas City, Missouri.
The film was released on November 30, 1999 on VHS and May 2, 2000 for DVD.
formally Empress Xuanmu (宣穆皇后) as honored by Later Tang, semi-formally known as Empress Jishan (積善皇后) (after the palace she resided in, Jishan Palace), was the wife of Emperor Zhaozong of Tang
He died in Breslau.
During World War I, he was designated a Lieutenant-Colonel in the Royal Army Medical Corps; he was knighted in the 1917 New Year Honours, and after the war he was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in recognition of his war service.
Guglielmo Gonzaga (24 April 1538 – 14 August 1587) was Duke of Mantua from 1550 to 1587, and of Montferrat from 1574 to 1587.
Shyam Ramsay was considered the main artist and head of this group.
Her niece Radhikabai was married to Vishwasrao.
The Sun King surrounded himself with a dazzling constellation of political, military, and cultural figures such as Mazarin, Colbert, Louvois, the Grand Condé, Turenne, Vauban, Boulle, Molière, Racine, Boileau, La Fontaine, Lully, Charpentier, Marais, Le Brun, Rigaud, Bossuet, Le Vau, Mansart, Charles, Claude Perrault, and Le Nôtre.
" The Darling of Paris" was later re-edited from six to five reels and re-released by Fox on February 16, 1919.
In 2013, his song with South African DJ, DJ Fresh and Nyanda," Cool and Deadly", rose to number one on the 5 FM Top 40.
Al- Mu'ayyad( died 866) was the third son of the Abbasid caliph, al- Mutawakkil and the brother of al- Muntasir and al- Mu'tazz, who both would eventually become Caliphs as well.
He Comes Up Smiling is a 1918 American comedy film produced by and starring Douglas Fairbanks and directed by Allan Dwan.
is the sixth studio album by Australian psychedelic rock band King Gizzard& the Lizard Wizard.
He is a native of Pancharamukku near Chavakkad in Thrissur district, Kerala.
They had one son, James, who succeeded him as Earl of Castlehaven.
Many artists covered songs Williams wrote and recorded.
His command positions were substantive appointments rather than honorary, and he saw service in the Balkan Wars.
Beni Veras died in Fortaleza on November 6, 2015, at the age of 80.
While Bockerer and his wife survive the war unscathed, their son joins the SA but, after some internal intrigue, is sent to the front and killed.
When the latter died in 1637, Charles's eight- year- old son, Charles II, became Duke of Mantua, his widow Maria acting as regent.
The film, distributed by United Artists, stars Robert De Niro as Jake LaMotta, an Italian-American middleweight boxer whose self-destructive and obsessive rage, sexual jealousy, and animalistic appetite destroyed his relationship with his wife and family.
The film was released on YouTube and Steam on 14 June 2017.
To facilitate open access such repositories must be interoperable according to the Open Archives Initiative Protocol for Metadata Harvesting( OAI- PMH).
His eldest son Oliver inherited the Barony and became Earl of Bolingbroke.
Princess Thyra of Denmark,,( 29 September 1853 – 26 February 1933, in Gmunden) was the youngest daughter and fifth child of Christian IX of Denmark and Louise of Hesse- Kassel.
A number of annals record the death of his brother Cellach in 666 however during the plague years.
Augustus Henry Seward( October 1, 1826 – September 11, 1876) was the son of William H. Seward and Frances Adeline Seward.
Atias performed with The Wailers, which had been the backing band for Bob Marley, on and off from 1997 to 2010.
Ernesto Tamariz Galicia( 11 January 1904 – 30 September 1988) was a 20th- century Mexican sculptor specialized in public monuments, religious statues and funerary art.
He was captain general of the Kingdom of Granada and captain general of the coast of Andalusia.
It peaked at No. 12 on the ARIA Albums Chart after being re-released on vinyl in November 2018.
Più bello di così si muore is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile and starring Enrico Montesano, Monica Guerritore and Ida Di Benedetto.
The Star of Valencia is a 1933 German drama film directed by Alfred Zeisler and starring Liane Haid, Peter Erkelenz and Ossi Oswalda.
This act essentially made the Douro the world's first regional appellation.
Made on a budget of less than$ 1 million and given a limited release, the film brought in strong box office receipts, grossing over$ 2.3 million.
Reinald IV, Duke of Guelders and Jülich aka Reginald IV (– 25 June 1423) was the son of William II, Duke of Jülich and Maria of Guelders, daughter of Reinald II, Duke of Guelders.
In 1660, Gustav Adolf and his brothers John Louis and Walrad divided the territory and Gustav Adolf took up the reign of the counties of Saarbrücken and Saarwerden.
In 1942, Korda became the first filmmaker to receive a knighthood.
In the mid 1970s, Ballard published several novels, among them the highly controversial "Crash" (1973), a story about symphorophilia and car crash fetishism, and "High-Rise" (1975), a depiction of a luxury apartment building's descent into violent chaos.
María Rosa Luna Henson or" Lola RosaGrandma Rosa")( 1927–1997) was the first Filipina who made public in 1992 her story as a comfort woman( military sex slave) for the Imperial Japanese Army during the Second World War.
His only known paternal half- brother was Richard Grey, 3rd Earl of Kent.
He is best known for his appearances in the 1980s Steven Spielberg productions of" Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom" and" The Goonies".
It won 6 awards at the 14th Golden Horse Awards, including Best Film and Best Director( Chang Tseng- tse).
Catalino Ortiz Brocka( April 3, 1939 – May 22, 1991) was a Filipino film director.
The Mobile and Ohio Railroad was a railroad in the Southern U.S. The M&O was chartered in January and February 1848 by the states of Alabama, Kentucky, Mississippi, and Tennessee.
He spent time as a member of bands such as Alison Krauss& Union Station, Mountain Heart, Lonesome River Band, The Dan Tyminski Band, The Boxcars, and the Isaacs.
On 8 January 1968, Missoffe was forced by students at the Paris West University Nanterre La Défense to abandon the inauguration of a campus swimming pool.
Sullivan succeeded W. Ralph Basham and was sworn in as the 22nd Director of the Secret Service on May 31, 2006.
אורה הרצוג born December 24, 1924) is a social activist and the widow of Chaim Herzog, sixth president of the State of Israel.
Hutchinson and Cowley soon joined the production as co-producers.
The Bottom of the Bottle is a 1956 CinemaScope American drama film based on the novel written by Georges Simenon during his stay in Nogales, Arizona.
The Marquess is said to have often consulted the Confucian scholar Zixia as well as Tian Zifang and Duangan Mu among others.
A list of films produced in Turkmenistan.
He received average grades, but displayed a keen interest in literature, photography, and film from a young age, and taught himself all aspects of film production and directing after graduating from high school.
Most of the Cornwall ironworks fell out of family hands during the period 1783 - 1802, to Robert Coleman who became Pennsylvania's first millionaire.
He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
The Phantom is a 1996 Australian- American superhero film directed by Simon Wincer.
His mother was the eldest daughter of John VII of Harcourt, Count of Harcourt and Aumale.
Ang Kwento Ni Mabuti( lit:" The Story of Mabuti") is a 2013 Filipino drama film and the official entry to the first CineFilipino Film Festival.
This was followed by two collaborations with Kirk Douglas, the war picture "Paths of Glory" (1957) and the historical epic "Spartacus" (1960).
Three Live Ghosts is a 1936 American comedy film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and written by Frederic S. Isham and C. Gardner Sullivan.
The Girl from Monterrey is a 1943 American film directed by Wallace Fox starring Armida Vendrell as PRCs version of the Mexican Spitfire.
The film was also selected for screening by the 2009 Modesto Reel Food Film Festival in California, the 2009 Colorado Environmental Film Festival in Golden, Colorado, and the 2011 9th Annual Wild and Scenic Film Festival in Nevada City, California.
When Richard died childless, Henry inherited the title of Earl of Kent and what was left of the associated property.
Both boys were buried on 14 April 1687 at Little Gaddesden, Hertfordshire.
" Oh, Boy!" is a song written by Sonny West, Bill Tilghman and Norman Petty.
Sophie, Hereditary Princess of Liechtenstein( born Duchess Sophie in Bavaria; 28 October 1967 in Munich), is the wife of Alois, Hereditary Prince and Regent of Liechtenstein.
William Chopin was convicted of uttering forged notes, and received a sentence of twenty years.
Rising to power through his influence with the Liberal grassroots organisation, he served as President of the Board of Trade in Gladstone's Second Government (1880–85).
English lyrics were later added by Ray Gilbert.
Mingus' compositions continue to be played by contemporary musicians ranging from the repertory bands Mingus Big Band, Mingus Dynasty, and Mingus Orchestra, to the high school students who play the charts and compete in the Charles Mingus High School Competition.
Childebert was a son of the Mayor of the Palace Grimoald the Elder.
Magrib" was his first film venture.
Both of them were printed in Olomouc.
Through his company, he wrote several educational books, including" Bring Out Your Dead: Recreating the Black Death in the Classroom Mouldering in the Grave: A Dramatic Approach to Teaching About John Brown" and" The Constitution: A Cooperative Learning Approach".
Following a rule change regarding X Factor contestants, it was pulled from iTunes but early sales enabled it to finish at number 11 for the week.
Dover High School is a high school located in Dover, Delaware.
It offers a different track list than the film.
She was the maternal grandmother of King Henry V.
She and her husband are the most recent common ancestors of all currently reigning monarchs in Europe.
She is recognized as the mother who inspired Mother's Day and as a founder of Mother's Day movements, and her daughter, Anna Marie Jarvis (1864–1948), is recognized as the founder of the Mother's Day holiday in the United States.
However, historians argue that Pombal's implementation of the ideas of the" Enlightenment", while far- reaching, was primarily a mechanism for enhancing autocracy at the expense of individual liberty.
During her brother's reign she recorded in her diary and letters increasing concern about his rule.
She has published two novels," A Paris Apartment" in 2014 and" I'll See You in Paris" in 2016, the former of which has appeared on" The New York Times" Best Seller List.
Jean Day( born in 1954), is an American poet.
Harrison and Barrison (Hungarian: Harrison és Barrison) is a 1917 Hungarian silent comedy film directed by Alexander Korda and starring Márton Rátkai, Dezsõ Gyárfás and Nusi Somogyi.
He studied at Manchester University for two years from 1934.
His other roles include Michèle Mercier's husband in the" Angélique" series, a gunfighter in the Spaghetti Western" Cemetery Without Crosses"( which he also directed and co-wrote), and a Catholic priest who falls in love with Claude Jade and becomes a communist in" Forbidden Priests".
The Mills of Power  is a Canadian television miniseries, directed by Claude Fournier.
He installed his court at Bouillon and died on Christmas Eve 1069.
Elke Büdenbender( born 14 January 1962) is a German judge, and, since 1995, the wife of Frank- Walter Steinmeier, the current President of Germany.
The Rest Is Silence" was entered into the 9th Berlin International Film Festival.
Hugh Percy, 3rd Duke of Northumberland( 20 April 178511 February 1847), styled Earl Percy until 1817, was a British aristocrat and Tory politician who served as Lord Lieutenant of Ireland under the Duke of Wellington from 1829 to 1830.
With the support of the powerful chief "qādī", Ahmad ibn Abi Duwad, he continued to implement the rationalist Islamic doctrine of Mu'tazilism and the persecution of its opponents through the inquisition ("miḥna").
He was a Fellow of both the Royal College of Physicians and the Royal College of Surgeons.
His son is writer and director Charles Shyer.
On November 10/17 1128 in Saldaña, Berengaria married Alfonso VII, King of Castile, León and Galicia.
She was a member of the House of Piast.
Starting in 1967, Lennon's lyrics began to espouse a pacifist message, and some of his songs were soon adopted as anthems by the anti-war movement and the larger counterculture.
Saif ad- Din had first to fight to secure his position in Mosul.
Antonio Campos (born March 8, 1973) is an American musician.
She was the First Lady of the United States from 1923 to 1929 and the Second Lady of the United States from 1921 to 1923.
He was the son of William ap Thomas, founder of Raglan Castle, and Gwladys ferch Dafydd Gam, and grandson of Dafydd Gam, an adherent of King Henry V of England.
Released two years after Dean's death, the Warner Bros.
The Black Duke is a 1963 Italian historical adventure film directed by Pino Mercanti.
The album cover is an homage to The Kinks' 1965 album" The Kink Kontroversy".
Peter Jr. The brothers operated the Cornwall Ironworks, making significant contributions to the American Revolutionary War effort, and Curtis served several terms in the Pennsylvania Provincial Assembly.
Apart from these, he has also directed Patiala Dreamz, this is a Punjabi film.
Her given name(" ism") is unknown.
Cretton based" Short Term 12" on his own experience working in a group facility for teenagers.
Belzberg and her cameraman, Wolfgang Held, maintain their distance as the kids panhandle, fight and sleep on cardboard boxes, either on the train platforms or the public parks above ground, watching dispassionately as the youngsters inhale Aurolac, a noxious silver paint with intoxicating fumes, from plastic bags.
It was released in China on February 5, 2019, the Chinese New Year.
The original songs and background score were composed by Jakes Bejoy.
When he died in 1574, Nassau-Saarbrücken fell to Nassau-Weilburg.
Solan was born in Banská Bystrica.
The Decemberists, and the first released from their fourth studio album," The Crane Wife".
Beginning as a child star in the 1890s, Elsie built her reputation in several successful Edwardian musical comedies before her great success in" The Merry Widow", opening in 1907.
He is most known for directing" Afterschool"( 2008)," Simon Killer"( 2012) and" Christine"( 2016).
Atom Egoyan,( born July 19, 1960) is a Canadian stage and film director, writer, and producer.
Louis François de Bourbon, or Louis François I, Prince of Conti( 13 August 1717 – 2 August 1776), was a French nobleman, who was the Prince of Conti from 1727 to his death, following his father, Louis Armand II de Bourbon.
The ensemble cast includes Mohanlal, Prabhu Ganesan, Tabu, Amrish Puri, Nedumudi Venu, Sreenivasan, Tinnu Anand, Annu Kapoor, Alex Draper, Sankaradi, and Vineeth.
Brown Cyclopaedia is the debut album of Pelt, released in 1995 through Radioactive Rat Records.
The film is inspired by British romantic movie" Notting Hill".
It was later proven that the Italian Montferrat had no living male heirs of the Aleramici dynasty, and Eirene's sons were entitled to inherit it upon the 1305 death of Eirene's brother John I, Marquess of Montferrat.
However, during the months he stays in the town, Henry is forced to confront his unresolved feelings for his high school friend Dean Stewart, while simultaneously being oblivious to the feelings of Pike Dexter( Eric Schweig), the shy Native American owner of the town's general store.
WWU offers a variety of bachelor's and master's degrees.
He was the favorite brother of the Empress Elisabeth of Austria, and father of Queen Elisabeth of the Belgians.
On the death of his father, James Fitz- James Stuart, in 1738, he inherited his titles of Duke of Berwick and Duke of Liria and Xerica( he also possessed many other titles in both Spain and England.)
Following Henry's death, his brother Waleran II succeeded him.
The film was released on October 29, 1914, by Paramount Pictures.
As the State of Wei underwent these reforms it became rich and powerful.
Harald Sicheritz (born 25 June 1958 in Stockholm, Sweden) is an Austrian screenwriter and film director.
In 2006, she became the first female All Round Danish Champion.
Luis Francisco de la Cerda y Aragón, 9th Duke of Medinaceli( 2 August 1660, in El Puerto de Santa María – 26 January 1711, in Pamplona), 9th Duke of Medinaceli, was a Spanish noble and politician.
Shannah Trailor( born 1983) is an African- American author who was born in Chicago.
She was the mother-in-law of Felix Yusupov and a cousin of Grand Duke Dmitri Pavlovich of Russia who, together, killed Grigori Rasputin, holy healer to her nephew, the haemophiliac Tsarevich Alexei Nikolaevich of Russia.
The duo hoped to profit from New Zealand's expanding film and television industries during the 1970s.
Frances Carr, Countess of Somerset (31 May 1590 – 23 August 1632), born Frances Howard, was an English noblewoman who was the central figure in a famous scandal and murder during the reign of King James I. She was found guilty but spared execution, and was eventually pardoned by the King and released from the Tower of London in early 1622.
Bibikov came from an old noble family; Field Marshal Mikhail Kutuzov was his brother-in-law.
Annis is also a cat lover and breeder of Persian cats which he has used sometimes in storylines and brought with him to matches.
More recently, the song was recorded by Peter Himmelstrand and released in 1978.
Eleanor Percy, Duchess of Northumberland( 1820–1911) was the wife of Algernon Percy, 4th Duke of Northumberland.
Company of Strangers may refer to:
There's No Tomorrow (French:
al- Habib's nationality is not clear with sources claiming he may be Egyptian or Moroccan.
They had at least one son, Frederick Augustus, 5th Earl of Berkeley, and a daughter, Elizabeth Craven.
Annie Laurie is a 1916 British silent romance film directed by Cecil Hepworth and starring Alma Taylor, Stewart Rome and Lionelle Howard.
He was part of a loosely- affiliated group of filmmakers to emerge in the 1980s from Toronto known as the Toronto New Wave.
Bog was married to the women's studies
All About My Mother is a 1999 Spanish drama film written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar, and starring Cecilia Roth, Marisa Paredes, Antonia San Juan, Penélope Cruz and Candela Peña.
He was survived by a daughter Debbie (DB) Boyko and son Lee Boyko, both of whom work in the cultural sector.
In 1986, the visuals and background music were updated, while retaining the original narration by Richard L. Evans, who served as a member of the church's of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.
It is the sequel to the 2010 film" Montevideo, God Bless You!"
Duckett was a Royalist colonel in the English Civil War.
Man in a Shell is a 1939 Soviet drama film directed by Isidor Annensky.
A member of the Ui Fiachrach Aidhne and son of king Colmán mac Cobthaig (died 622).
Although devastated by his loss, he campaigned for Lincoln, who appointed him Secretary of State after winning the election.
Robert I de Brus, 1st Lord of Annandale( – 1141) was an early 12th century lord, the first of the Bruce dynasty to hold lands in Scotland.
He was known for portraying John Wilkes Booth in the silent classic "The Birth of a Nation" (1915) and for directing such films as "The Big Trail" (1930), starring John Wayne, "High Sierra" (1941), starring Ida Lupino and Humphrey Bogart; and "White Heat" (1949), starring James Cagney and Edmond O'Brien.
" By The Light of the Silvery Moon" or" By the Light of the Silv'ry Moon" is a popular song.
The tagline of the film is" Ordinary people can do extraordinary things.
Jonathan Luke
She was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth I. She and her first husband, Sir William Drury, entertained Queen Elizabeth I at Hawstead in 1578.
Song of Songs or The Song of Songs may also refer to:
Pierre Rehov is the pseudonym of a French – Israeli documentary filmmaker, director and novelist, most known for his movies about the Arab – Israeli conflict and Israeli – Palestinian conflict, its treatment in the media, and about terrorism.
After falling in love with Priya, he follows her to Singapore, where he takes on the persona of" Krrish" to keep his identity secret while saving children from a burning circus.
Tancred Ibsen( 11 July 1893 – 4 December 1978) was a Norwegian officer, pilot, film director, and screenwriter.
Numismatic evidence shows that AntiochusX was succeeded in Antioch by Demetrius III, who controlled the capital in SE (88/87 BC).
Khodahafez Rafigh is a 1970 Iranian film.
Beloved by Parisian neo-Surrealists known as Letterists, he was honored by Letterist Maurice Lemaitre with a 70-minute 1979 film entitled "Erich von Stroheim."
She was ranked both sixtieth and eighty-first in "Rolling Stone"
Thulasi is a 1987 Tamil romantic drama film directed by Ameerjan.
He is married and they have two children.
Guillermo García, is a Venezuelan actor.
He was the second son of Wenceslaus I of Legnica, by his wife Anna, daughter of Casimir I, Duke of Cieszyn.
She was the main author of" Ladies' Home Cook Book: A Complete Cook Book and Manual of Household Duties ... Compiled by Julia Mac Nair Wright, et al."( 532 pages).
Born in Salsomaggiore Terme, Bazzoni started as camera operator in 1960.
What is a Friend?,
The opening line of the song came from an experience where Kesha woke up surrounded by beautiful women, to which she imagined P. Diddy being in a similar scenario.
The Return of Bulldog Drummond is a 1934 British thriller film directed by Walter Summers and starring Ralph Richardson, Ann Todd and Claud Allister.
Veenhoven is the founding director of the World Database of Happiness and a founding editor of the" Journal of Happiness Studies".
He was the fourth of Wenceslaus I, Duke of Legnica, by his wife Anna, daughter of Casimir I, Duke of Cieszyn.
James Waddel Alexander( March 13, 1804 – July 31, 1859) was an American Presbyterian minister and theologian who followed in the footsteps of his father, Rev. Archibald Alexander.
In addition to directing many of his own star vehicles, Eastwood has also directed films in which he did not appear, such as the mystery drama" Mystic River"( 2003) and the war film" Letters from Iwo Jima"( 2006), for which he received Academy Award nominations, the drama" Changeling"( 2008), and the South African biographical political sports drama" Invictus"( 2009).
It is now considered lost.
He graduated in mathematics from St. Thomas College, Thrissur.
These roles, among others, have made Eastwood an enduring cultural icon of masculinity.
He made it mandatory to read the "Ruhnama" in schools, universities and governmental organizations, new governmental employees were tested on the book at job interviews and
Juliana was born in Stolberg as the daughter of Bodo VIII, Count of Stolberg-Wernigerode and Anna of Eppstein-Königstein.
Starting his career as a commercial artist, Ray was drawn into independent filmmaking after meeting French filmmaker Jean Renoir and viewing Vittorio De Sica's Italian neorealist film" Bicycle Thieves"( 1948) during a visit to London.
A playboy astrologer has to prove an alibi to police for a robbery five years before.
From 1714 until her death, she was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Caroline of Ansbach, Princess of Wales.
He led the traditional feuds of the House of Jülich and lost Kaiserswerth and Zülpich, among others.
Born in Mount Olive, Butler County, Alabama, Williams relocated to Georgiana with his family, where he met Rufus Payne, an African American blues musician, who gave him guitar lessons in exchange for meals or money.
By his third son, Patrick, he is the seventh great- grandfather of the 15th Earl of Northesk.
Julien Andrew Temple( born 26 November 1953) is an English film, documentary and music video director.
It won the Golden Leopard at the 1974 Locarno International Film Festival
Crime and Punishment is a 1956 French crime film based on the eponymous novel by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
In particular, praise went to its visual style, while criticism was levied at the plot, which some deemed" incomprehensible".
They are titled "The Lemon Grove KidsThe Lemon Grove Kids Meet the Green Grasshopper and the Vampire Lady from Outer Space", and "The Lemon Grove Kids Go Hollywood!".
He was the brother of producer Sid Rogell.
The population was 4,208 at the 2010 census.
He also appeared in other popular shows such as" Quincy, M.E. Hawaii Five- OMatlock" and" In the Heat of the Night".
The X- Men are comic book characters.
The "Historia Francorum Senonensis", written between 1015 and 1034, propagated the view that Charles was the rightful king in 987 and Hugh a usurper.
It was recorded by Minaj for the Young Money Entertainment compilation album  (2014).
He has directed eleven films since 1973.
He was the second of four sons born to German Prince Ludwig August of Saxe- Coburg and Gotha and Princess Leopoldina of Brazil.
He pitched all or part of eight seasons in the Major League Baseball between and.
The two married with on 19 June 1839, and subsequently had eleven children.
Marquette University  is a private Jesuit research university in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Their children included: British comedian and actor Alexander Armstrong is a direct descendant of Lord St John.
He was the drummer in'90s band Psychotica.
It stars Kamil Mackowiak, Karolina Gorczyca and Katarzyna Maciag.
Lewin was appointed head of the studio's script department and by the late 1920s was Irving Thalberg's personal assistant and closest associate.
The Secret of Blood is a 1953 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Martin Frič.
He then fought on the French side against Spain.
Charles served on the royal council of Dauphin Charles and in 1427 joined with Richemont and Yolande of Aragon in removing the Dauphin's unpopular favourite Pierre de Giac.
Otto IV, Prince of Anhalt- Bernburg( died 1 May 1415) was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the principality of Anhalt- Bernburg.
Born of the Egerton family, he succeeded as 4th Earl of Bridgewater in 1701, before being created" Duke of Bridgewater" on 18 June 1720, with subsidiary titles including" Marquess of Brackley".
Pauline Delpech is a writer and a French actress who was born in 1981.
Missouri became a state in 1821 and Benton won election as one of its inaugural pair of United States Senators.
a dark thriller set in the London Underground, which was a remake of the original French drama film "Metropolitan".
He began his career at the end of the Weimar Republic and had released his first major films in Nazi Germany.
In the film, a young couple embark on a voyage on a ketch named" Turtle".
It was shot in Technicolor and Techniscope, on- location in County Dublin, Ireland.
Additionally, two of the top 13 hits in the Hot 100's 57-year history were composed by her.
Directed by H. Bruce Humberstone, it was the first Tarzan film released in color, Eastman Color.
Their eldest son, John Peter died aged just three and St John was succeeded in the barony successively by his second son Henry and his third son St Andrew.
Sir William Courtenay, 1st Baronet (7 September 1628 – 1 August 1702) was an English politician.
He is a former teacher and rancher.
The novel was written by Gene Stratton Porter towards the end of her life, and the novel was published posthumously after a car accident.
Prince Christian of Hanover(" Christian Friedrich Wilhelm Georg Peter Waldemar Prinz von Hannover"; 4 July 1885 – 3 September 1901) was the second eldest son of Ernest Augustus, Crown Prince of Hanover( 1845 – 1923) and Princess Thyra of Denmark( 1853 – 1933), the youngest daughter of Christian IX of Denmark( 1818–1906) and Louise of Hesse- Kassel( 1817–1898).
Her father was the grandson of" le Grand Condé", while her mother, Louise Françoise de Bourbon, was the eldest surviving legitimised daughter of Louis XIV of France and his" maîtresse- en- titre", Madame de Montespan.
The plot follows a series of murders that occur over a weekend at a cheerleader camp during a competition.
The Soviet Black Sea Fleet during the first years of the Black Sea campaigns (1941–44) conducted raiding operations along the Western coast of the Black Sea aimed to disrupt Axis communications and supplies by sea.
Paget died in May 1873, aged 70.
The Bowery Boys Meet the Monsters is a 1954 comedy film starring The Bowery Boys.
Inc. Under his direction, Alla Nazimova rose to prominence as one of the greatest silent film stars in Hollywood.
Lisardo (born Lisardo Emilio Guarinos Riera in Valencia, Spain, on October 7, 1970)
Her health gradually deteriorated in the final two decades of her life.
two-tone Technicolor is now lost.
Where Do You Go may refer to:
Runaway was written by Bill True and won the Best Narrative Feature award at the 2005 Austin Film Festival.
Géza von Bolváry (full name Géza Maria von Bolváry-Zahn; 26 December 1897 – 10 August 1961) was a Hungarian actor, screenwriter and film director, who worked principally in Germany and Austria.
In 1972, he became professor of Architecture at Sheffield University where he founded the Design Teaching Partnership.
Gordon Douglas( December 15, 1907 – September 29, 1993) was an American film director, who directed many different genres of films over the course of a five- decade career in motion pictures.
A difference of+ 32.92 seconds off the gold.
When movies with sound became popular, Jaccard's career went downhill until he directed his last film, Señor Jim, in 1936.
Search engines harvest the content of open access repositories, constructing a database of worldwide, free of charge available research.
In 1942, Lewin began to direct.
The former railway station was added to the New South Wales State Heritage Register on 2 April 1999.
Based on Guillaume Musso's novel" Et après ...", the story tells of a workaholic lawyer who is told by a self- proclaimed visionary that he must try to prevent his imminent death.
Compass is a song written by Diane Warren and originally recorded by Australian singer Mark Vincent, the winner of the third series of "Australia's Got Talent", for his second studio album of the same name (2010).
Foxx became widely known for his portrayal of Ray Charles in the 2004 biographical film "Ray", for which he won the Academy Award, BAFTA, Screen Actors Guild Award, Critics' Choice Movie Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor.
He was succeeded by Julia Pierson on March 27, 2013.