Clio Goldsmith (born 16 June 1957) is a French former actress, appearing mostly as a Femme fatale in some films of the early 1980s. She is a member of the prominent Goldsmith family through her father ecologist Edward Goldsmith.
Stadio Ciro Vigorito (formerly Stadio Santa Colomba) is a multi-use stadium in Benevento, Italy. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Benevento Calcio. The stadium is able to hold 25,000 people and was opened in 1979.
Michel Sergent (born December 27, 1943) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Pas-de-Calais department. He is a member of the Socialist Party.
In response to North Korea's invasion into South Korea the United Nations convened to formulate a response. The U.N. demanded North Korea's immediate withdrawal and, when this was not met, United States Army General Douglas MacArthur was appointed supreme commander of U.N. forces. To halt the rapid progress of North Korean forces into the south Task Force Smith was deployed to the Korean front from Japan. Task Force Smith consisted of U.S. Army officers and regiments of the Army's 24th Infantry Division that were stationed in Japan as occupational forces. Unfortunately the 24th were under trained, poorly supplied, and outnumbered. The 24th offered very little resistance against the North Korean advance. American and South Korean troops were pushed south and in late July 1950 Task Force Smith was overrun in the city of Taejon. Troops from the Army's 25th Infantry Division were deployed to Taejon to establish a new line and pullout the decimated 24th I.D. This addition of combat troops did not stop the North Korean advance and both American and South Korean troops were pushed further south.
On March 30, 2015, it was announced that Beyoncé is a co-owner, with various other music artists, in the music streaming service Tidal. The service specialises in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Beyoncé's husband Jay Z acquired the parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. Including Beyoncé and Jay-Z, sixteen artist stakeholders (such as Kanye West, Rihanna, Madonna, Chris Martin, Nicki Minaj and more) co-own Tidal, with the majority owning a 3% equity stake. The idea of having an all artist owned streaming service was created by those involved to adapt to the increased demand for streaming within the current music industry, and to rival other streaming services such as Spotify, which have been criticised for their low payout of royalties. "The challenge is to get everyone to respect music again, to recognize its value", stated Jay-Z on the release of Tidal.
Georgia, formally the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic (Georgian SSR; ; ), was one of the republics of the Soviet Union from its inception in 1922 to its breakup in 1991. Coterminous with the present-day republic of Georgia, it was based on the traditional territory of Georgia, which had existed as a series of independent states in the Caucasus prior to annexation by the Russian Empire in 1801. Independent again as the Democratic Republic of Georgia in 1918, it was annexed by Soviet forces, who invaded it in 1921. The Georgian SSR was subsequently formed, though from 1922 until 1936 it was a part of the Transcaucasian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic, which existed as a union republic within the USSR. From November 18, 1989, the Georgian SSR declared its sovereignty over Soviet laws. The republic was renamed the Republic of Georgia on November 14, 1990, and subsequently became independent before the dissolution of the Soviet Union on April 9, 1991, whereupon each former SSR became a sovereign state.
Andries Bonger (20 May 1861 – 20 January 1936), nicknamed "Dries", was Johanna van Gogh-Bonger's favorite brother. Bonger was a friend of his future brother-in-law Theo van Gogh in Paris. It was through Andries that Johanna and Theo met. He also knew Vincent van Gogh who called him André in letters.
Capital punishment is a legal penalty in the United States, currently used by 31 states and the federal government. Its existence can be traced to the beginning of the American colonies. The United States is the only Western country currently applying the death penalty, one of 57 countries worldwide applying it, and was the first to develop lethal injection as a method of execution, which has since been adopted by five other countries.
The Kendawangan mine is a large mine located in Indonesia in the province of West Kalimantan. Kendawangan represents one of the largest bauxite reserve in Indonesia and one of the largest in Asia, having estimated reserves of 42 million tonnes.
Alexander Aris Myint San Aung (, ; born 12 April 1973) is an English civil rights activist. Alexander Aris is the elder son of Aung San Suu Kyi and Michael Aris. He is also a grandson of Aung San, who achieved the Independence Of Myanmar (although he was assassinated in 1947, one year before the Independence)
The 2010 Elazığ earthquake was a 6.1 M earthquake that occurred on 8 March 2010 at 02:32 UTC (04:32 local time). The epicentre was Başyurt in Elazığ Province, in eastern Turkey. Initial reports in global media said as many as 57 people had died. By 10 March, reports in the Turkish media placed the death toll at 41 and later, the death toll rose to 42. Another 74 were injured, many after falling and jumping from buildings. A stampede through the streets led to further injuries.
Wariri (Aymara "wari" vicuña, "-(i)ri" a suffix, Hispanicized spelling "Huarire", also "Huairire") is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about high. It is located in the Tacna Region, Tarata Province, Susapaya District. Wariri lies between the lake Wilaquta in the north and Ñiq'i Quta ("mud lake") in the south.
Lipps was one of the most influential German university professors of his time, attracting many students from other countries. Lipps was very concerned with conceptions of art and the aesthetic, focusing much of his philosophy around such issues. Among his fervent admirers was Sigmund Freud. Lipps then being the main supporter of the idea of the Unconscious. He adopted Robert Vischer's notions of empathy or esthetic sympathy (Einfühlung, literally translated to "feeling-into"). This concept of aesthetic resonance finds parallels throughout aesthetic philosophy. Late in life, Lipps adopted some ideas from Edmund Husserl. Disliking his psychologism, some of his students joined with some of Husserl's to form a new branch of philosophy called phenomenology of essences. Among them there was Moritz Geiger who wrote one of the first phenomenological essays on the essence and meaning of empathy in which the influence of Lipps is relevant.
Area code 780 is a telephone area code in the province of Alberta, encompassing the northern two - thirds of the province, including the Edmonton area. The code was established in 1999; prior to this date the entire province was served by the 403 area code. The 780 phone code started use on January 25, 1999. Permissive dialing of 403 continued throughout Alberta until May 18, 1999. Area code 780 is also the last new area code in Canada introduced by a split.
On April 4, it was reported that the Chinese government appeared to be running an anti-CNN website that criticizes the cable network’s coverage of recent events. The site claims to have been created by a Beijing citizen. However, foreign correspondents in Beijing voiced suspicions that Anti-cnn may be a semi-government-made website. A Chinese government spokesman insisted the site was spontaneously set up by a Chinese citizen angered over media coverage.
The Black Mask (published in some countries as Raffles: Further Adventures of the Amateur Cracksman) is the second collection of stories written by Ernest William Hornung in the A. J. Raffles series concerning a gentleman thief in late Victorian London. It was first published in 1901.
Al Markada (), also spelled Al Marked or Al Markad, is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE). Located in western Dubai in Bur Dubai, Al Markada is bordered to the north by Zabeel and Business Bay, to the south by Nad Al Sheba and Al Quoz and to the east by Bu Kadra. It is bounded to the north by route E 44 (Al Khail Road) and to the south by route D 69 (Muscat Road).
In 1978, five childhood friends win their junior high school basketball championship. Afterwards, they celebrate at a rented lake house. The friends' coach, whom they nickname ``Buzzer ''(Blake Clark), encourages them to live their lives in a similar way to how they played the game. Thirty years later, Lenny (Adam Sandler) has become an ambitious Hollywood talent agent with his wife, fashion designer Roxanne (Salma Hayek), and his three children -- daughter Becky (Alexys Nicole Sanchez) and two sons Greg (Jake Goldberg) and Keith (Cameron Boyce). The boys act very spoiled in his vicinity, much to his annoyance. Eric (Kevin James) claims he is now a co-owner of a lawn furniture company, but is disappointed in his wife Sally (Maria Bello) for continuing to breastfeed Bean (Morgan Gingerich), one of his two children, the other being Donna (Ada - Nicole Sanger). Kurt (Chris Rock) is a stay - at - home father with two children, Andre and Charlotte (Nadji Jeter and China Anne McClain). His wife Deanne (Maya Rudolph), the primary breadwinner of the family, is pregnant with another child and shares the house with her mother (Ebony Jo - Ann). Rob (Rob Schneider), nicknamed Carrot, has been divorced three times and holds custody of his daughters Jasmine, Amber, and Bridget (Madison Riley, Jamie Chung, and Ashley Loren). His current wife, Gloria (Joyce Van Patten), is 30 years older than him. Marcus (David Spade) is a slacker and lothario. All five friends regularly harass each other in comedic fashion throughout the film: Lenny for being rich, Eric for being overweight, Kurt for being skinny and useless, Rob for his continuous use of the joke`` Maize!'' and for having a much older wife, and Marcus for being sexually juvenile.
The Shannon Brook, a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment, is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
While the Lienz area was administrated with the Tyrolean crown land, the "inner county" of Gorizia remained an Imperial State of the Holy Roman Empire ruled by the Inner Austrian Archdukes as part of the Austrian Circle, governed by a "capitano". Its territory included the Isonzo Valley down to Aquileia, the area of Cormons and Duino, and the former Venetian fortress of Gradisca, which was conquered by Imperial troops in 1511. Monfalcone formed a Venetian exclave in the county from 1420 to 1797. In 1647 Emperor Ferdinand III separated the "Principality of Gradisca" from Gorizia for his courtier Johann Anton von Eggenberg, until in 1747 both were again merged to form the Princely County of Gorizia and Gradisca, a crown land of the Habsburg Monarchy.
Oklahoma City is the principal city of the eight-county Oklahoma City Metropolitan Statistical Area in Central Oklahoma and is the state's largest urbanized area. Based on population rank, the metropolitan area was the 42nd largest in the nation as of 2012.
BULLET::::- Verna Felton as Elephant Matriarch, the well-meaning but pompous leader of the elephants who is initially cold toward Dumbo. Felton also voices Mrs. Jumbo, Dumbo's mother, who speaks only once in the film to give Dumbo's name.
Charlemagne (/ ˈʃɑːrləmeɪn /) or Charles the Great (2 April 742 -- 28 January 814), numbered Charles I, was King of the Franks from 768, King of the Lombards from 774, and Holy Roman Emperor from 800. He united much of western and central Europe during the early Middle Ages. He was the first recognized emperor to rule from western Europe since the fall of the Western Roman Empire three centuries earlier. The expanded Frankish state that Charlemagne founded is called the Carolingian Empire. He was later invalidly canonized by the antipope Paschal III.
Matilde Zimmermann (born September 6, 1943) is an American author and professor who ran as the Socialist Workers Party candidate for United States Vice President in 1980. The party had three different Presidential candidates that year, Andrew Pulley, Richard H. Congress and Clifton DeBerry depending on the state. She was at the time a writer for the party newspaper "The Militant". Zimmermann also ran as an alternate vice presidential candidate for Andrea Gonzales in some states in 1984; Melvin T. Mason was the presidential candidate.
Chloe Mitchell (Elizabeth Hendrickson) deceives Cane into believing he fathered her child; however, the child's biological father is Billy Abbott (Billy Miller). Cane's relationship with Lily is interrupted, but they become engaged when the truth about the child's paternity is revealed and marry in February 2009. They briefly separate when Cane's true identity is revealed, but are reunited when Lily is diagnosed with ovarian cancer (and mourns the death of her best friend, Colleen). During her hysterectomy, two of her eggs are preserved; Cane and Lily want to have children, with Mackenzie Browning (Clementine Ford) their surrogate mother. She gives birth to twins, Charlie and Mattie Ashby, in June 2010. Soon afterwards Lily goes into remission; an Australian (Blake Joseph) arrives in Genoa City and blackmails Cane, followed by his father Colin Atkinson (Tristan Rogers) in December 2010. Colin is later engaged to Jill Abbott (Jess Walton), and Cane is shot to death by Blake as he tries to stop their wedding. After Cane's death Lily sees hallucinations of him in the afterlife, leading her family to suggest therapy. After her ``hallucination ''leaves footprints in the snow Lily realizes that Cane is alive, having faked his death; his twin brother, Caleb, was the one who died. Lily feels betrayed and decides to divorce Cane, but later realizes that the story surrounding his faked death was to protect her. They decide to remarry in February 2012 and work at Jabot Cosmetics, where Lily develops an attraction to Tyler Michaelson (Redaric Williams) which makes Cane jealous. Lily and Tyler share a kiss, but she turns him down and returns to Cane.
John N. Scales is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate, serving from 1973 to 1974. Prior to his time in the Senate, he served as the District Attorney for Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania from 1969-1972 and as the Assistant District Attorney from 1966-1969. He was elected as a delegate to the Pennsylvania Constitutional Convention in 1967. An alumnus of Yale University and Harvard Law School, he was the college roommate of Dick Thornburgh, an eventual Pennsylvania Governor and United States Attorney General. Scales has also served on the Yale Board of Governors and in 2011 was awarded the Yale Medal, the school's highest honor for service to the university.
Ludwig von Lahnstein is a fictional character of the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". The character is played by actor Krystian Martinek. He appeared from 22 December 2009 to the character's death on 23 April 2013.
Wei Lihuang () (16 February 1897 – 17 January 1960) was a Chinese general who served the Nationalist government throughout the Chinese Civil War and Second Sino-Japanese War as one of China's most successful military commanders.
Area code 575 is an area code in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It serves the remainder of the state outside the Albuquerque, Santa Fe, Farmington, and Gallup metropolitan and micropolitan areas, which remain in area code 505. The new code became effective on October 7, 2007, splitting from area code 505.
The Western Region is located in south Ghana, spreads from the Ivory Coast border in the west to the Central region in the east, includes the capital and large twin city of Sekondi - Takoradi on the coast, coastal Axim, and a hilly inland area including Elubo. It includes Ghana's southernmost location, Cape Three Points, where crude oil was discovered in commercial quantities in June 2007. The Western Region enjoys a long coastline that stretches from South Ghana's border with Ivory Coast to the Western region's boundary with the Central Region on the east.
The Cracker Factory is an American television movie directed by Burt Brinckerhoff. The teleplay by Richard Shapiro is based on the best-selling 1977 novel by Joyce Rebeta-Burditt. The film was broadcast by ABC on March 16, 1979.
In the American League, the New York Yankees have played in 40 World Series and won 27, the Philadelphia / Kansas City / Oakland Athletics have played in 14 and won 9, and the Boston Red Sox have played in 12 and won 8, including the first World Series. In the National League, the St. Louis Cardinals have appeared in 19 and won 11, the New York / San Francisco Giants have played in 20 and won 8, the Brooklyn / Los Angeles Dodgers have appeared in 18 and won 6, and the Cincinnati Reds have appeared in 9 and won 5.
The largest attendance at a state fair in the USA is in Texas attracting an estimated 2,000,000 people annually. The largest average per day attendance is at the Minnesota State Fair averaging just under 200,000 people per day.
Daniel Dunklin (January 14, 1790 – August 25, 1844) was the fifth Governor of Missouri, serving from 1832 to 1836. He also served as the state's third Lieutenant Governor. Dunklin is considered the "Father of Public Schools" in Missouri. Dunklin was also the father-in-law of Missouri Lieutenant Governor Franklin Cannon. Dunklin County, in the Missouri bootheel, is named so in his honor.
Perrot's father was the Mayor of the town and died when Vincent was 11. His mother Marina decided to move the family to Limoges. As a child, Vincent Perrot used to listen to the radio France Bleu Limousin, in which a program about the cinema was broadcast. He wrote every week to the presenter to tell him that he did not agree with his point of view on the films he introduced. The presenter later invited him at his program and it was his beginning of his career at 17 on channel FR3.
The Dissolution of Czechoslovakia (Czech: Rozdělení Československa, Slovak: Rozdelenie Česko - Slovenska), which took effect on 1 January 1993, was an event that saw the self - determined split of the federal state of Czechoslovakia into the Czech Republic and Slovakia, entities that had arisen before as the Czech Socialist Republic and the Slovak Socialist Republic in 1969 within the framework of Czechoslovak federalisation.
In February 1860, Iowa Representative Samuel Curtis introduced a bill to fund the railroad. It passed the House but died when it could not be reconciled with the Senate version due to opposition from southern states who wanted a southern route near the 42nd parallel. Curtis tried and failed again in 1861. After the southern states seceded from the Union, the House of Representatives approved the bill on May 6, 1862, and the Senate on June 20. Lincoln signed the Pacific Railroad Act of 1862 into law on July 1. It authorized creation of two companies, the Central Pacific in the west and the Union Pacific in the mid-west, to build the railroad. The legislation called for building and operating a new railroad from the Missouri River at Council Bluffs, Iowa, west to Sacramento, California, and on to San Francisco Bay. A second law to supplement the first was passed in 1864.
After Kivilev's death, the UCI made the wearing of helmets compulsory. They had previously tried to introduce this requirement in 1991, but some riders protested this at the Paris -- Nice race, so the rule was not introduced. The nature of Kivilev's death, in that he was a lead rider, in one of the top French cycling teams, racing in a top stage race, coupled with advances in helmet technology, brought the debate back to the fore and conclusively so for the UCI. Whilst many riders were initially still against compulsory helmet use, the UCI ensured the rules requiring helmets to be worn at all times would be in place for the 2003 Giro d'Italia, which started just eight weeks after Kivilev's death. Dissension to the rule was initially high, but the new rules were affirmed in October 2003. Whilst at first the rule was loose and not tightly enforced, especially on mountain - top finishes, it has since been enforced more strictly and helmet - wearing is now ubiquitous in the peloton.
The Acura RLX is a full-size luxury sedan manufactured by Honda and sold under their Acura division, released in 2013. Succeeding the Acura RL, the RLX offers two versions, a front-wheel drive base model equipped with Acura's Precision All-Wheel Steer (P-AWS) four-wheel steering system, and a hybrid variant featuring SH-AWD that serves as Acura's flagship. The JDM version, the Honda Legend, is only offered with the SH-AWD powertrain.
Logan Gomez (born December 16, 1988) is an American race car driver from Crown Point, Indiana who most notably competed in the Firestone Indy Lights Series (formerly the Indy Pro Series).
Five major climatic regions are found in Nepal. Of these, Kathmandu Valley is in the Warm Temperate Zone (elevation ranging from 1,200–2,300 metres (3,900–7,500 ft)), where the climate is fairly temperate, atypical for the region. This zone is followed by the Cool Temperate Zone with elevation varying between 2,100–3,300 metres (6,900–10,800 ft). Under Köppen's climate classification, portions of the city with lower elevations have a humid subtropical climate (Cwa), while portions of the city with higher elevations generally have a subtropical highland climate. In the Kathmandu Valley, which is representative of its valley's climate, the average summer temperature varies from 28–30 °C (82–86 °F). The average winter temperature is 10.1 °C (50.2 °F).
Shrek is a fictional ogre character created by American author William Steig. Shrek is the protagonist of the book of the same name and of eponymous films by DreamWorks Animation. The name "Shrek" is derived from the German word "Schreck", meaning "fright" or "terror". Shrek is voiced by Mike Myers, although it was planned for him to be voiced by Chris Farley before his death in December 1997, and played by Brian d'Arcy James in the musical.
Marvel counts among its characters such well-known superheroes as Spider-Man, Iron Man, Captain America, Wolverine, Thor, Hulk, Ant-Man, such teams as the Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, the Fantastic Four, the Inhumans and the X-Men, and antagonists such as Doctor Doom, The Enchantress, Green Goblin, Ultron, Doctor Octopus, Thanos, Magneto and Loki. Most of Marvel's fictional characters operate in a single reality known as the Marvel Universe, with locations that mirror real-life cities. Characters such as Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four, the Avengers, Daredevil and Doctor Strange are based in New York City, whereas the X-Men have historically been based in Salem Center, New York and Hulk's stories often have been set in the American Southwest.
Soul Train was an American music - dance television program which aired in syndication from October 2, 1971 to March 25, 2006. In its 35 - year history, the show primarily featured performances by R&B, soul, dance / pop and hip hop artists, although funk, jazz, disco and gospel artists also appeared. The series was created by Don Cornelius, who also served as its first host and executive producer.
We Buy Any Car Limited Type Limited company Industry Automotive industry Headquarters Manchester, United Kingdom Number of locations 210 + branches (2015) Revenue £557m (2014) Owner BCA Market Place PLC Number of employees 386 (2015) Parent BCA Website www.webuyanycar.com
Date Home Score Away Place 24 October 1978 Italy 19 - 6 Argentina Stadio Mario Battaglini, Rovigo 6 May 1995 Italy 22 - 12 Ireland Stadio Comunale di Monigo, Treviso 4 June 1995 Argentina 25 - 31 Italy Buffalo City Stadium, East London, South Africa 4 January 1997 Ireland 29 - 37 Italy Lansdowne Road, Dublin 22 March 1997 France 32 - 40 Italy Stade Lesdiguières, Grenoble 20 December 1997 Italy 37 - 22 Ireland Stadio Renato Dall'Ara, Bologna 24 January 1998 Italy 25 - 21 Scotland Stadio Comunale Monigo, Treviso 7 November 1998 Italy 23 - 19 Argentina Stadio Comunale Beltrametti, Piacenza 5 February 2000 Italy 34 - 20 Scotland Stadio Flaminio, Rome 15 February 2003 Italy 30 - 22 Wales Stadio Flaminio, Rome 6 March 2004 Italy 20 - 14 Scotland Stadio Flaminio, Rome 11 June 2005 Argentina 29 - 30 Italy Estadio Olímpico, Córdoba 24 February 2007 Scotland 17 - 37 Italy Murrayfield, Edinburgh 10 March 2007 Italy 23 - 20 Wales Stadio Flaminio, Rome 15 March 2008 Italy 23 - 20 Scotland Stadio Flaminio, Rome 28 June 2008 Argentina 12 - 13 Italy Estadio Olímpico, Córdoba 27 February 2010 Italy 16 - 12 Scotland Stadio Flaminio, Rome 12 March 2011 Italy 22 - 21 France Stadio Flaminio, Rome 17 March 2012 Italy 13 - 6 Scotland Stadio Olimpico, Rome 3 February 2013 Italy 23 - 18 France Stadio Olimpico, Rome 16 March 2013 Italy 22 - 15 Ireland Stadio Olimpico, Rome 28 February 2015 Scotland 19 - 22 Italy BT Murrayfield, Edinburgh 19 November 2016 Italy 20 - 18 South Africa Stadio Artemio Franchi, Florence
The Palazzo Corner Spinelli is a palace in Venice, northern Italy, located on the Grand Canal, in the sestiere of San Marco. It stands across the canal from the Palazzo Querini Dubois.
A region of Moldavia during the Middle Ages, the territory of what became known as Bukovina was, from 1774 to 1918, an administrative division of the Habsburg Monarchy, the Austrian Empire, and Austria-Hungary. After World War I, Romania established its control over Bukovina. In 1940, the northern half of Bukovina was annexed by the Soviet Union in violation of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, and currently is part of Ukraine.
The first country to attempt to circumnavigate Africa was Portugal, which had, since the early 15th century, begun to explore northern Africa under Henry the Navigator. Emboldened by these early successes and eyeing a lucrative monopoly on a possible sea route to the Indies the Portuguese first crossed the Cape of Good Hope in 1488 on an expedition led by Bartolomeu Dias. Just nine years later in 1497 on the orders of Manuel I of Portugal, four vessels under the command of navigator Vasco da Gama rounded the Cape of Good Hope, continuing to the eastern coast of Africa to Malindi to sail across the Indian Ocean to Calicut, on the Malabar Coast. in south India -- the capital of the local Zamorin rulers. The wealth of the Indies was now open for the Europeans to explore; the Portuguese Empire was the earliest European seaborne empire to grow from the spice trade.
Torre Insignia (also called Torre Banobras and the Nonoalco Tlatelolco Tower) is a building designed by Mario Pani Darqui which is located on the corner of Avenida Ricardo Flores Magnon and Avenida de los Insurgentes Norte, in the Tlateloco housing complex in Cuauhtémoc in Mexico City. At its completion in 1962, the tower became the second tallest building in Mexico after the Torre Latinoamericana. The tower is not currently in use and is being renovated. It is the tallest building in the Tlatelolco area and the third highest in the Avenida Insurgentes. The building housed the headquarters of Banobras. The building has a pyramid shape and was built with a reinforced concrete frame. It has been remodeled at least twice and is one of the most important buildings in the city, besides having the tallest carillon in the world; there are 47 bells made by Petit & Fritsen.
Building on the earlier work of Ludwig von Mises and others, Hayek also argued that while in centrally planned economies an individual or a select group of individuals must determine the distribution of resources, these planners will never have enough information to carry out this allocation reliably. This argument, first proposed by Max Weber, says that the efficient exchange and use of resources can be maintained only through the price mechanism in free markets (see economic calculation problem).
Zachary Harrison Wheeler (born May 30, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB). He was drafted by the San Francisco Giants with the sixth overall pick in the 2009 MLB Draft. Wheeler was then traded to the Mets in 2011, and made his major league debut with the team in 2013. Prior to being drafted he attended East Paulding High School in Dallas, Georgia.
The Dodgers as a franchise have won six World Series titles and 21 National League pennants. 11 NL MVP award winners have played for the Dodgers, winning a total of 13 MVP Awards, Eight Cy Young Award winners have pitched for the Dodgers, winning a total of twelve Cy Young Awards. The team has also produced 17 Rookie of the Year Award winners, including four consecutive from 1979 to 1982 and five consecutive from 1992 to 1996.
There are many names for God, and different names are attached to different cultural ideas about God's identity and attributes. In the ancient Egyptian era of Atenism, possibly the earliest recorded monotheistic religion, this deity was called Aten, premised on being the one "true" Supreme Being and Creator of the Universe. In the Hebrew Bible and Judaism, "He Who Is", "I Am that I Am", and the tetragrammaton YHWH are used as names of God, while Yahweh and Jehovah are sometimes used in Christianity as vocalizations of YHWH. In the Christian doctrine of the Trinity, God, consubstantial in three persons, is called the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. In Judaism, it is common to refer to God by the titular names Elohim or Adonai, the latter of which is believed by some scholars to descend from the Egyptian Aten. In Islam, the name Allah, "Al-El", or "Al-Elah" ("the God") is used, while Muslims also have a multitude of titular names for God. In Hinduism, Brahman is often considered a monistic deity. Other religions have names for God, for instance, Baha in the Bahá'í Faith, Waheguru in Sikhism, and Ahura Mazda in Zoroastrianism.
Steven Gerrard MBE Gerrard lining up for England at UEFA Euro 2012 Full name Steven George Gerrard Date of birth (1980 - 05 - 30) 30 May 1980 (age 37) Place of birth Whiston, England Height 6 ft 0 in (1.83 m) Playing position Midfielder Youth career 1989 -- 1998 Liverpool Senior career * Years Team Apps (Gls) 1998 -- 2015 Liverpool 504 (120) 2015 -- 2016 LA Galaxy 34 (5) Total 538 (125) National team 1999 -- 2000 England U21 (1) 2000 -- 2014 England 114 (21) Teams managed 2017 -- Liverpool U18s * Senior club appearances and goals counted for the domestic league only.
Kathmandu is located in the northwestern part of the Kathmandu Valley to the north of the Bagmati River and covers an area of 50.67 km2 (19.56 sq mi). The average elevation is 1,400 metres (4,600 ft) above sea level. The city is directly bounded by several other municipalities of the Kathmandu valley: south of the Bagmati by Lalitpur Sub-Metropolitan City (Patan) with which it today forms one urban area surrounded by a ring road, to the southwest by Kirtipur Municipality and to the east by Madyapur Thimi Municipality. To the north the urban area extends into several Village Development Committees. However, the urban agglomeration extends well beyond the neighboring municipalities, e. g. to Bhaktapur and just about covers the entire Kathmandu valley.
Dave Fennoy Fennoy in Phoenix, Arizona David Henderson Fennoy (1952 - 01 - 20) January 20, 1952 (age 65) Silver Spring, Maryland, U.S. Nationality American Occupation Voice actor Years active 1990 -- present Known for The Walking Dead as Lee Everett Minecraft: Story Mode as Gabriel the Warrior Spouse (s) Monique Fennoy Children Michelle Fennoy
``Picture ''is a duet written by American music artists Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow, released on November 12, 2002 as the fourth single and ninth track from Kid Rock's 2001 album Cocky. The original recording on the album is performed by Kid Rock and Sheryl Crow. Rock re-recorded the song for the radio with alternative country singer Allison Moorer because Atlantic was initially unable to get the rights from Crow's label to release the album version as a single. When the Moorer version was released, some radio stations began playing the Crow version instead, leading Billboard to credit the song variously to Kid Rock featuring Sheryl Crow or Allison Moorer. The song was a commercial and critical success and was nominated for Vocal Event of The Year at the 2003 Country Music Association awards.
The climate of the United States varies due to differences in latitude, and a range of geographic features, including mountains and deserts. West of the 100th meridian, much of the US is semi-arid to desert in the far southwestern US, and Mediterranean along the California coast. East of the 100th meridian, the climate is humid continental in the northern areas east through New England, to humid subtropical in the Gulf and South Atlantic regions. Southern Florida is tropical, as is Hawaii and the US Virgin Islands. Higher - elevation areas of the Rocky Mountains, the Wasatch, Sierra Nevada, and Cascade Range are alpine. The West Coast areas in coastal Oregon and Washington are oceanic climate. The state of Alaska, on the northwestern corner of the North American continent, is largely subarctic climate, but with a subpolar oceanic climate in the southeast (Alaska Panhandle), southwestern peninsula and Aleutian Islands.
Smith was born on September 25, 1968 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Caroline (Bright), a Philadelphia school board administrator, and Willard Carroll Smith Sr., a U.S. Air Force veteran and refrigeration engineer. He grew up in West Philadelphia's Wynnefield neighborhood, and was raised Baptist. He has an elder sister named Pamela and two younger siblings, twins Harry and Ellen. Smith attended Our Lady of Lourdes, a private Catholic elementary school in Philadelphia. His parents separated when he was 13, but did not actually divorce until around 2000.Smith attended Overbrook High School. While it has been widely reported that Smith turned down a scholarship to attend the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), he never applied to college because he "wanted to rap." Smith says he was admitted to a "pre-engineering [summer] program" at MIT for high school students, but he did not attend. According to Smith, "My mother, who worked for the School Board of Philadelphia, had a friend who was the admissions officer at MIT. I had pretty high SAT scores and they needed black kids, so I probably could have gotten in. But I had no intention of going to college."
Marks & Spencer Group plc (also known as M&S) is a major British multinational retailer headquartered in Westminster, London that specialises in selling high quality clothing, home products and food products. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
ITV lost the rights to the FA Cup beginning with the 2014 -- 15 FA Cup, terrestrial rights will return to BBC Sport, with the final being shown on BBC One while BT Sport hold the pay TV rights. Under this deal, the BBC will show around the same number of games as ITV and still having the first pick for each round.
Sticks and Stones is an album by American pianist Dave Grusin with his brother Don Grusin. It was released in 1988, recorded for the GRP label. The album reached No. 14 on the "Billboard" Contemporary Jazz chart.
The Bologna process has been adopted, since 2006, by Portuguese universities and poly-technical institutes. Higher education in state-run educational establishments is provided on a competitive basis, a system of numerus clausus is enforced through a national database on student admissions. However, every higher education institution offers also a number of additional vacant places through other extraordinary admission processes for sportsmen, mature applicants (over 23 years old), international students, foreign students from the Lusosphere, degree owners from other institutions, students from other institutions (academic transfer), former students (readmission), and course change, which are subject to specific standards and regulations set by each institution or course department. Most student costs are supported with public money. However, with the increasing tuition fees a student has to pay to attend a Portuguese state-run higher education institution and the attraction of new types of students (many as part-time students or in evening classes) like employees, businessmen, parents, and pensioners, many departments make a substantial profit from every additional student enrolled in courses, with benefits for the college or university's gross tuition revenue and without loss of educational quality (teacher per student, computer per student, classroom size per student, etc.).
By the early 1960s, the US had begun placing stiff import tariffs on certain vehicles. The so - called ``chicken tax ''of 1964 placed a 25% tax on imported light trucks. In response to the tariff, Toyota, Nissan Motor Co. and Honda Motor Co. began building plants in the US by the early 1980s.
The HPD ARX-03a, ARX-03b, and ARX-03c are Le Mans Prototypes race cars developed by Honda Performance Development in 2012. The 03a model utilizes a Honda V8 engine for use in the LMP1 category, while the 03b uses a turbocharged V6 engine for the LMP2 category. Three teams have already announced their use of the ARX-03 in the FIA World Endurance Championship and the American Le Mans Series, as well as at the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Muscle Milk Pickett Racing have purchased an 03a for use in the American Le Mans Series, joined by two 03bs for Level 5 Motorsports. In the FIA World Endurance Championship, Strakka Racing and JRM Racing will campaign a single 03a each, joined by a single-car 03b entry by Starworks Motorsport in LMP2.
Sixty-two percent of islanders are Christians. After the death of the first chaplain Rev G. H. Nobbs in 1884, a Methodist church was formed and in 1891 a Seventh-day Adventist congregation led by one of Nobbs' sons. Some unhappiness with G. H. Nobbs, the more organised and formal ritual of the Church of England service arising from the influence of the Melanesian Mission, decline in spirituality, the influence of visiting American whalers, literature sent by Christians overseas impressed by the Pitcairn story, and the adoption of Seventh-day Adventism by the descendants of the mutineers still on Pitcairn, all contributed to these developments. The Roman Catholic Church began work in 1957 and in the late 1990s a group left the former Methodist (then Uniting Church) and formed a charismatic fellowship. In 2011, 34 percent of the ordinary residents identified as Anglican, 13 percent as Uniting Church, 12 percent as Roman Catholic and three percent as Seventh-day Adventist. Nine percent were from other religions. Twenty four percent had no religion, and seven percent did not indicate a religion. Typical ordinary congregations in any church do not exceed 30 local residents as of 2010[update]. The three older denominations have good facilities. Ministers are usually short-term visitors.
The canton of Zürich ( ) is a Swiss canton in the northeastern part of the country. With a population of (as of ), it is the most populated canton in the country.. Its capital is the city of Zürich. The official language is German. The local Swiss German dialect, called "Züritüütsch", is commonly spoken. In English the name of the canton and its capital is often written without an umlaut.
Fast Times at Ridgemont High is a 1982 American coming - of - age comedy film directed by Amy Heckerling and written by Cameron Crowe, adapted from his 1981 book of the same name. Crowe went undercover at Clairemont High School in San Diego and wrote about his experiences.
Menachem Mendel Schneerson and Yosef Yitzchak Schneersohn were both descendants of Menachem Mendel Schneersohn, known as the Tzemach Tzedek, the third Rebbe of Chabad Lubavitch. Schneerson later commented that the day of his marriage bound the community to him and him to the community.
B. J. and the Bear is an American comedy series which aired on NBC from 1979 to 1981. Created by Glen A. Larson and Christopher Crowe, the series stars Greg Evigan. The series was produced when the CB radio and trucking craze had peaked in the United States, following the 1974–1976 television series "Movin' On," the number one song "Convoy" (1975) by C.W. McCall, as well as the films "White Line Fever" (1975), "Smokey and the Bandit" (1977), "Convoy" (1978), and "Every Which Way but Loose" (1978).
Turkey is situated in  Anatolia (97%) and the Balkans (3%), bordering the Black Sea, between Bulgaria and Georgia, and bordering the Aegean Sea and the Mediterranean Sea, between Greece and Syria. The geographic coordinates of the country lie at: 39°00′N 35°00′E
Queen of the South is an American television crime drama - thriller series. It premiered June 23, 2016, on USA Network and is an adaptation of the successful telenovela La Reina del Sur, which airs on USA's sister network Telemundo, which in turn is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by Spanish author Arturo Pérez - Reverte. On September 6, 2016, USA Network renewed the series for a second season which premiered June 8, 2017. On August 10, 2017, USA renewed the series for a third season.
RAM can be read and written to anytime the CPU commands it, but ROM is preloaded with data and software that never changes, therefore the CPU can only read from it. ROM is typically used to store the computer's initial start-up instructions. In general, the contents of RAM are erased when the power to the computer is turned off, but ROM retains its data indefinitely. In a PC, the ROM contains a specialized program called the BIOS that orchestrates loading the computer's operating system from the hard disk drive into RAM whenever the computer is turned on or reset. In embedded computers, which frequently do not have disk drives, all of the required software may be stored in ROM. Software stored in ROM is often called firmware, because it is notionally more like hardware than software. Flash memory blurs the distinction between ROM and RAM, as it retains its data when turned off but is also rewritable. It is typically much slower than conventional ROM and RAM however, so its use is restricted to applications where high speed is unnecessary.
Daniel F. Spulber (born January 31, 1953) is the Elinor Hobbs Distinguished Professor of International Business and professor of strategy at the Kellogg School of Management (Northwestern University), where he has taught since 1990. Spulber is also professor of law at the Northwestern University School of Law and research director of the Searle Center on Law, Regulation, and Economic Growth. He is the founding editor-in-chief of the "Journal of Economics & Management Strategy".
St. John's served as the capital city of the Colony of Newfoundland and the Dominion of Newfoundland before Newfoundland became Canada's tenth province in 1949. The city now serves as the capital of Newfoundland and Labrador, therefore the provincial legislature is located in the city. The Confederation Building, located on Confederation Hill, is home to the House of Assembly along with the offices for the Members of the House of Assembly (MHAs) and Ministers. The city is represented by ten MHAs, four who are members of the governing Progressive Conservative Party, three that belong to the New Democratic Party (NDP), and three that belong to the Liberal Party. Lorraine Michael, leader of the NDP since 2006, represents the district of Signal Hill-Quidi Vidi.
Closer is the second studio album by vocalist Josh Groban, released in November 2003. Much like his first studio album, half of this album's songs are sung in English, with the remainder sung in various other languages (Italian, Spanish and French). "Closer" was the top selling classical album of the 2000s in the US, according to Nielsen SoundScan.
Precursors to the web browser emerged in the form of hyperlinked applications during the mid and late 1980s, and following these, Tim Berners - Lee is credited with developing in 1990 both the first web server, and the first web browser, called WorldWideWeb (no spaces) and later renamed Nexus. Many others were soon developed, with Marc Andreessen's 1993 Mosaic (later Netscape), being particularly easy to use and install, and often credited with sparking the internet boom of the 1990s. Today, the major web browsers are Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Edge.
For many years Arsenal's away colours were white shirts and either black or white shorts. In the 1969–70 season, Arsenal introduced an away kit of yellow shirts with blue shorts. This kit was worn in the 1971 FA Cup Final as Arsenal beat Liverpool to secure the double for the first time in their history. Arsenal reached the FA Cup final again the following year wearing the red and white home strip and were beaten by Leeds United. Arsenal then competed in three consecutive FA Cup finals between 1978 and 1980 wearing their "lucky" yellow and blue strip, which remained the club's away strip until the release of a green and navy away kit in 1982–83. The following season, Arsenal returned to the yellow and blue scheme, albeit with a darker shade of blue than before.
The bridge at New Bridge Landing, New Jersey was built in 1888 to replace an earlier wooden one, and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 5, 1989.
By 1 October 1950, the UN Command repelled the KPA northwards past the 38th parallel; the ROK Army crossed after them, into North Korea. MacArthur made a statement demanding the KPA's unconditional surrender. Six days later, on 7 October, with UN authorization, the UN Command forces followed the ROK forces northwards. The X Corps landed at Wonsan (in southeastern North Korea) and Riwon (in northeastern North Korea), already captured by ROK forces. The Eighth U.S. Army and the ROK Army drove up western Korea and captured Pyongyang city, the North Korean capital, on 19 October 1950. The 187th Airborne Regimental Combat Team ("Rakkasans") made their first of two combat jumps during the Korean War on 20 October 1950 at Sunchon and Sukchon. The missions of the 187th were to cut the road north going to China, preventing North Korean leaders from escaping from Pyongyang; and to rescue American prisoners of war. At month's end, UN forces held 135,000 KPA prisoners of war. As they neared the Sino-Korean border, the UN forces in the west were divided from those in the east by 50–100 miles of mountainous terrain.
Seattle is considered the home of grunge music, having produced artists such as Nirvana, Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, Pearl Jam, and Mudhoney, all of whom reached international audiences in the early 1990s. The city is also home to such varied artists as avant-garde jazz musicians Bill Frisell and Wayne Horvitz, hot jazz musician Glenn Crytzer, hip hop artists Sir Mix-a-Lot, Macklemore, Blue Scholars, and Shabazz Palaces, smooth jazz saxophonist Kenny G, classic rock staples Heart and Queensrÿche, and alternative rock bands such as Foo Fighters, Harvey Danger, The Presidents of the United States of America, The Posies, Modest Mouse, Band of Horses, Death Cab for Cutie, and Fleet Foxes. Rock musicians such as Jimi Hendrix, Duff McKagan, and Nikki Sixx spent their formative years in Seattle.
Darial is a town in the Islamabad Capital Territory of Pakistan. It is located at 33° 23' 35N 73° 19' 45E with an altitude of 494 metres (1624 feet).
Hugo Marie de Vries ForMemRS (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦyɣoː də ˈvris); 16 February 1848 -- 21 May 1935) was a Dutch botanist and one of the first geneticists. He is known chiefly for suggesting the concept of genes, rediscovering the laws of heredity in the 1890s while unaware of Gregor Mendel's work, for introducing the term ``mutation '', and for developing a mutation theory of evolution.
KPBD (89.3 FM) is a defunct American non-commercial educational radio station that was licensed to serve the community of Big Spring, the county seat of Howard County, Texas. The station's broadcast license was held by Paulino Bernal Evangelism. The station began broadcasting in June 2005 and went dark in May 2009 which led to the cancellation of the station's broadcast license in June 2011.
Margaret of the Palatinate (German: "Margarete von der Pfalz"; 1376 – 26 August 1434, Einville-au-Jard) was the daughter of Rupert of Germany and his wife Elisabeth of Nuremberg. She married Charles II, Duke of Lorraine on 6 February 1393. Her maternal grandparents were Frederick V, Burgrave of Nuremberg and Elisabeth of Meissen. One of her grandchildren was Margaret of Anjou, Queen Consort of King Henry VI of England.
South Beach is a census-designated place (CDP) on Orchid Island in Indian River County, Florida, United States. The population was 3,501 at the 2010 census. It is ranked tenth in Florida locations by per capita income as of 2010.
The Workers' and Peasants' Red Army, frequently shortened to Red Army, was the army and the air force of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and, after 1922, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. The army was established immediately after the 1917 October Revolution. The Bolsheviks raised an army to oppose the military confederations (especially the various groups collectively known as the White Army) of their adversaries during the Russian Civil War. Beginning in February 1946, the Red Army, along with the Soviet Navy, embodied the main component of the Soviet Armed Forces; taking the official name of "Soviet Army", until its dissolution in December 1991. The former official name "Red Army" continued to be used as a nickname by both sides throughout the Cold War.
The majority of U.S. adults self - identify as Christians, while close to a quarter claim no religious affiliation. According to a 2014 study by the Pew Research Center, 70.6% of the adult population identified themselves as Christians, with 46.5% professing attendance at a variety of churches that could be considered Protestant, and 20.8% professing Catholic beliefs. The same study says that other religions (including Judaism, Buddhism, Hinduism, and Islam) collectively make up about 6% of the population. According to a 2012 survey by the Pew forum, 36% of U.S. adults state that they attend services nearly every week or more. According to a 2016 Gallup poll, Mississippi (with 63% of its adult population described as very religious, saying that religion is important to them and attending religious services almost every week) is the most religious state in the country, while New Hampshire (with only 20% of its adult population described as very religious) is the least religious state.
Charles Louis Brown (August 22, 1936 – May 16, 2012) was an American guitarist, bandleader and singer who has garnered the honorific nickname "The Godfather of Go-Go". Go-go is a subgenre of funk music developed in and around the Washington metropolitan area in the mid-1970s. While its musical classification, influences, and origins are debated, Brown is regarded as the fundamental force behind the creation of go-go music.
Tell the Truth and Run: George Seldes and the American Press is a 1996 documentary film about the author and critic George Seldes directed by Rick Goldsmith. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Thirty nations sent competitors, which was the highest number of participants at a Winter Games. New Zealand and Portugal took part in the Winter Olympic Games for the first time. Australia, Germany, and Japan returned after a 16-year absence. South Korea, Liechtenstein, and Turkey competed in 1948 but did not participate in the 1952 Games.
Roger Franklin (born September 7, 1990) is a professional basketball player who was born in Duncanville, Texas. He currently plays for Black Star Mersch in the Luxembourgian Total League.
The Miami Hurricane, founded in 1929, is the official student newspaper at the University of Miami in Coral Gables, Florida, in the United States. It is published weekly by a staff of mostly undergraduate students. It has won many awards during its history and is an Associated Collegiate Press "Hall of Fame" newspaper.
The two teams had met in nine previous matches, including twice in the FIFA World Cup, both won by Germany (1998, group stage: 2 -- 0; 2002, quarter - finals: 1 -- 0). The match featured two German coaches, Jürgen Klinsmann and Joachim Löw, facing each other. United States coach Klinsmann played in three World Cups for Germany (he scored the second goal in the 1998 match against the United States), and also managed them in 2006 with Löw as his assistant, who succeeded him after the World Cup.
The Toyota Paseo (known as the Cynos in Japan and other regions) is a sports styled compact car sold from 1991–1999 and was loosely based on the Tercel. It was available as a coupe and in later models as a convertible. Toyota stopped selling the car in the United States in 1997, however the car continued to be sold in Canada, Europe and Japan until 1999, but had no direct replacement. The Paseo, like the Tercel, shares a platform with the Starlet. Several parts are interchangeable between the three.
Bryant Reeves (born June 8, 1973) is an American retired professional basketball player. Reeves spent his entire career with the NBA's Vancouver Grizzlies, playing with the team from 1995 until 2001. He was nicknamed "Big Country" by his college teammate Byron Houston after Reeves was amazed following his first airplane flight across the United States, having grown up in the small community of Gans, Oklahoma.
Mandel Karlsson, also known as 91:an Karlsson or simply 91:an, is a Swedish comic book character and the main protagonist in the comic strip series "" (Eng: "№ 91"). He was created in 1932 by Rudolf Petersson. The series is now published in its own bi-weekly comic book, "", and also as a single strip in the popular weekly women's magazine "Året Runt".
A bill to make September 11 a national day of mourning was introduced in the U.S. House on October 25, 2001, by Rep. Vito Fossella (R - NY) with 22 co-sponsors, among them 11 Democrats and 11 Republicans. The bill requested that the President designate September 11 of each year as Patriot Day. Joint Resolution 71 passed the House by a vote of 407 -- 0, with 25 members not voting. The bill passed the Senate unanimously on November 30. President Bush signed the resolution into law on December 18 as Pub. L. 107 -- 89. On September 4, 2002, President Bush used the authority of the resolution to proclaim September 11, 2002, as the first Patriot Day.
East Coasting is an album by Charles Mingus, recorded and released in 1957. It was reissued on CD with bonus takes in 1993.
East Lake Library is one of 15 branch libraries formerly in the Minneapolis Public Library System and now one of 41 branch libraries in the Hennepin County Library System in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. Three different buildings have housed the library since 1924.
In 1579 a number of the northern provinces of the Low Countries signed the Union of Utrecht, in which they promised to support each other in their defence against the Spanish army. This was followed in 1581 by the Act of Abjuration, the declaration of independence of the provinces from Philip II.
Night Rocker is the debut studio album by the American actor David Hasselhoff. It was released in January 1985 on Silver Blue Records, produced by record producer Joel Diamond.
Kennedy grew up in Sandycove, Dublin, the middle child of three girls. Her father is John Kennedy who would later feature alongside his daughter as her pianist on "The Lucy Kennedy Show".
Methuen was born as Algernon Methuen Marshall Stedman in London, the third son of John Buck Stedman, FRCS, and Jane Elizabeth née Marshall. He was educated at Berkhamsted School and then Wadham College, Oxford, from which he graduated with an MA.
Bound By the Beauty is a 1989 album by Jane Siberry. It received better reviews than her previous album, "The Walking", and the title track received more extensive radio airplay than Siberry had seen since "One More Colour" in 1985.
television series "The Office", and the show's 141st episode overall. Written by Brent Forrester and directed by Michael Spiller, the episode aired February 3, 2011 on NBC.
"All Alone in the Night" is an episode from the second season of the science fiction television series "Babylon 5".
The Union Mill Complex, (also Bischoff's Chocolate Factory), is located at the junction of Milton Avenue (NY 50) and Prospect Street in Ballston Spa, New York, United States. It is a complex of three late 19th-century brick buildings on a 4-acre (1.6 ha) lot, and the ruins of a dam.
McGrew undertook post-graduate study at the University of Texas and later the University of Texas Law School. He signed up for military service from 1954 to 1956. He did not take part in athletics in his later life and instead used his studies to gain a placement at Humble Oil, at which he spent 30 years of his working life. He retired in the 1980s and lived until the age of 82. He died at Methodist Hospital in Houston.
Helix Producer 1 is a ship-shaped monohull floating production and offloading vessel, converted from the ferry MV "Karl Carstens". It has no storage capability.
BST begins at 01: 00 GMT on the last Sunday of March and ends at 01: 00 GMT (02: 00 BST) on the last Sunday of October. Since 22 October 1995, the starting and finishing times of daylight saving time across the European Union have been aligned -- for instance Central European Summer Time begins and ends on the same Sundays at exactly the same time (that is, 02: 00 CET, which is 01: 00 GMT). Between 1972 and 1995, BST began and ended at 02: 00 GMT on the third Sunday in March (or second Sunday when Easter fell on the third) and fourth Sunday in October.
Near the Rainbow's End is a 1930 American western directed by J. P. McGowan for Tiffany Productions. The film stars Bob Steele in his talking picture debut as a singing cowboy, Lafe McKee and Al Ferguson and was commercially released in the United States on 10 June 1930.
Windows Phone 8.1 is the third generation of Microsoft's Windows Phone mobile operating system, succeeding Windows Phone 8. Rolled out at Microsoft's Build Conference in San Francisco, California, on April 2, 2014, it was released in final form to Windows Phone developers on April 14, 2014 and reached general availability on August 4, 2014. All Windows Phones running Windows Phone 8 can be upgraded to Windows Phone 8.1, with release dependent on carrier rollout dates.
Velká pardubická is a famous cross-country steeplechase run in Pardubice, Czech Republic since 1874. It takes place every year on the second Sunday in October.
Pesanggrahan is a subdistrict of South Jakarta, one of the administrative city which forms the capital territory of Jakarta, Indonesia. The Pesanggrahan River flows along the eastern edge of Pesanggrahan Subdistrict. To the west of Pesanggrahan Subdistrict is Tangerang Regency, Banten Province.
Fisher Brothers is a real estate firm in New York City. It was formed by Martin Fisher in 1915, soon joined by his brothers Larry (born 1907), and Zachary (born 1910). The Fisher family has substantial real estate holdings in New York City and elsewhere and are considered one of the "royal families" of New York real estate, alongside such clans as the Dursts, Roses, Rudins, and Tishmans. The family's fortune was estimated at $800 million in 1988.
Turner is currently a professor for the Classical Animation program at Sheridan College in Oakville. Previously she taught for Max the Mutt Animation School in Toronto. She will teach the fifth year of the Animex (Animation Exploration) workshop at Visual Arts Brampton Creative Studio.
Violetta (minor planet designation: 557 Violetta) is a minor planet orbiting the Sun that was discovered by German astronomer Max Wolf on 26 January 1905 in Heidelberg. In light of M. F. Wolf's penchant ca. 1905 for naming asteroids after operatic heroines, it is likely that 557 Violetta is named after the protagonist of Giuseppe Verdi's famous opera "La Traviata".
Danko Jones is a Canadian rock trio from Toronto, Ontario. The band consists of Danko Jones (vocals/guitar), John 'JC' Calabrese (bass guitar) and Rich Knox (drums). The band's rock music includes elements of punk and they are known for their humorous lyrics and energetic live shows.
The modern synthesis was the early 20th - century synthesis reconciling Charles Darwin's theory of evolution and Gregor Mendel's ideas on heredity in a joint mathematical framework. Julian Huxley coined the term in his 1942 book, Evolution: The Modern Synthesis.
Israel (/ˈɪzreɪəl/ or /ˈɪzriːəl/; Hebrew: יִשְׂרָאֵל‎ Yisrā'el; Arabic: إِسْرَائِيل‎ Isrāʼīl), officially the State of Israel (Hebrew: מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל‎ Medīnat Yisrā'el [mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel] ( listen); Arabic: دولة إِسْرَائِيل‎ Dawlat Isrāʼīl [dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl]), is a sovereign state in Western Asia. The country is situated in the Middle East at the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Gulf of Aqaba in the Red Sea. It shares land borders with Lebanon to the north, Syria in the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories (which are claimed by the State of Palestine and are partially controlled by Israel) comprising the West Bank and Gaza Strip to the east and west, respectively, and Egypt to the southwest. It contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area. Israel's financial and technology center is Tel Aviv while Jerusalem is both the self-designated capital and most populous individual city under the country's governmental administration. Israeli sovereignty over Jerusalem is internationally unrecognized.[note 1]
Fresno (/ˈfrɛznoʊ/ FREZ-noh), the county seat of Fresno County, is a city in the U.S. state of California. As of 2015, the city's population was 520,159, making it the fifth-largest city in California, the largest inland city in California and the 34th-largest in the nation. Fresno is in the center of the San Joaquin Valley and is the largest city in the Central Valley, which contains the San Joaquin Valley. It is approximately 220 miles (350 km) northwest of Los Angeles, 170 miles (270 km) south of the state capital, Sacramento, or 185 miles (300 km) south of San Francisco. The name Fresno means "ash tree" in Spanish, and an ash leaf is featured on the city's flag.
Har Dil Jo Pyar Karega (English: "Every Heart That Loves") is a 2000 Indian Hindi romance film directed by Raj Kanwar. The film stars Salman Khan, Rani Mukerji, Preity Zinta, and with a special appearance by Shah Rukh Khan. It was highly praised by the critics and was the third hit in a row by Salman Khan-Sajid Nadiadwala (producer) collaboration It became the fourth highest grosser of the year. The film is a remake of 1997 Malayalam film Chandralekha starring Mohanlal and the plot also has some minor elements loosely based on the film "While You Were Sleeping".
Violante is an oil painting attributed to Titian, dated to around 1515 and now held at the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna.
Baron Josef Philipp Vukassovich (; 1755 – 9 August 1809) was a Croatian soldier who joined the army of Habsburg Monarchy and fought against both Ottoman Empire and the First French Republic. During the French Revolutionary Wars, he commanded a brigade in the 1796–1797 Italian campaign against Napoleon Bonaparte. He led a division during the Napoleonic Wars and received a fatal wound in action.
Yandex Browser (Яндекс.Браузер in Russian) is a freeware web browser developed by the Russian web search corporation Yandex that uses the Blink web browser engine and is based on the Chromium open source project. The browser checks webpage security with the Yandex security system and checks downloaded files with Kaspersky anti-virus. The browser also uses Opera Software's Turbo technology to speed web browsing on slow connections.
``Please Do n't Talk to the Lifeguard ''is a song by American pop singer Diane Ray. It was featured on her 1964 album The Exciting Years, and reached number 31 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The State Railways Administration of Uruguay (AFE) operates three commuter rail lines, namely the Empalme Olmos, San Jose and Florida. These lines operate to major suburban areas of Canelones, San José and Florida. Within the Montevideo city limits, local trains stop at Lorenzo Carnelli, Yatai (Step Mill), Sayago, Columbus (line to San Jose and Florida), Peñarol and Manga (line Empalme Olmos) stations. The historic 19th century General Artigas Central Station located in the neighbourhood of Aguada, six blocks from the central business district, was abandoned 1 March 2003 and remains closed. A new station, 500 metres (1,600 ft) north of the old one and part of the Tower of Communications modern complex, has taken over the rail traffic.
Michael Hartnett () (18 September 1941 – 13 October 1999) was an Irish poet who wrote in both English and Irish. He was one of the most significant voices in late 20th-century Irish writing and has been called "Munster's de facto poet laureate".
The 2016 NBA draft was held on June 23, 2016, at Barclays Center in Brooklyn. It was televised nationally in the U.S. by ESPN, and was live streamed for the first time in NBA draft history by The Vertical. National Basketball Association (NBA) teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players and other eligible players, including international players. The draft lottery took place during the playoffs, on May 17, 2016. This was the first time since the lottery system was introduced in 1985 that all NBA teams that missed out on the playoffs remained in the exact spots they were designated, meaning the 10 - win / 72 - loss Philadelphia 76ers received the No. 1 pick, the Los Angeles Lakers kept the No. 2 pick, the Boston Celtics via the Brooklyn Nets got the No. 3 pick, and everyone else stayed in their same spots based on the regular season standings from the 2015 -- 16 season.
This film is about Sooraj Dhanrajgir (Salman Khan), a rich playboy lightening the financial burden of his industrialist grandfather (Anupam Kher) by spending his riches on alcohol and women. His grandfather calls him for some official work back home, beginning with a hotel project in Ooty. There his true character emerges as he starts running after pretty women. The first one he lays his eyes on is Komal (Twinkle Khanna). He convinces her that she is his childhood friend and sweet-talks her into falling for him. But soon she sees him for the player he is and walks out on him.
North Korea (Democratic People's Republic of Korea) first participated at the Olympic Games in 1964, appearing only in the Winter Olympic Games that year. Eight years later in 1972, the nation first participated at the Summer Olympic Games. Since then, the nation has appeared in every Summer Games, except when North Korea joined the Soviet - led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics, and when they boycotted the 1988 Games in Seoul, South Korea.
The U.S. Constitution uses but does not define the phrase ``natural born Citizen '', and various opinions have been offered over time regarding its precise meaning. The consensus of early 21st - century constitutional scholars, together with relevant case law, is that natural - born citizens include, subject to exceptions, those born in the United States. Many scholars have also concluded that those who meet the legal requirements for U.S. citizenship`` at the moment of birth'', regardless of place of birth, are also natural - born citizens. Every president to date was either a citizen at the adoption of the Constitution in 1789 or was born in the United States; of these there have been seven that had at least one parent who was not born on U.S. soil.
Mantua Cathedral () in Mantua, Lombardy, northern Italy, is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint Peter. It is the seat of the Bishop of Mantua.
Some "popular" genre musicians have had significant classical training, such as Billy Joel, Elton John, the Van Halen brothers, Randy Rhoads and Ritchie Blackmore. Moreover, formal training is not unique to the classical genre. Many rock and pop musicians have completed degrees in commercial music programs such as those offered by the Berklee College of Music and many jazz musicians have completed degrees in music from universities with jazz programs, such as the Manhattan School of Music and McGill University.
"Da Flippity Flop" is the nineteenth episode and ninth season finale of "American Dad!", as well as the 152nd episode of the series. The episode aired in the United States on May 12, 2013, on Fox's Animation Domination lineup. It was written by series co-creator Matt Weitzman and directed by Rodney Clouden.
The 6'4 right-hander was selected by the San Diego Padres in the 5th round of the 1999 Major League Baseball Draft. In , Thompson showed his first signs of serious major league potential with the Double-A Mobile BayBears. That season, he went 10-2 with a 3.41 ERA.
Tito's visits to the United States avoided most of the Northeast due to large minorities of Yugoslav emigrants bitter about communism in Yugoslavia. Security for the state visits was usually high to keep him away from protesters, who would frequently burn the Yugoslav flag. During a visit to the United Nations in the late 1970s emigrants shouted "Tito murderer" outside his New York hotel, for which he protested to United States authorities.
The Naas River, a perennial stream of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia.
Genalguacil is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga, part of the autonomous community of Andalusia in southern Spain. The municipality is situated approximately 45 kilometers from Ronda and 34 km from the city of Estepona. It is located west of the province in the Genal valley. It is one of the populations that make up the region of the Serrania de Ronda. Genalguacil is in the judicial district of Ronda.
The former Fourth Church of Christ, Scientist, now known as the Internet Archive, is a historic Christian Science church building located at 300 Funston Avenue, corner of Clement Street, in the Richmond District of San Francisco, California. Built in 1923, it was designed by noted San Francisco architect Carl Werner in the Classical Revival style of architecture.
Gmina Łowicz is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of Łowicz, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
"Silly Sally" is a song by Iron Butterfly that was released as a single in 1971 after the departure of Doug Ingle. Mike Pinera and M. Jones wrote "Silly Sally" in an attempt to keep the band together. Though the usual B-side is "Stone Believer", it has also been issued with "Butterfly Bleu" (voice box solo) on the B-side. The single did not chart and in 1971 Iron Butterfly disbanded.
Book of Ways is a double album of improvised music written by and performed by Keith Jarrett on clavichord which was released on the ECM label in 1987.
Politically, The Sun in the early Murdoch years, remained nominally Labour. It supported the Labour Party led by Harold Wilson in the 1970 General Election, with the headline "Why It Must Be Labour" but by February 1974 it was calling for a vote for the Conservative Party led by Edward Heath while suggesting that it might support a Labour Party led by James Callaghan or Roy Jenkins. In the October election an editorial asserted: "ALL our instincts are left rather than right and we would vote for any able politician who would describe himself as a Social Democrat."
The Canada -- United States border (French: Frontière entre le Canada et les États - Unis), officially known as the International Boundary (French: Frontière internationale), is the longest international border in the world between two countries. It is shared between Canada and the United States, the second - and fourth - largest countries by area, respectively. The terrestrial boundary (including portions of maritime boundaries in the Great Lakes, and on the Atlantic, Pacific, and Arctic coasts) is 8,891 kilometres (5,525 mi) long, of which 2,475 kilometres (1,538 mi) is Canada's border with Alaska. Eight Canadian provinces and territories (Yukon, British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, and New Brunswick), and thirteen U.S. states (Alaska, Washington, Idaho, Montana, North Dakota, Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine) are located along the border.
Justin Long as Alvin Seville, leader of the Chipmunks Matthew Gray Gubler as Simon Seville, member of the Chipmunks Jesse McCartney as Theodore Seville, member of the Chipmunks Christina Applegate as Brittany, leader of the Chipettes Anna Faris as Jeanette, member of the Chipettes Kaley Cuoco as Eleanor, member of the Chipettes
The Sunda Trench, earlier known as, and sometimes still indicated as the Java Trench, is located near Sumatra, formed where the Australian Plate subducts under a part of the Eurasian Plate. With a length of 3,200 kilometres (2,000 mi). The maximum depth of 7,725 metres (25,344 ft) (at 10 ° 19'S, 109 ° 58'E, about 320 km south of Yogyakarta), is the deepest point in the Indian Ocean. The trench stretches from the Lesser Sunda Islands past Java, around the southern coast of Sumatra on to the Andaman Islands, and forms the boundary between Indo - Australian Plate and Eurasian plate (more specifically, Sunda Plate). The trench is considered to be part of the Pacific Ring of Fire as well as one of a ring of oceanic trenches around the northern edges of the Australian Plate.
The Deputy Chairman of the Rajya Sabha presides over the proceedings of the Rajya Sabha in the absence of the Chairman of the Rajya Sabha. The Deputy Chairman is elected internally by the Rajya Sabha.
The Communist Party of Great Britain was refused affiliation to the Labour Party between 1921 and 1923. Meanwhile, the Liberal Party declined rapidly, and the party also suffered a catastrophic split which allowed the Labour Party to gain much of the Liberals' support. With the Liberals thus in disarray, Labour won 142 seats in 1922, making it the second largest political group in the House of Commons and the official opposition to the Conservative government. After the election the now-rehabilitated Ramsay MacDonald was voted the first official leader of the Labour Party.
Rear Admiral James Edward Jouett (7 February 1826 – 30 September 1902), known as "Fighting Jim Jouett of the American Navy", was an officer in the United States Navy during the Mexican–American War and the American Civil War. His father was Matthew Harris Jouett, a notable painter, and his grandfather was Revolutionary War hero Jack Jouett.
The Biggest Loser (season 1) is the first season of the NBC reality television series entitled "The Biggest Loser", which premiered on October 19, 2004. The show features overweight contestants competing to lose the largest percentage of their body weight and receive the title of 'Biggest Loser,' along with a $250,000 grand prize. The first season featured twelve contestants divided into two teams of six players. The teams were each led by a personal trainer, Bob Harper with the Blue Team and Jillian Michaels with the Red Team. The first season was hosted by Caroline Rhea.
Kiri Territory is an administrative region in the Mai-Ndombe District of Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo. The headquarters is the town of Kiri.
The Trophy was stolen from a display in the shop window of W. Shillcock (a football fitter) in Newton Row, Birmingham, after the Final and never recovered despite a £10 reward. According to the Police, it was taken sometime between 21:30 on Wednesday 11 September and 7:30 the following morning, along with cash from a drawer. The cup was replaced by a copy of the original, made by Howard Vaughton, the former Aston Villa player and England international, who had opened a silversmith's business after his retirement from the game.
Return of the Kung Fu Dragon (; Mandarin: Ju ma pao) is a 1976 Taiwanese film directed by Chick Lim Yu.
Xvid is a primary competitor of the DivX Pro Codec. In contrast with the DivX codec, which is proprietary software developed by DivX, Inc., Xvid is free software distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License. This also means that unlike the DivX codec, which is only available for a limited number of platforms, Xvid can be used on all platforms and operating systems for which the source code can be compiled.
Richard Rakowski graduated from Lehman College in 1973 with a bachelor's degree in political science. He then served as a Rotary Foundation ambassador of good will in Germany, where he studied the Holocaust.
The majority of studies indicate antibiotics do interfere with contraceptive pills, such as clinical studies that suggest the failure rate of contraceptive pills caused by antibiotics is very low (about 1%). In cases where antibacterials have been suggested to affect the efficiency of birth control pills, such as for the broad-spectrum antibacterial rifampicin, these cases may be due to an increase in the activities of hepatic liver enzymes' causing increased breakdown of the pill's active ingredients. Effects on the intestinal flora, which might result in reduced absorption of estrogens in the colon, have also been suggested, but such suggestions have been inconclusive and controversial. Clinicians have recommended that extra contraceptive measures be applied during therapies using antibacterials that are suspected to interact with oral contraceptives.
Esther Barsel (born 17 October 1924, in Raguva, Lithuania; died 6 October 2008, in Johannesburg) was a South African political activist and long-standing member of the South African Communist Party (SACP). She was a member of both her local African National Congress branch and the SACP's Johannesburg Central Branch.
Katrina Kaif (pronounced [kəˈʈriːnaː ˈkɛːf], born Katrina Turquotte, 16 July 1983) is an English actress who works in Hindi films. Despite receiving mixed reviews from critics for her acting prowess, she has established herself in Bollywood and is one of India's highest-paid actresses.
Dunn's departure from the band, with Steingard replacing him on vocals marked the shift in the band's genre from fast-paced pop punk to a softer, contemporary alternative pop rock. On December 11, 2012, Hawk Nelson announced they had signed with Fair Trade Services. "Made" was released on April 2, 2013. The album's release was preceded by the release of the album's debut single on January 15, 2013, "Words", featuring Bart Millard of MercyMe, which reached No. 1 on the Christian Hot AC/CHR charts.
Olive San Louie Anderson ( Lexington, Ohio, 1852–1886) was an American woman author and member of the first class of women students who entered the University of Michigan when it became coeducational in 1871. The university had admitted Madelon Stockwell (1845–1924), its first female student, in January 1870. In fall 1871, the university admitted thirty-three more women, two in law, eighteen in medicine, and thirteen in the Department of Science, Literature, and the Arts. Anderson was one of the thirteen.
Born in Serbia, Preki played briefly for Red Star Belgrade in the old Yugoslav First League after coming from FK Čukarički Stankom where he played in their youth team. In the summer of 1985, the Tacoma Stars head coach Bob McNab spotted Preki at an indoor tournament in Belgrade. McNab signed Preki. He played five seasons for the Stars. During those years, he was a three-time First Team All Star, the 1988 and 1989 All Star Game MVP, led the league in assists in 1988 and scoring in 1989 and was the 1989 MISL MVP. During the summer of 1989, Preki began to consider becoming a U.S. citizen and returning to the outdoor game in order to make himself eligible for the U.S. national team. He played one season for Råslätts SK in Sweden in 1990. The Stars released Preki in July 1990 as part of a salary reduction move. In August, he signed with the St. Louis Storm. He played two seasons in St. Louis before being bought by Everton manager Howard Kendall for GBP 100,000 in the summer of 1992 following a trial. He made 53 appearances for the Blues, 28 of those as a substitute. In June 1994, Preki signed with the San Jose Grizzlies of the Continental Indoor Soccer League where he rejoined Bob McNab from his Tacoma days. He played eight games, scoring sixteen goals, before returning to England in August 1994 to play for Portsmouth. On July 5, 1995, the Grizzlies purchased Preki's contract from Portsmouth. He was the CISL's second leading scorer and league MVP.
The 2008 European Road Championships were held in Stresa, Pettenasco, Arona and Verbania, in the province of Novare and Verbano-Cusio-Ossola, Italy, between July 3 and July 6, 2008. Regulated by the European Cycling Union. The event consisted of a road race and a time trial for men and women under 23 and juniors.
The story opens with a brief first - person account of the funeral of Emily Grierson, an elderly Southern woman whose funeral is the obligation of their small town. It then proceeds in a non-linear fashion to the narrator's recollections of Emily's archaic and increasingly strange behavior throughout the years. Emily is a member of a family of the antebellum Southern aristocracy. After the Civil War, the family falls into hard times. She and her father, the last two of the clan, continue to live as if in the past; Emily's father refuses for her to marry. Her father dies when Emily is about the age of 30, which takes her by surprise. She refuses to give up his corpse, and the townspeople write it off as her grieving process. The townspeople pity Emily not only after her father's death, but also during his life when he would n't let Emily marry.
A Magne is a village in south-eastern Laos near the border with Vietnam. It is located in Sa Mouay District in Saravane Province.
Alpena Power Company is a public utility company that provides electricity to most of Alpena County, Michigan, as well as southeastern Presque Isle County and the village of Hillman, in Montmorency County. The headquarters are located in Alpena, Michigan. The company was founded in 1881 by George N. Fletcher.
Beauty of the World () is a 1927 silent Italian film directed by Mario Almirante. The film features an early onscreen performance from Vittorio De Sica.
Candy Coburn is an American national performing country music artist who has shared the stage with many notable artists, including Brooks and Dunn, Kellie Pickler, Montgomery Gentry, Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert, Gary Allan, Josh Turner, Lady Antebellum and others. Scheduled to release her third album in 2010, Candy's most notable contribution to music so far has been her song, "Pink Warrior."
Gideon's Spies: The Secret History of the Mossad is a 1999 book by Welsh author Gordon Thomas on the Mossad, the Israeli intelligence service.
This article describes the history and operation of the railway routes west of Salisbury built by the London and South Western Railway (LSWR) and allied companies, which ultimately became part of the Southern Railway in the United Kingdom. Salisbury forms a natural boundary between the Southern Railway core routes in the counties surrounding London, and the long route connecting with the Devon and Cornwall lines.
The Electric Vehicle was an American automobile manufactured only in 1899. An electric cab, it was widely used in New York City; the company pioneered the use of pressed steel for wheels, and its cars featured front-wheel drive and brakes and rear wheel steering.
Toccara Williams is a former basketball point guard who played for the WNBA's San Antonio Silver Stars in the 2004 season. Prior to playing in the WNBA, she played college basketball at Texas A&M from 2000–04. In her senior year, she led the nation for steals per game among Division I teams with an average of 4.1 steals per game. She was then selected in the third round of the 2004 WNBA Draft. Toccara also played professionally overseas in Turkey, Korea, China, and Israel. Williams now has a non profit organization called Sweet Rebound that is geared towards the youth by utilizing sports as a platform for education.
Charles Mingus was born in Nogales, Arizona. His father, Charles Mingus Sr., was a sergeant in the U.S. Army. Mingus was largely raised in the Watts area of Los Angeles. His maternal grandfather was a Chinese British subject from Hong Kong, and his maternal grandmother was an African-American from the southern United States. Mingus was the third great-grandson of the family's founding patriarch who was, by most accounts, a German immigrant. His ancestors included German American, African American, and Native American.
In the United States Department of Defense, Humanitarian Civic Assistance (HCA) is relief and development activities that take place in the context of an overseas military exercise, training or operation. Under the HCA program, U.S. military personnel participating in overseas deployments carry out humanitarian activities such as road and school construction, vaccination of children and animals, and well-digging. HCA programs are often executed with the involvement of host-country civilian and military personnel. U.S. National Guard or reserve units are involved in many HCA activities.
The Dundas Shamrocks Junior Rugby League Football Club was formed in the mid-1960s as an attachment to St Patrick's Marist College Dundas' sports auxiliary for weekend rugby league within the Balmain Junior Rugby League competition. In the mid-1990s the school sports auxiliary ceased to exist and the club was rechristened the Dundas Shamrocks. The club has been a member of the Balmain Junior Rugby League since its inception in the 1960s and provides teams for age groups from under 6's to A-Grade.
The Gambia is less than 50 kilometres (31 miles) wide at its widest point, with a total area of 11,295 km2 (4,361 sq mi). About 1,300 square kilometres (500 square miles) (11.5%) of The Gambia's area are covered by water. It is the smallest country on the African mainland. In comparative terms, The Gambia has a total area slightly less than that of the island of Jamaica.
Brazil won the tournament after beating Italy 3 -- 2 in a penalty shootout at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California near Los Angeles, after the game had ended 0 -- 0 after extra time. It was the first World Cup final to be decided on penalties. The victory made Brazil the first nation to win four World Cup titles. Greece, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia made their first appearances at the tournament, as did Russia, following the breakup of the Soviet Union. A united Germany team took part in the tournament, as the country was reunified in 1990, a few months after West Germany's victory in the 1990 World Cup.
Mei-Chi Shaw (; born 1955) is a professor of mathematics at the University of Notre Dame. Her research concerns partial differential equations.
Victoria (Alexandrina Victoria; 24 May 1819 -- 22 January 1901) was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death. On 1 May 1876, she adopted the additional title of Empress of India.
Binnaz Uslu (born March 12, 1985 in Ankara) is a retired Turkish middle-distance and long-distance runner. She was banned from sport for life in 2014, after her second doping violation. The tall athlete at is a member of Enkaspor athletics team, where she was coached by Yahya Sevüktekin. Uslu is a student at the Gazi Üniversitesi in Ankara.
The Great American Cowboy is a 1973 documentary film by Kieth Merrill. The film, which won the 1974 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature, is about the battle between two rodeo stars for the world championship: veteran Larry Mahan and newcomer Phil Lyne.
In 2013, Lianne Sanderson signed with Boston Breakers to play in the new National Women's Soccer League. Sanderson and Lohman went on loan to Cypriot club Apollon Limassol after the American season had finished, to play in the UEFA Women's Champions League.
Antonio Squarcialupi (27 March 1416 – 6 July 1480) was an Italian organist and composer. He was the most famous organist in Italy in the mid-15th century.
The Pontiac Bonneville Special is a purpose-built concept car unveiled at the General Motors Motorama in 1954, the first 2-seater sports car Pontiac had ever produced. Conceived by renowned designer Harley J. Earl and hand built by Homer C. LaGassey Jr. and Paul Gilland, the "Special" is a grand touring sport coupé that incorporated innovative styling like a Plexiglas canopy with gull-wing windows on a sleek fiberglass body. The name "Bonneville" was meant to convey high performance, inspired by a trip Earl had taken to Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah to observe speed trials there. It was the first GM vehicle to carry the name, subsequently given to the Division's full-size performance car, the Bonneville, which carried it for 47 years.
"Alive and Schticking" is the season premiere of the American television series "Will & Grace"s eighth season. It was written by Bill Wrubel and directed by series producer James Burrows. The episode was broadcast live on NBC in the United States on September 29, 2005, and was performed twice by the actors that evening for the East and West coasts. Alec Baldwin guest starred in "Alive and Schticking" and received an Emmy Award nomination for his performance.
The American Federal Building, also known as the American Federal Savings and Loan Building, the Coral Gables Building, and the Round Building, was an iconic seven-story office building in downtown Orlando, Florida. The bottom two floors, encircled with a cast concrete brise soleil comprise the original building, completed in 1963. The building's unique architecture and history have inspired efforts to preserve it from demolition.
The Romans were the first known to use glass for windows, a technology likely first produced in Roman Egypt, in Alexandria ca. 100 AD. Paper windows were economical and widely used in ancient China, Korea and Japan. In England, glass became common in the windows of ordinary homes only in the early 17th century whereas windows made up of panes of flattened animal horn were used as early as the 14th century. In the 19th century American west, greased paper windows came to be used by itinerant groups. Modern - style floor - to - ceiling windows became possible only after the industrial plate glass making processes were fully perfected.
Kai Altair is an American singer/songwriter based in Brooklyn, New York. Altair attended the Manhattan School of Music and the Brooklyn Conservatory, and her style is influenced by dance culture, myth, storytelling, and dreams.
The Shanghai Bull, the Bund Financial Bull or the Bund Bull are monikers associated with a derivative of Arturo Di Modica's "Charging Bull" installed in late April 2010 and unveiled on The Bund in Shanghai on May 15, 2010. The work of art is said to have the same height, length and weight as the New York City "Charging Bull". The bull is reddish as a tribute to the country that commissioned the work. It leans to right instead of the left like "Charging Bull" and has a more menacing tail. The Bull's popularity has been a problem for local authorities.
Comet in Moominland (Swedish: "Kometjakten" / "Mumintrollet på kometjakt" / "Kometen kommer") is the second in Finnish author Tove Jansson's series of Moomin books. Published in 1946, it marks the first appearance of several main characters, such as Snufkin and the Snork Maiden.
Huexotla is considered to hold vestiges of the most important ancient Acolhuacan reign in the east of the Mexico highlands plateau.
Doha (Arabic: الدوحة ‎ ‎, ad - Dawḥa or ad - Dōḥa, pronounced (addawħa), literally in MSA: ``the big tree '', locally:`` rounded bays'') is the capital city and most populous city of the State of Qatar. Doha has a population of 1,351,000 in a city proper with the population close to 1.5 million. The city is located on the coast of the Persian Gulf in the east of the country. It is Qatar's fastest growing city, with over 50% of the nation's population living in Doha or its surrounding suburbs, and it is also the economic center of the country.
It is an important source of renewable energy and its technologies are broadly characterized as either passive solar or active solar depending on the way they capture and distribute solar energy or convert it into solar power. Active solar techniques include the use of photovoltaic systems, concentrated solar power and solar water heating to harness the energy. Passive solar techniques include orienting a building to the Sun, selecting materials with favorable thermal mass or light dispersing properties, and designing spaces that naturally circulate air.
The Taifa of Alpuente was a medieval Berber taifa kingdom that existed from around 1009 to 1106 created following the end of the Caliphate of Córdoba in the Iberian Peninsula in 1010. It was ruled by the Kutama Berber family of the Banū Qāsim.
The Badigeru swamp (or Bedigeru, Badingilu) swamp lies in South Sudan, in the Central Equatoria and Eastern Equatoria states between Terekeka and Lafon.
The Taifa of Guadix and Baza was a medieval Moorish taifa kingdom. It existed from only 1145 to 1151 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Murcia.
John Shuter (9 February 1855 Thornton Heath, Surrey, England – 5 July 1920, Blackheath, Kent, England) was a cricketer who played for England and Surrey in the late 19th century. He is best remembered for captaining Surrey to a string of wins in the County Championship around the time it became official in 1890, aided by the bowler George Lohmann and back up by John Sharpe and William Lockwood. Shuter first led Surrey to the County Championship in 1887. They then came first in 1888, tied with Lancashire and Nottinghamshire in 1889, and won again in 1890, 1891 and 1892. Shuter was a batsman and chiefly an off-side player.
The Secret World of Og is a children's novel written by Pierre Berton and illustrated by his daughter Patsy. It was first published in 1961 by McClelland and Stewart.
The Technical Education Center Osceola (TECO) is an institution in unincorporated Osceola County, Florida, United States designed to train individuals for entry-level employment and to improve current job skills for employed students. In August 1999 the "Professional And Technical High School (PATHS)" opened on TECO’s Central Florida campus. PATHS allows high school students from all over the Osceola County School District to take advantage of TECO’s technical programs.
New Castle Northwest is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lawrence County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,413 at the 2010 census.
Regarding internal borders, while territories could shift wildly in size, once established a state has commonly remained within its borders, barring small changes due to river shifts. Only four states - Maine, Kentucky, Vermont, and West Virginia - have been created from land claimed by another state; all of the others were created from territories or directly from acquisitions. The last state of the contiguous United States, commonly called the ``lower 48, ''was admitted in 1912; the fiftieth and most recent state was admitted in 1959.
The IAWA also compiles biographical information. There is information about more than 650 women representing 48 countries and 42 states/territories in the United States available in the IAWA Biographical Database.
After finding the quantized character of charge, in 1891 George Stoney proposed the unit 'electron' for this fundamental unit of electrical charge. This was before the discovery of the particle by J.J. Thomson in 1897. The unit is today treated as nameless, referred to as ``elementary charge '',`` fundamental unit of charge'', or simply as ``e ''. A measure of charge should be a multiple of the elementary charge e, even if at large scales charge seems to behave as a real quantity. In some contexts it is meaningful to speak of fractions of a charge; for example in the charging of a capacitor, or in the fractional quantum Hall effect.
The first satellite, BeiDou-1A, was launched on October 31, 2000. The second satellite, BeiDou-1B, was successfully launched on December 21, 2000. The last operational satellite of the constellation, BeiDou-1C, was launched on May 25, 2003.
"American Bandstand" premiered locally in late March 1950 as Bandstand on Philadelphia television station WFIL-TV Channel 6 (now WPVI-TV), as a replacement for a weekday movie that had shown predominantly British films. Hosted by Bob Horn as a television adjunct to his radio show of the same name on WFIL radio, "Bandstand" mainly featured short musical films produced by Snader Telescriptions and Official Films, with occasional studio guests. This incarnation was an early predecessor of sorts of the music video shows that became popular in the 1980s, featuring films that are themselves the ancestors of music videos.
The Battle of Mount Longdon was an engagement of the Falklands War between the British Third Battalion, of the Parachute Regiment supported by six L118 light guns and the vessel and Argentine forces consisting of the 7th Infantry Regiment and other ad hoc additions. The engagement took place on 11–12 June 1982, a mixture of hand-to-hand bayonet charges and ranged engagments, resulting in the British victory and their occupation of a key position around the besieged Argentine garrison at Port Stanley.
The A45 autoroute is a proposed motorway in central France scheduled to open in 2015. Work stopped after initial studies in 1993. It will be controlled by a motorway company as yet unannounced. It will be a toll road. It will replace the A47, known for being obsolete and accident-prone. It will be privately managed in order to profitably be capable of bearing the intense traffic that will be brought to it from the influx of motorists to the A45 who currently drive on the A47. The project is officially dropped in 2018.
Pinckneyville is a city in and the county seat of Perry County, Illinois, United States. The population was 5,464 at the 2000 census. It is named for Charles Cotesworth Pinckney, an early American diplomat and presidential candidate.
Anthony James "Tony" Renna (November 23, 1976 – October 22, 2003) was an American race car driver who raced in the Indy Racing League IndyCar Series. He made seven starts for Kelley Racing in 2002 and 2003 including the 2003 Indianapolis 500. His best finish was fourth place at Michigan International Speedway in 2002. Renna signed to drive for Chip Ganassi Racing for the 2004 IndyCar Series season alongside Scott Dixon, but during an offseason tire test at Indianapolis Motor Speedway on October 22, 2003, his car spun and became airborne, smashed into the catch fence and shredded apart. Renna died instantly.
In 1466, perhaps 40,000 people died of the plague in Paris. During the 16th and 17th centuries, the plague was present in Paris around 30 per cent of the time. The Black Death ravaged Europe for three years before it continued on into Russia, where the disease was present somewhere in the country 25 times between 1350 to 1490. Plague epidemics ravaged London in 1563, 1593, 1603, 1625, 1636, and 1665, reducing its population by 10 to 30% during those years. Over 10% of Amsterdam's population died in 1623–25, and again in 1635–36, 1655, and 1664. Plague occurred in Venice 22 times between 1361 and 1528. The plague of 1576–77 killed 50,000 in Venice, almost a third of the population. Late outbreaks in central Europe included the Italian Plague of 1629–1631, which is associated with troop movements during the Thirty Years' War, and the Great Plague of Vienna in 1679. Over 60% of Norway's population died in 1348–50. The last plague outbreak ravaged Oslo in 1654.
Norfolk Assembly was a Ford manufacturing plant that opened on April 20, 1925 on the Elizabeth River, near downtown Norfolk, Virginia -- closing in 2007.
At the centre of this wing is the famous balcony with the Centre Room behind its glass doors. This is a Chinese-style saloon enhanced by Queen Mary, who, working with the designer Sir Charles Allom, created a more "binding" Chinese theme in the late 1920s, although the lacquer doors were brought from Brighton in 1873. Running the length of the piano nobile of the east wing is the great gallery, modestly known as the Principal Corridor, which runs the length of the eastern side of the quadrangle. It has mirrored doors, and mirrored cross walls reflecting porcelain pagodas and other oriental furniture from Brighton. The Chinese Luncheon Room and Yellow Drawing Room are situated at each end of this gallery, with the Centre Room obviously placed in the centre.
In 2017, total world crude steel production was 1,691.2 million tonnes (Mt). The biggest steel producing country is currently China, which accounted for 49.2% of world steel production in 2017. In 2008, 2009, 2015 and 2016 output fell in the majority of steel - producing countries as a result of the global recession. In 2010 and 2017, it started to rise again.
Catellus () was a legendary king of the Britons, as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth's work "Historia Regum Britanniae". According to Geoffrey, he was the son of King Gerennus and was succeeded by his son, Millus. In some versions of the "Brut y Brenhinedd", a series of Welsh versions of Geoffrey's "Historia", Catellus is succeeded by his son Coel, who is then succeeded by his own son Porrex II.
Peredurus () is a legendary king of the Britons in Geoffrey of Monmouth's pseudohistorical chronicle "Historia Regum Britanniae". According to Geoffrey, he was the youngest son of King Morvidus and brother of Gorbonianus, Archgallo, Elidurus, and Ingenius.
Dorothy "Dottie" Alexander was the keyboardist for of Montreal, an American indie pop band formed in Athens, Georgia and fronted by Kevin Barnes.
Rights of Man (1791), a book by Thomas Paine, including 31 articles, posits that popular political revolution is permissible when a government does not safeguard the natural rights of its people. Using these points as a base it defends the French Revolution against Edmund Burke's attack in "Reflections on the Revolution in France" (1790).
For collectable or nostalgia purposes, or for the benefit of higher-quality audio playback provided by the 78 rpm speed with newer vinyl records and their lightweight stylus pickups, a small number of 78 rpm records have been released since the major labels ceased production. One of the first attempts at this was in the 1950s, when inventor Ewing Dunbar Nunn founded the label Audiophile Records, which released, in addition to standard 33 1/3 rpm LPs, 78 rpm-mastered albums that were microgroove and pressed on vinyl (as opposed to traditional 78s, with their shellac composition and wider 3-mil sized grooves). This was done by the label mainly to take advantage of the wider audio frequency response that faster speeds like 78 rpm can provide for vinyl microgroove records, hence the label's name (obviously catering to the audiophiles of the 1950s "hi-fi" era, when stereo gear could provide a much wider range of audio than before). Also in the late 1950s, Bell Records released a few budget-priced 7" microgrooved records at 78 rpm.
WOPP (1290 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Opp, Alabama. The station is owned by Broadcasting, Inc. It airs a variety format with a mix of country music and oldies during the week and Southern Gospel music on Sundays.
The Fashion Museum (known before 2007 as the Museum of Costume) is housed in the Assembly Rooms in Bath, Somerset, England.
Aída Bortnik (7 January 1938 – 27 April 2013) was an Argentine screenwriter, nominated for an Academy Award for her work in the film "La historia oficial" (1985). She has the notable distinction of having written the screenplay for both the first Argentine film nominated for an Academy Award ("The Truce", 1974) and the first Argentine film to win an Academy Award ("La historia oficial").
The Cathedral of Saint Mary of the Immaculate Conception is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Lafayette in Indiana. It is located at 1207 Columbia Street in Lafayette, Indiana. It is also a contributing property in the St. Mary Historic District.
``The Night Begins to Shine ''is a song by the band B.E.R. from the Teen Titans Go! TV series The song was originally written and produced in 2005 as an`` '80s - style song'' for a music library. The song was first featured in the Teen Titans Go! episode, ``Slumber Party ''as a throwaway joke. The song became popular with fans of the show. The song was subsequently featured in the episode,`` 40%, 40%, 20%'', and was prominently featured in the four - part special, ``The Day the Night Stopped Beginning to Shine and Became Dark Even Though It Was the Day ''. The special also featured two other songs by B.E.R.,`` Forever Mine'' and ``Rise Up '', as well as three covers of the song from Fall Out Boy, CeeLo Green, and Puffy AmiYumi.
The Chevrolet Opala was a Brazilian executive car sold under the Chevrolet brand in South America from 1969 to 1992, by General Motors do Brasil. It was derived from the German Opel Rekord Series C, Opel Commodore Series A, but used USA-sourced engines and a local design styling. Two four-cylinder engines: the Chevrolet 153ci 4-cylinder from Chevy II/Nova, which later got a new crankshaft stroke and cylinder bore, changing its size to 151ci (usually mistaken for the Pontiac Iron Duke engine), and the six-cylinder 250 from the contemporary line of North American car/light truck production. GM manufactured about one million units including the Opala sedan, Opala Coupé, and the station wagon variant, the Opala Caravan. It was replaced by the Chevrolet Omega in 1992, also an Opel spinoff. It was the first passenger car built by GM in Brazil by the General Motors do Brasil division. A luxury version of the Opala was marketed as the Chevrolet Diplomata.
Cork City is at the heart of industry in the south of Ireland. Its main area of industry is pharmaceuticals, with Pfizer Inc. and Swiss company Novartis being big employers in the region. The most famous product of the Cork pharmaceutical industry is Viagra. Cork is also the European headquarters of Apple Inc. where over 3,000 staff are involved in manufacturing, R&D and customer support. Logitech and EMC Corporation are also important IT employers in the area. Three hospitals are also among the top ten employers in the city (see table below).
In the 20th century, Russian was mandatorily taught in the schools of the members of the old Warsaw Pact and in other countries that used to be satellites of the USSR. In particular, these countries include Poland, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary, Albania, former East Germany and Cuba. However, younger generations are usually not fluent in it, because Russian is no longer mandatory in the school system. According to the Eurobarometer 2005 survey, though, fluency in Russian remains fairly high (20–40%) in some countries, in particular those where the people speak a Slavic language and thereby have an edge in learning Russian (namely, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Bulgaria).
"Never Gonna Fall in Love Again" is a song co-written and recorded by American pop rock artist Eric Carmen. It was released as the second single from Carmen's self-titled debut solo album, the song peaked at number 11 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in June 1976, remaining in the Top 40 for ten weeks. The song reached number one on the "Billboard" Easy Listening chart. In Canada, it was a number-one hit on both charts.
Jyoti Amge (born 16 December 1993) is an Indian woman notable for being the world's smallest living woman according to Guinness World Records.
The Embassy of the United Arab Emirates at 1-2 Grosvenor Crescent in the Grosvenor Crescent district of London, is the diplomatic mission of the United Arab Emirates in the United Kingdom. The UAE also maintains a Consulate, Police Liaison Section & Cultural Attaché's office at 48 Prince's Gate, South Kensington, a Military Attaché's Office at 6 Queen's Gate Terrace, South Kensington and a Health Section at 71 Harley Street, Marylebone.
As the 1954 congressional elections approached, and it became evident that the Republicans were in danger of losing their thin majority in both houses, Eisenhower was among those blaming the Old Guard for the losses, and took up the charge to stop suspected efforts by the right wing to take control of the GOP. Eisenhower then articulated his position as a moderate, progressive Republican: "I have just one purpose ... and that is to build up a strong progressive Republican Party in this country. If the right wing wants a fight, they are going to get it ... before I end up, either this Republican Party will reflect progressivism or I won't be with them anymore."
The Stadio San Nicola () is a multi-use all-seater stadium designed by Renzo Piano in Bari, Italy. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of F.C. Bari 1908. The stadium itself resembles a 'flower'. To create this particular design, the stadium consists of 26 'petals' and upper tiers of the higher ring which are separated by 8-metre empty spaces, sufficient to guarantee satisfactory security conditions.
Born in Hereford, Herefordshire, Newman played as a central defender, beginning his career with Birmingham City in 1951 where he won the Second Division and was on the losing side in the 1956 FA Cup Final. He moved on to Leicester City and then to Plymouth Argyle, for whom he made over 300 appearances between 1960 and 1967. In 1966 he played for the Football League representative team which beat the Irish Football League 12–0 at Home Park; the Football League team contained seven of the 1966 World Cup-winning team. He then moved on to Devon rivals Exeter City, where he was made player-manager in 1969, continuing in the manager's role after he retired from playing in 1972. He moved on to Grimsby Town, gaining promotion to the Third Division, and had a largely unsuccessful eleven months in charge at Derby County, before returning to his home town to manage Hereford United.
The Texas Revolution (October 2, 1835 -- April 21, 1836) was a rebellion of colonists from the United States and Tejanos (Texas Mexicans) in putting up armed resistance to the centralist government of Mexico. While the uprising was part of a larger one that included other provinces opposed to the regime of President Antonio López de Santa Anna, the Mexican government believed the United States had instigated the Texas insurrection with the goal of annexation. The Mexican Congress passed the Tornel Decree, declaring that any foreigners fighting against Mexican troops ``will be deemed pirates and dealt with as such, being citizens of no nation presently at war with the Republic and fighting under no recognized flag. ''Only the province of Texas succeeded in breaking with Mexico, establishing the Republic of Texas, and eventually being annexed by the United States.
Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends (sometimes shortened to "Sunny Patch") is a Canadian-British children's television series based on the children's books by David Kirk. The series originally aired on Teletoon in Canada and Nickelodeon in the United States.
Frederick Charles Adler (usually known as F. Charles Adler) (born on 2 July 1889 in London and died 16 February 1959 in Vienna) was an English-German conductor.
The galactic year, also known as a cosmic year, is the duration of time required for the Sun to orbit once around the center of the Milky Way Galaxy. Estimates of the length of one orbit range from 225 to 250 million terrestrial years. The Solar System is traveling at an average speed of 828,000 km / h (230 km / s) or 514,000 mph (143 mi / s) within its trajectory around the galactic center, a speed at which an object could circumnavigate the Earth's equator in 2 minutes and 54 seconds; that speed corresponds to approximately 1 / 1300 of the speed of light.
Danger – Love at Work is a 1937 American screwball comedy film directed by Otto Preminger. The screenplay by James Edward Grant and Ben Markson focuses on an attorney's frustrating efforts to deal with a wildly eccentric family.
Tarot Classics is an EP by Florida-based indie rock band Surfer Blood released on October 25, 2011 on Kanine Records. It is their last release for Kanine.
Assam Football Association was formed in 1951, but the game of football has been played since before independence of India. The game of Football was introduced by and an institution and some individual persons. It is affiliated to the All India Football Federation, Assam council of sports and Assam Olympic association. The association controls men and women football game in the state of Assam. The game of football is very much popular in the four district viz. Dibrugarh, Kokrajhar, Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao. The team of Association member is four years. The Nature of election of office bearers is based on the affiliated district units of football to Assam Football Association.
Thousands (perhaps even millions) of performances of William Shakespeare's plays have been staged since the end of the 16th century. While Shakespeare was alive, many of his greatest plays were performed by the Lord Chamberlain's Men and King's Men acting companies at the Globe and Blackfriars Theatres. Among the actors of these original performances were Richard Burbage (who played the title role in the first performances of Hamlet, Othello, Richard III and King Lear), Richard Cowley, and William Kempe.
Catalan (/ˈkætəlæn/; autonym: català [kətəˈla] or [kataˈla]) is a Romance language named for its origins in Catalonia, in what is northeastern Spain and adjoining parts of France. It is the national and only official language of Andorra, and a co-official language of the Spanish autonomous communities of Catalonia, the Balearic Islands, and Valencia (where the language is known as Valencian, and there exist regional standards). It also has semi-official status in the city of Alghero on the Italian island of Sardinia. It is also spoken with no official recognition in parts of the Spanish autonomous communities of Aragon (La Franja) and Murcia (Carche), and in the historic French region of Roussillon/Northern Catalonia, roughly equivalent to the department of Pyrénées-Orientales.
Franklin County Regional Airport , formerly known as Chambersburg Municipal Airport, is a general aviation airport located three miles (5 km) north of the Borough of Chambersburg, in Franklin County, Pennsylvania, USA. The airport is situated approximately 45 miles southwest of Harrisburg.
Usi County is a "kun", or county, in westernmost Chagang Province, North Korea. It looks across the Yalu River into the People's Republic of China. Within North Korea, it borders Chosan and Kopung to the east, Songwon to the south, and North Pyongan Province's Pyoktong county to the west. Originally part of Pyoktong, it was made a separate county in 1952 as part of a general reorganization of local government; in 1954, it was transferred from North Pyongan to Chagang.
George VI Formal photo portrait, circa 1940 -- 1946 King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions (more...) Reign 11 December 1936 -- 6 February 1952 Coronation 12 May 1937 Predecessor Edward VIII Successor Elizabeth II Prime Ministers See list Emperor of India Reign 11 December 1936 -- 15 August 1947 Predecessor Edward VIII (1895 - 12 - 14) 14 December 1895 York Cottage, Sandringham House, Norfolk, United Kingdom 6 February 1952 (1952 - 02 - 06) (aged 56) Sandringham House, Norfolk, United Kingdom Burial 15 February 1952 St George's Chapel, Windsor Castle Spouse Elizabeth Bowes - Lyon (m. 1923) Issue Detail Elizabeth II Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon Full name Albert Frederick Arthur George House Windsor (from 1917) Saxe - Coburg and Gotha (until 1917) Father George V Mother Mary of Teck Signature Military career Allegiance United Kingdom Service / branch Royal Navy Royal Air Force Years of service 1909 -- 1919 (active service) Battles / wars Battle of Jutland Awards Mentioned in dispatches
The Worship of Venus is an oil on canvas painting by the Italian artist Titian completed between 1518–1519, housed at the Museo del Prado in Madrid, Spain. It describes a Roman rite of worship conducted in honour of the goddess Venus each 1 April. On this occasion, women would make offerings to representations of the goddess so as to cleanse "every blemish on their bodies".
MV "Rapana" was one of nine Anglo Saxon Royal Dutch/Shell oil tankers converted to become a Merchant Aircraft Carrier (MAC ship). The group is collectively known as the "Rapana" class.
The film follows Norman H. Gershman, an American photographer as he travels to Albania, a mostly Muslim country, interviewing and photographing families who rescued Jews during World War II. Along the way Gershman meets Rexhep Hoxha, a Muslim shopkeeper. Rexhep seeks to fulfill a promise made by his father to the Jewish family they sheltered during Nazi occupation. With Gershman's help, Rexhep embarks on a journey across cultural and religious divides to return a set of mysterious books written in Hebrew to the original owners. On his quest, Rexhep discovers the unknown story of his father’s astonishing act of bravery and selflessness.
The Maxx is an American comic book series created by Sam Kieth in 1993 and originally published monthly by Image Comics, then collected in trade paperback by DC Comic's Wildstorm imprint. Starting in November 2013, it has been republished by IDW with new colors and improved scans of the original artwork by Sam Kieth and Jim Sinclair. The comic book, starring an eponymous purple hero, spawned an animated series on MTV. The first appearance of The Maxx was in "Primer" #5, published by .
After the Labour Party won the 1945 election, Eden went into opposition as Deputy Leader of the Conservative Party. Many felt that Churchill should have retired and allowed Eden to become party leader, but Churchill refused to consider this. As early as the spring of 1946, Eden openly asked Churchill to retire in his favour. He was in any case depressed during this period by the break-up of his first marriage and the death of his eldest son. Churchill was in many ways only "part-time Leader of the Opposition", given his many journeys abroad and his literary work, and left the day-to-day work largely to Eden. Eden was largely regarded as lacking sense of party politics and contact with the common man. In these opposition years, however, he developed some knowledge about domestic affairs and created the idea of a "property-owning-democracy", which Margaret Thatcher's government attempted to achieve decades later. His domestic agenda is overall considered centre-left.
Gmina Włodawa is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, on the border with Belarus and Ukraine. Its seat is the town of Włodawa, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
Gomer (גֹּמֶר, Standard Hebrew "Gómer", Tiberian Hebrew "Gōmer", ; ) was the eldest son of Japheth (and of the Japhetic line), and father of Ashkenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah, according to the "Table of Nations" in the Hebrew Bible (Genesis 10).
From 1657 to 1738 Merseburg was the residence of the Dukes of Saxe-Merseburg, after which it fell to the Electorate of Saxony. In 1815 following the Napoleonic Wars, the town became part of the Prussian Province of Saxony.
The preferred name for the holiday gradually changed from ``Decoration Day ''to`` Memorial Day,'' which was first used in 1882. Memorial Day did not become the more common name until after World War II, and was not declared the official name by Federal law until 1967. On June 28, 1968, Congress passed the Uniform Monday Holiday Act, which moved four holidays, including Memorial Day, from their traditional dates to a specified Monday in order to create a convenient three - day weekend. The change moved Memorial Day from its traditional May 30 date to the last Monday in May. The law took effect at the federal level in 1971. After some initial confusion and unwillingness to comply, all 50 states adopted Congress' change of date within a few years.
The program premiered on September 4, 1972 on CBS. Bob Barker was the series' longest - running host from its 1972 debut until his retirement in June 2007, when Drew Carey took over. Barker was accompanied by a series of announcers, beginning with Johnny Olson, followed by Rod Roddy and then Rich Fields. In April 2011, George Gray became the announcer. The show has used several models, most notably Anitra Ford, Janice Pennington, Dian Parkinson, Holly Hallstrom and Kathleen Bradley. While retaining some elements of the original version of the show, the 1972 version has added many new distinctive gameplay elements.
The 2002 NBA draft was held on June 26, 2002, at The Theater at Madison Square Garden. In this draft, National Basketball Association (NBA) teams took turns selecting 57 amateur college basketball players and other first-time eligible players, such as players from non-North American leagues. The draft was broadcast on TNT at 7:30 PM (EDT). The NBA announced that about 42 college and high school players, and five international players, had filed as early-entry candidates for the draft. The Chicago Bulls and the Golden State Warriors both had a 22.5 percent probability of acquiring the first overall pick, but the Houston Rockets, with an 8.9 percent probability, won the NBA draft lottery on May 19. The Bulls and Warriors were second and third, respectively. As punishment for salary-cap violations during the 2000–01 season, the Minnesota Timberwolves forfeited their first-round draft pick.
The Child's Bath (or The Bath) is an 1893 oil painting by American artist Mary Cassatt. The subject matter and the overhead perspective were inspired by Japanese woodblocks. It shows dignity in motherhood and has a style similar to that of Degas.
A Slave of Vanity is a 1920 American silent drama film starring Pauline Frederick, and directed and written by Henry Otto. The film was produced and distributed by the Robertson-Cole Pictures Corporation that eventually became part of Film Booking Office of America. The film is now considered lost.
The Namibian Constitution adopted in February 1990 incorporated protection for human rights, compensation for state expropriations of private property, an independent judiciary and an executive presidency (the constituent assembly became the national assembly). The country officially became independent on 21 March 1990. Sam Nujoma was sworn in as the first President of Namibia watched by Nelson Mandela (who had been released from prison the previous month) and representatives from 147 countries, including 20 heads of state. Walvis Bay was ceded to Namibia in 1994 upon the end of Apartheid in South Africa.[citation needed]
Gmina Ujsoły is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, on the Slovak border. Its seat is the village of Ujsoły, which lies approximately south of Żywiec and south of the regional capital Katowice.
Plots ranged from the simple ``dog - helps - person ''stories to secret agent - type adventures. The series theme song,`` Maybe Tomorrow'', was sung by Terry Bush. In 2005, Bush commercially released the song on his debut album, entitled Maybe Tomorrow. The song was later used in a 2011 Dulux paint advertisement. Additionally, in 2017, the song was in a Canada 150 Co-Op stores advertisement.
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Limited is a British luxury automobile maker. A wholly owned subsidiary of German group BMW, it was established in 1998 after BMW was licensed the rights to the Rolls-Royce brand name and logo from Rolls-Royce plc and acquired the rights to the Spirit of Ecstasy and Rolls-Royce grill shape trademarks from Volkswagen AG. Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Limited operates from purpose-built administrative and production facilities opened in 2003 across from the historic Goodwood Circuit in Goodwood, West Sussex, England, United Kingdom. Rolls-Royce Motors Cars Limited is the exclusive manufacturer of Rolls-Royce branded motor cars since 2003.
The Mariana Trench or Marianas Trench, located in the western Pacific Ocean approximately 200 kilometres (124 mi) east of the Mariana Islands, is the deepest point in the world's oceans. It is a crescent - shaped trough in the Earth's crust averaging about 2,550 km (1,580 mi) long and 69 km (43 mi) wide. The maximum - known depth is 10,994 metres (36,070 ft) (± 40 metres (130 ft)) at the southern end of a small slot - shaped valley in its floor known as the Challenger Deep. However, some, unrepeated, measurements place the deepest portion at 11,034 metres (36,201 ft). For comparison: if Mount Everest were dropped into the trench at this point, its peak would still be over 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) underwater.
Besides the original, at least four other additional versions of the Death of General Wolfe were also produced by West. The primary copy of "The Death of General Wolfe" is currently in the collection of the National Gallery of Canada, with further examples kept at the Royal Ontario Museum (as part of the Canadiana art collection) and the University of Michigan Museum of Art. The fourth copy produced resides at Ickworth House, Suffolk, England. Each reproduction had its own variation in the depiction of Wolfe's death. A fifth autograph copy was commissioned by George III in 1771 and is still in the Royal Collection.
There have been 18 managers for the Padres franchise. The team's first manager was Preston Gómez, who managed for four seasons. Bruce Bochy is the franchise's all - time leader for the most regular - season games managed (1926), the most regular - season game wins (951), the most playoff games managed (24), and the most playoff - game wins (8). Bob Skinner is the Padres' all - time leader for the highest regular - season winning percentage, as he has only managed one game, which he won. Of the managers who have managed a minimum of 162 games (one season), Jack McKeon has the highest regular - season winning percentage with. 541, having managed for 357 games. Dick Williams, the only Padres manager to have been elected into the Baseball Hall of Fame, is the franchise's all - time leader for the highest playoff winning percentage with. 400. Williams and Bochy are the only managers to have won an NL Championship with the Padres, in 1984 and 1998 respectively. Bochy and Black are the only managers to have won a Manager of the Year Award with the Padres, in 1996 and 2010. Greg Riddoch and Jerry Coleman have spent their entire managing careers with the Padres.
During Hayek's years at the University of Vienna, Carl Menger's work on the explanatory strategy of social science and Friedrich von Wieser's commanding presence in the classroom left a lasting influence on him. Upon the completion of his examinations, Hayek was hired by Ludwig von Mises on the recommendation of Wieser as a specialist for the Austrian government working on the legal and economic details of the Treaty of Saint Germain. Between 1923 and 1924 Hayek worked as a research assistant to Prof. Jeremiah Jenks of New York University, compiling macroeconomic data on the American economy and the operations of the US Federal Reserve.
Between 1948 and 1958, the Jewish population rose from 800,000 to two million. Currently, Jews account for 75.4% of the Israeli population, or 6 million people. The early years of the State of Israel were marked by the mass immigration of Holocaust survivors in the aftermath of the Holocaust and Jews fleeing Arab lands. Israel also has a large population of Ethiopian Jews, many of whom were airlifted to Israel in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Between 1974 and 1979 nearly 227,258 immigrants arrived in Israel, about half being from the Soviet Union. This period also saw an increase in immigration to Israel from Western Europe, Latin America, and North America.
La Zubia is a municipality located in the province of Granada, Spain. According to the 2010 census (INE), the city has a population of 18,240 inhabitants.
The Canada Act 1982 (1982 c. 11) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that was passed at the request of the Canadian federal government to ``patriate ''Canada's constitution, ending the necessity for the British parliament to be involved in making changes to the Constitution of Canada. The Act also formally ended the`` request and consent'' provisions of the Statute of Westminster 1931 in relation to Canada, whereby the British parliament had a general power to pass laws extending to Canada at its own request.
For the United States, Article One, Section Eight of the Constitution says ``Congress shall have power to... declare War. ''However, that passage provides no specific format for what form legislation must have in order to be considered a`` declaration of war'' nor does the Constitution itself use this term. In the courts, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, in Doe v. Bush, said: ``(T) he text of the October Resolution itself spells out justifications for a war and frames itself as an 'authorization' of such a war. ''in effect saying an authorization suffices for declaration and what some may view as a formal Congressional`` Declaration of War'' was not required by the Constitution.
Nathalie Boutefeu (born 1968) is a French actress, film director and screenwriter. She has appeared in 40 films since 1990. She starred in the film "The Butterfly's Dream", which was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1994 Cannes Film Festival.
Eli Langer (born 1967 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian visual artist. Langer rose to prominence in 1993, while 26 years old, in the Toronto art world with a solo exhibition at the Mercer Union Gallery in Toronto. The exhibition consisted of 8 paintings and 50 drawings addressing various issues of childhood sexuality. Toronto police raided the exhibition under Canada's new child pornography legislation and seized 5 paintings and 35 drawings. This event and ensuing media coverage created a national debate over the reach of law and freedom of expression.
India Nuclear programme start date 1967 First nuclear weapon test 18 May 1974 First fusion weapon test 11 May 1998 Most recent test 13 May 1998 Largest - yield test 20 - 60 kt total Number of tests to date 6 Peak stockpile 110 - 120 Current stockpile 110 - 120 Maximum missile range 5,000 - 5,800 km (Agni - V) NPT Party No Smiling Buddha Declared (Pokhran - II) Disputed (Pokhran - II) 2016 estimate Agni V
The Senior Bowl is a post-season college football all - star game played each January in Mobile, Alabama, which showcases the best NFL Draft prospects of those players who have completed their college eligibility. First played in 1950 in Jacksonville, Florida, the game moved to Mobile's Ladd -- Peebles Stadium the next year. Produced by the non-profit Mobile Arts & Sports Association, the game is also a charitable fund - raiser benefiting various local and regional organizations with over US $5.9 million in donations over its history.
In 1909, Richard Richter developed the first intrauterine device made from silkworm gut, which was further developed and marketed in Germany by Ernst Gräfenberg in the late 1920s. In 1951, a chemist, named Carl Djerassi from Mexico City made the hormones in progesterone pills using Mexican yams. Djerassi had chemically created the pill but was not equipped to distribute it to patients. Meanwhile, Gregory Pincus and John Rock with help from the Planned Parenthood Federation of America developed the first birth control pills in the 1950s, such as mestranol / noretynodrel, which became publicly available in the 1960s through the Food and Drug Administration under the name Enovid. Medical abortion became an alternative to surgical abortion with the availability of prostaglandin analogs in the 1970s and mifepristone in the 1980s.
The earliest known physician is also credited to ancient Egypt: Hesy - Ra, ``Chief of Dentists and Physicians ''for King Djoser in the 27th century BCE. Also, the earliest known woman physician, Peseshet, practiced in Ancient Egypt at the time of the 4th dynasty. Her title was`` Lady Overseer of the Lady Physicians.'' In addition to her supervisory role, Peseshet trained midwives at an ancient Egyptian medical school in Sais.
Jidda Islands () are a group of 3 small uninhabited islets in Bahrain. It lies to the west of Bahrain Island and just north of Umm an Nasan in Persian Gulf. They lie west of the capital, Manama, on Bahrain Island.
The label was mandated for most food products under the provisions of the 1990 Nutrition Labeling and Education Act (NLEA), per the recommendations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. It was one of several controversial actions taken during the tenure of FDA Commissioner Dr. David Kessler. The law required food companies to begin using the new food label on packaged foods beginning May 8, 1994. (Meat and poultry products were not covered by NLEA, though the U.S. Department of Agriculture proposed similar regulations for voluntary labeling of raw meat and poultry.) Foods labeled before that day could use the old label. This appeared on all products in 1995. The old label was titled ``Nutrition Information Per Serving ''or simply,`` Nutrition Information''.
The heads of the executive departments and all other federal agency heads are nominated by the President and then presented to the Senate for confirmation or rejection by a simple majority (although before the use of the ``nuclear option ''during the 113th US Congress, they could have been blocked by filibuster, requiring cloture to be invoked by ​ ⁄ supermajority to further consideration). If approved, they receive their commission scroll, are sworn in and then begin their duties.
Enrollment at the Lawrence and Edwards campuses was 23,597 students in fall 2014; an additional 3,371 students were enrolled at the KU Medical Center for a total enrollment of 26,968 students across the three campuses. The university overall employed 2,663 faculty members in fall 2012.
The GNU Manifesto was written by Richard Stallman and published in March 1985 in "Dr. Dobb's Journal of Software Tools" as an explanation of goals of the GNU Project, and as a call for support and participation in developing GNU, a free software computer operating system. It is held in high regard within the free software movement as a fundamental philosophical source.
Wilkins Runway is a single runway aerodrome operated by Australia, located on upper glacier of the ice sheet Preston Heath, Budd Coast, Wilkes Land, on the continent of Antarctica, but southeast of the actual coast. It is named after Sir Hubert Wilkins, a pioneer of Antarctic aviation and exploration.
Henry the Young King fought a short war with his brother Richard in 1183 over the status of England, Normandy and Aquitaine. Henry II moved in support of Richard, and Henry the Young King died from dysentery at the end of the campaign. With his primary heir dead, Henry rearranged the plans for the succession: Richard was to be made King of England, albeit without any actual power until the death of his father; Geoffrey would retain Brittany; and John would now become the Duke of Aquitaine in place of Richard. Richard refused to give up Aquitaine; Henry II was furious and ordered John, with help from Geoffrey, to march south and retake the duchy by force. The two attacked the capital of Poitiers, and Richard responded by attacking Brittany. The war ended in stalemate and a tense family reconciliation in England at the end of 1184.
Ridgecrest is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pinellas County, Florida, United States. The population was 2,558 at the 2010 census.
Typically tropical cyclones pass offshore once they reach the northern portion of the Atlantic coast of Florida. As such, the hurricane risk for Daytona Beach is significantly lower than areas of southern Florida like Miami and Key West. The 2004 hurricane season was by far the most active in the Daytona Beach area in the last 50 years. However, since 1950 there has only been one direct hit by a tropical cyclone to the Daytona Beach area, Hurricane Donna in 1960.
Edward Michael Trucco (born June 22, 1970) is an American actor known for his role as Samuel T. Anders on the reimagined Battlestar Galactica and his recurring role as Nick Podarutti in How I Met Your Mother. Recently appearing on the Netflix series, Disjointed, as Tae Kwon Douglas.
Arie Supriyatna (born on December 25, 1984) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSMS Medan in the Indonesia Super League.
China United Airlines Co., Ltd. () is a budget airline with its headquarters in Fengtai District, Beijing, operating scheduled flights and charter services in co-operation with local enterprises out of Beijing Nanyuan Airport, making it the only commercial airline using this airport. The airline previously had its headquarters in another area in Fengtai District, Beijing.
The video begins with a blonde woman, played by model and actress Lauren Hastings (allegedly portraying Britney Spears), walking out of her house hand - in - hand with an unidentified man. The couple leaves in the woman's car (a silver Porsche) as Timberlake rolls down the window of a black Mercedes, from which he and his friend have been watching the woman. Timberlake breaks into the house by throwing a rock through a window and proceeds through the woman's house, with anti-gravity jumps and slides, not causing any other visible damage, except for kicking a picture frame of the woman across the living room. Then he searches some drawers and finds a video camera, while the driver of the car, Timbaland, signals for his female accomplice in the back of the car, played by model Kiana Bessa, to go in. She enters the house and goes with Timberlake to a bedroom, where she starts to undress and kiss him while being filmed. They stay in the bedroom for a moment; then the accomplice exits the house but Timberlake stays. As the blonde woman returns, he follows her around the house and hides in a closet as she showers. He gets closer to her and touches the glass surrounding the shower. The blonde woman senses someone in the room and turns around, but Timberlake is gone. She leaves the bathroom and goes into her bedroom, where the video he made with his new lover plays on the television.
In 1978, Hayek came into conflict with the Liberal Party leader, David Steel, who claimed that liberty was possible only with "social justice and an equitable distribution of wealth and power, which in turn require a degree of active government intervention" and that the Conservative Party were more concerned with the connection between liberty and private enterprise than between liberty and democracy. Hayek claimed that a limited democracy might be better than other forms of limited government at protecting liberty but that an unlimited democracy was worse than other forms of unlimited government because "its government loses the power even to do what it thinks right if any group on which its majority depends thinks otherwise".
Following the elections of 1973, the constitution of Swaziland was suspended by King Sobhuza II who thereafter ruled the country by decree until his death in 1982. At this point Sobhuza II had ruled Swaziland for 61 years, making him the longest ruling monarch in history. A regency followed his death, with Queen Regent Dzeliwe Shongwe being head of state until 1984 when she was removed by Liqoqo and replaced by Queen Mother Ntfombi Tfwala. Mswati III, the son of Ntfombi, was crowned king on 25 April 1986 as King and Ingwenyama of Swaziland.
Live at the Palace 2008 is the first DVD release from Canadian rock band Three Days Grace. Three Days Grace dedicated this DVD, in loving memory, to their manager and friend Stuart Sobol. The DVD was originally released as a Best Buy exclusive in August 2008, but is now available at other retailers.
Thomson Islet is an island a few hundred ms east of Tern Cliffs and the Jardine River Resource Reserve Jardine River National Park in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Queensland, Australia, in the Cape York Peninsula about southeast of Bamaga.
Imaging techniques, such as x-ray, fluoroscopy and ultrasound are typically used to help guide the placement of the applicators to their correct positions and to further refine the treatment plan. CAT scans and MRI can also be used. Once the applicators are inserted, they are held in place against the skin using sutures or adhesive tape to prevent them from moving. Once the applicators are confirmed as being in the correct position, further imaging can be performed to guide detailed treatment planning.
A Very Brady Christmas is a 1988 American made - for - television comedy - drama film starring the original cast members of the 1969 -- 1974 sitcom The Brady Bunch, with the exception of Susan Olsen, who was on her honeymoon at the time of filming and was replaced by Jennifer Runyon in the role of Cindy. Ron Kuhlman and Jerry Houser both reprised their characters from the short - lived 1981 sitcom The Brady Brides.
Video Demons Do Psychotown (also known as Bloodbath in Psycho Town) is a 1989 horror film written and co-directed by Alessandro De Gaetano and starring Ron Arragon, Donna Baltran, Dave Elliott, Pam Martin, and Myra Taylor. It was distributed by Troma Entertainment.
The fifth season of Samurai Jack is the final season of the animated series. This season of Samurai Jack follows Jack on a journey that concludes his story. It premiered on the Toonami programming block of Adult Swim on March 11, 2017 and concluded its run on May 20, 2017. The announcement of the season came in December 2015, eleven years since the series was originally concluded on Cartoon Network. Genndy Tartakovsky, the series' creator, returned as a director, writer, and storyboarder for this season. The season received universal acclaim from critics, praising it for its more intense and mature tone.
10 most populous countries Rank Country / Territory Population Date Approx.% of world population Source China 1,390,040,000 March 29, 2018 18.3% India 1,329,760,000 March 29, 2018 17.5% United States 326,870,000 March 29, 2018 4.29% Indonesia 261,600,000 October 31, 2016 3.44% 5 Pakistan 211,059,000 March 29, 2018 2.77% 6 Brazil 208,846,000 March 29, 2018 2.74% 7 Nigeria 188,500,000 October 31, 2016 2.48% 8 Bangladesh 164,237,000 March 29, 2018 2.16% 9 Russia 146,773,226 June 1, 2017 1.93% 10 Japan 126,670,000 September 1, 2017 1.66%
New Albin is a city in Iowa Township, Allamakee County, Iowa, United States. It is the farthest northeast town in Iowa, located on the Mississippi River and the Minnesota border. The population was 522 at the 2010 census.
During their investigation of Noriega, Kerry's staff found reason to believe that the Pakistan-based Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI) had facilitated Noriega's drug trafficking and money laundering. This led to a separate inquiry into BCCI, and as a result, banking regulators shut down BCCI in 1991. In December 1992, Kerry and Senator Hank Brown, a Republican from Colorado, released The BCCI Affair, a report on the BCCI scandal. The report showed that the bank was crooked and was working with terrorists, including Abu Nidal. It blasted the Department of Justice, the Department of the Treasury, the Customs Service, the Federal Reserve Bank, as well as influential lobbyists and the CIA.
A similar regulation applies to some forms of emergency contraception. The FDA considers them to be OTC substances for females 17 or over but prescription drugs for younger women. To enforce the restriction and to provide counseling and education on proper use, an agreement between the manufacturer and the FDA requires the drugs are stored behind the pharmacy counter. Women may obtain the medication without a prescription after providing proof of age to pharmacy staff and receiving any necessary patient education.
Yekaterina Fesenko (, born August 8, 1958) is a Russian athlete who competed for the USSR. She was born in Krasnodar. After her marriage in 1992, she appeared in the charts under the name of Yekaterina Grun or Yekaterina Fesenko-Grun ().
James Hubert Farmer (born September 23, 1964) is a retired American professional basketball player who was drafted by the Dallas Mavericks in the first round (20th pick overall) of the 1987 NBA draft. Farmer, a 6'4" 190 lb small forward, played for the Mavericks, Utah Jazz, Seattle SuperSonics, Philadelphia 76ers, and Denver Nuggets in 5 NBA seasons. His best stint as an NBA player was during the 1990-91 season when he appeared in 25 games for the Nuggets and averaged 10.0 ppg. He played collegiately at the University of Alabama.
After a new wave of UN sanctions, on 11 March 2013, North Korea claimed that it had invalidated the 1953 armistice. On 13 March 2013, North Korea confirmed it ended the 1953 Armistice and declared North Korea "is not restrained by the North-South declaration on non-aggression". On 30 March 2013, North Korea stated that it had entered a "state of war" with South Korea and declared that "The long-standing situation of the Korean peninsula being neither at peace nor at war is finally over". Speaking on 4 April 2013, the U.S. Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel, informed the press that Pyongyang had "formally informed" the Pentagon that it had "ratified" the potential usage of a nuclear weapon against South Korea, Japan and the United States of America, including Guam and Hawaii. Hagel also stated that the United States would deploy the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-ballistic missile system to Guam, because of a credible and realistic nuclear threat from North Korea.
Susan M. Leeson (born August 16, 1946) is an American attorney and former judge in the state of Oregon. She was the 94th Associate Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court. Prior to her appointment to Oregon's high court, the Utah native served on the Oregon Court of Appeals.
Lake Kyyjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is a starting point of the Saarijärvi Whitewater Route, a continuous watercourse in Central Finland.
The powder keg of Europe or Balkan powder keg was the Balkans in the early part of the 20th century preceding World War I. There were a number of overlapping claims to territories and spheres of influence between the major European powers such as the Russian Empire, the Austro - Hungarian Empire, the German Empire and, to a lesser degree, the Ottoman Empire, the United Kingdom and Kingdom of Italy.
Roy Mitchell Kinnear (8 January 1934 -- 20 September 1988) was an English actor. He is known for his roles in films directed by Richard Lester; including Algernon in Help! (1965); Clapper in How I Won the War (1967); and Planchet in The Three Musketeers (1973), reprising the latter role in the 1974 and 1989 sequels. He is also known for playing Henry Salt in the 1971 film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.
He won the League Cup with both Aston Villa and Middlesbrough (in 1995 -- 96 and 2003 -- 04 respectively), and captained Crystal Palace to win the First Division championship in 1993 -- 94. He also played in the 2000 FA Cup Final for Villa and the 2006 UEFA Cup Final for Middlesbrough. Internationally, Southgate made 57 appearances for the England national team between 1995 and 2004, featuring in the 1998 FIFA World Cup and both the 1996 and 2000 European Championships. His playing career ended in May 2006 at the age of 35, and after more than 500 league appearances.
Laurent Jean-Marie Cabannes (born Béarn, 6 February 1964) is a former French rugby union footballer. He played as a flanker.
There is also a trend of Orthodox movements pursuing secular Jews in order to give them a stronger Jewish identity so there is less chance of intermarriage. As a result of the efforts by these and other Jewish groups over the past 25 years, there has been a trend (known as the Baal Teshuva movement) for secular Jews to become more religiously observant, though the demographic implications of the trend are unknown. Additionally, there is also a growing rate of conversion to Jews by Choice of gentiles who make the decision to head in the direction of becoming Jews.
Ben & Jerry's Homemade Holdings Inc, trading and commonly known as Ben & Jerry's, is an American company that manufactures ice cream, frozen yogurt, and sorbet. It was founded in 1978 in Burlington, Vermont, and operates globally as a subsidiary of the Anglo - Dutch conglomerate Unilever. Its headquarters is in South Burlington, Vermont with its main factory in Waterbury, Vermont.
Tara Grace Knowles - Teller First appearance ``Pilot ''(2008) Last appearance`` A Mother's Work'' (2014) Created by Kurt Sutter Portrayed by Maggie Siff Information Nickname (s) Doc Gender Female Occupation Attending Surgeon at St. Thomas Hospital Pediatric Surgery Neonatal Surgery Trauma Surgery Title M.D. F.A.C.S. Spouse (s) Jax Teller Children Abel Teller Thomas Teller
Canadian Reflections is a Canadian independent short film television series which began on CBC Television in 1978. Early works by David Cronenberg and Atom Egoyan were featured during the series run.
Otto (German: Otto Wilhelm Luitpold Adalbert Waldemar; 27 April 1848 – 11 October 1916) was King of Bavaria from 1886 to 1913. However, he never actively ruled because of alleged severe mental illness. His uncle, Luitpold, and his cousin, Ludwig, served as regents.
Shot in Los Angeles in 1986, the film premiered that year at the Toronto International Film Festival before being purchased for distribution by Island Pictures, who gave the film a theatrical release in the United States in May 1987. Several critics praised the film's performances, and its subject matter resulted in it being classified by several critics as a contemporary - day horror film. It was awarded Best Picture at the 1986 Independent Spirit Awards.
The Eisenbahnmuseum Bochum-Dahlhausen is a railway museum situated south of the city of Bochum in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It was founded by DGEG, the German Railway History Company in 1977 and is based in a locomotive depot that was built between 1916 and 1918 and ceased operation in 1969. Then DGEG took over the whole area of 46,000 square metres and built up the biggest railway museum in Germany. In the middle of the museum, there is an engine shed with fourteen tracks. A preserved turntable, coaling, watering, and sanding facilities are still in operation. This museum is integrated into The Industrial Heritage Trail ("Route der Industriekultur") a route of monuments from the history of the industry.
Alfred Mayssonnié, nicknamed "Maysso" (10 February 1884 – 6 September 1914), was a French rugby union player who appeared three times for the country's national team, and was also the first rugby international from any country to die in action in World War I. A native of Lavernose, a village near Toulouse, he played as scrum-half and fly-half and is credited to this day by Stade Toulousain as the strategist of the club's first great teams in the early 20th century.
Psycho is a 1960 American psychological horror film directed and produced by Alfred Hitchcock, and written by Joseph Stefano, starring Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, John Gavin, Vera Miles and Martin Balsam, and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Robert Bloch. The film centers on the encounter between a secretary, Marion Crane (Leigh), who ends up at a secluded motel after stealing money from her employer, and the motel's disturbed owner - manager, Norman Bates (Perkins), and its aftermath.
Guru Randhawa is an Indian singer and songwriter from Punjab, India. Randhawa is known for his tracks like ``High Rated Gabru '',`` Patola'', ``Raat kamal hai ''and`` Lahore''. He sang in the 2017 Indian Premier League opening ceremony. He made his Bollywood singing debut in Hindi Medium. He also sang for the film Simran. He composed and sang for films like Hindi Medium, Tumhari Sulu, Dil Juunglee, Sonu Ke Titu Ki Sweety and Blackmail. He is related to singer Zora Randhawa.
There are 16 autonomous Indian Institutes of Technology in addition to 30 National Institutes of Technology which are Government Institutions. In addition to these there are many other Universities which offer higher technical courses. The Authority over technical education in India is the AICTE.
Linda Edna Cardellini (born June 25, 1975) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Lindsay Weir on Freaks and Geeks, Samantha Taggart on ER, Velma Dinkley in the live - action Scooby - Doo feature films, Sylvia Rosen, a neighbor of Don Draper's on the AMC drama series Mad Men, Meg Rayburn on the Netflix original series Bloodline, Cassie in Brokeback Mountain, and Laura Barton in Avengers: Age of Ultron. She is also known for voicing roles in animated projects such as CJ in Regular Show, Marcy ``Hot Dog Water ''Fleach in Scooby - Doo! Mystery Incorporated, Wendy Corduroy in Gravity Falls, and Megan in Sanjay and Craig.
Scientific academies and societies grew out of the Scientific Revolution as the creators of scientific knowledge in contrast to the scholasticism of the university. During the Enlightenment, some societies created or retained links to universities. However, contemporary sources distinguished universities from scientific societies by claiming that the university's utility was in the transmission of knowledge, while societies functioned to create knowledge. As the role of universities in institutionalized science began to diminish, learned societies became the cornerstone of organized science. Official scientific societies were chartered by the state in order to provide technical expertise. Most societies were granted permission to oversee their own publications, control the election of new members, and the administration of the society. After 1700, a tremendous number of official academies and societies were founded in Europe, and by 1789 there were over seventy official scientific societies. In reference to this growth, Bernard de Fontenelle coined the term "the Age of Academies" to describe the 18th century.
The most common way for travellers to enter the country seems to be by air. According to the website Lonely Planet, getting into Myanmar is problematic: "No bus or train service connects Myanmar with another country, nor can you travel by car or motorcycle across the border – you must walk across.", and states that, "It is not possible for foreigners to go to/from Myanmar by sea or river." There are a small number of border crossings that allow the passage of private vehicles, such as the border between Ruili (China) to Mu-se, the border between Htee Kee (Myanmar) and Ban Phu Nam Ron (Thailand) (the most direct border between Dawei and Kanchanaburi), and the border between Myawaddy (Myanmar) and Mae Sot (Thailand). At least one tourist company has successfully run commercial overland routes through these borders since 2013. "From Mae Sai (Thailand) you can cross to Tachileik, but can only go as far as Kengtung. Those in Thailand on a visa run can cross to Kawthaung but cannot venture farther into Myanmar."
In the Miocene Epoch the mountains underwent severe erosion because of glaciation, which was noted in the mid-19th century by naturalist Louis Agassiz who presented a paper proclaiming the Alps were covered in ice at various intervals—a theory he formed when studying rocks near his Neuchâtel home which he believed originated to the west in the Bernese Oberland. Because of his work he came to be known as the "father of the ice-age concept" although other naturalists before him put forth similar ideas.
This Child is the second album by Susan Aglukark, released in 1995. The album was Susan's commercial breakthrough in Canada, spawning chart hits with "O Siem" and "Hina Na Ho (Celebration)", and making Susan the first Inuk performer ever to have a Top 40 hit.
Emil Haraszti (1885 - 1958) was a Hungarian born French music critic and author. He was a director of the National Conservatory of Music in Budapest and was a scholar at the University of Budapest but lived much of his life in France and publishing in French.
Harsha (c. 590–647 CE), also known as Harshavardhana, was an Indian emperor who ruled North India from 606 to 647 CE. He was a member of the Vardhana dynasty; and was the son of Prabhakarvardhana who defeated the Alchon Huna invaders, and the younger brother of Rajyavardhana, a king of Thanesar, present-day Haryana. At the height of Harsha's power, his Empire covered much of North and Northwestern India, extended East till Kamarupa, and South until Narmada River; and eventually made Kannauj (in present Uttar Pradesh state) his capital, and ruled till 647 CE. Harsha was halted by the south Indian Emperor Pulakeshin II of the Chalukya dynasty, when Harsha tried to expand his Empire into the southern peninsula of India.
Grace and Frankie is an American comedy - drama web television series created by Marta Kauffman and Howard J. Morris for Netflix. The series stars Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin in the title roles of Grace and Frankie, two unlikely friends who are brought together after their husbands announce that they are in love and plan to get married. Sam Waterston, Martin Sheen, Brooklyn Decker, Ethan Embry, June Diane Raphael, and Baron Vaughn co-star in supporting roles. It premiered on Netflix on May 8, 2015, with all 13 episodes of the first season released simultaneously. The second, third, and fourth seasons, also consisting of 13 episodes each, have been released on May 6, 2016, and March 24, 2017, and January 19, 2018, respectively.
When the Winter War broke out the Finnish Navy moved to occupy the de-militarized Åland Islands and to protect merchant shipping. In the first month of the war, battles between Soviet ships and Finnish coastal batteries were fought at Hanko, Finland, Utö and Koivisto. At Koivisto and Hanko, the batteries forced Soviet battleships to retire with damage. Finnish efforts to use submarines ("Vesikko" and "Saukko") to sink Soviet capital ships failed. In December 1939 the ice became so thick that only the ice-breakers could still move. The two coastal defence ships were moved to the harbour in Turku where they were used to strengthen the air-defences of the city. They remained there for the rest of the war.
Elizabeth and After is a novel by Matt Cohen, first published in 1999 by Knopf Canada. His final novel, it won the Governor General's Award for English-language fiction just a few weeks before Cohen's death.
Motown: The Musical is a jukebox musical that premiered on Broadway in April 2013. The musical is based on Berry Gordy's autobiography To Be Loved: The Music, the Magic, the Memories of Motown (1994), and on the history of his founding and running of the Motown record label, and his personal and professional relationships with Motown artists such as Diana Ross, Smokey Robinson, Marvin Gaye, and Michael Jackson. The production's music and lyrics are taken from selections from the Motown catalog. It received four nominations at the 67th Tony Awards.
Oklahoma had 598 incorporated places in 2010, including four cities over 100,000 in population and 43 over 10,000. Two of the fifty largest cities in the United States are located in Oklahoma, Oklahoma City and Tulsa, and 65 percent of Oklahomans live within their metropolitan areas, or spheres of economic and social influence defined by the United States Census Bureau as a metropolitan statistical area. Oklahoma City, the state's capital and largest city, had the largest metropolitan area in the state in 2010, with 1,252,987 people, and the metropolitan area of Tulsa had 937,478 residents. Between 2000 and 2010, the cities that led the state in population growth were Blanchard (172.4%), Elgin (78.2%), Jenks (77.0%), Piedmont (56.7%), Bixby (56.6%), and Owasso (56.3%).
More than 20% of the world's population is Muslim. Current estimates conclude that the number of Muslims in the world is around 1,5 billion. Muslims are the majority in 49 countries, they speak hundreds of languages and come from diverse ethnic backgrounds. Major languages spoken by Muslims include Arabic, Urdu, Bengali, Punjabi, Malay, Javanese, Sundanese, Swahili, Hausa, Fula, Berber, Tuareg, Somali, Albanian, Bosnian, Russian, Turkish, Azeri, Kazakh, Uzbek, Tatar, Persian, Kurdish, Pashto, Balochi, Sindhi and Kashmiri, among many others.
"La La La (Never Give It Up)" is the debut single by Swedish singer and songwriter September. It was released on 2 June 2003 on Stockholm Records and is featured on September's self-titled debut album, released in 2004. "La La La (Never Give It Up)" peaked at #8 on the Swedish single chart. As of December 2007, it is ranked as #653 on Best place of all time on the Swedish charts.
A reference value above which visual acuity is considered normal is called 6 / 6 vision, the USC equivalent of which is 20 / 20 vision: At 6 meters or 20 feet, a human eye with that performance is able to separate contours that are approximately 1.75 mm apart. Vision of 6 / 12 corresponds to lower, vision of 6 / 3 to better performance. Normal individuals have an acuity of 6 / 4 or better (depending on age and other factors).
A typical flush toilet is a ceramic bowl (pan) connected on the ``up ''side to a cistern (tank) that enables rapid filling with water, and on the`` down'' side to a drain pipe that removes the effluent. When a toilet is flushed, the sewage should flow into a septic tank or into a system connected to a sewage treatment plant. However, in many developing countries, this treatment step does not take place.
Ahmose-Henuttamehu was a daughter of Pharaoh Seqenenre Tao by his sister-wife Ahmose Inhapy. She was probably married to her half-brother Pharaoh Ahmose I, since her titles include King’s Wife ("hmt-nisw"), Great King’s Wife ("hmt-niswt-wrt"), King’s Daughter ("s3t-niswt") and King’s Sister ("snt-niswt"). Ahmose-Henuttamehu was a half-sister to the Great Royal Wife and God's Wife of Amun Ahmose-Nefertari.
The Lady in the Van is a 2015 British comedy-drama film directed by Nicholas Hytner, and starring Maggie Smith and Alex Jennings, based on the memoir of the same name created by Alan Bennett. It was written by Bennett, and it tells the (mostly) true story of his interactions with Mary Shepherd, an elderly woman who lived in a dilapidated van on his driveway in London for 15 years. He had previously published the story as a 1989 essay, 1990 book, 1999 stage play, and 2009 radio play on BBC Radio 4. Smith had previously portrayed Shepherd twice: in the 1999 stage play, which earned her a Best Actress nomination at the 2000 Olivier Awards and in the 2009 radio adaptation.
On August 6, 1945, at 8: 15 AM local time, the United States detonated an atomic bomb over the Japanese city of Hiroshima. Sixteen hours later, American President Harry S. Truman called again for Japan's surrender, warning them to ``expect a rain of ruin from the air, the like of which has never been seen on this earth. ''Late in the evening of August 8, 1945, after its April 1945 denunciation of the Soviet -- Japanese Neutrality Pact, and in accordance with the Yalta agreements, the Soviet Union declared war on Japan. Shortly after midnight on August 9, 1945, the Soviet Union invaded the Imperial Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo. Later in the day, the United States dropped a second atomic bomb, this time on the Japanese city of Nagasaki. Following these events, Emperor Hirohito intervened and ordered the Supreme Council for the Direction of the War to accept the terms the Allies had set down in the Potsdam Declaration for ending the war. After several more days of behind - the - scenes negotiations and a failed coup d'état, Emperor Hirohito gave a recorded radio address across the Empire on August 15. In the radio address, called the Jewel Voice Broadcast (玉音放送, Gyokuon - hōsō), he announced the surrender of Japan to the Allies.
``Long as I Live ''is a song by American recording artist Toni Braxton released on February 9, 2018. The song serves as the second single from Braxton's eighth studio album Sex & Cigarettes (2018). Written by Toni Braxton, Paul Boutin, and Antonio Dixon and produced by Dixon.
The GEC merger to create a UK company compared to what would have been an Anglo-German firm, made the possibility of further penetration of the United States (US) defence market more likely. The company, initially called "New British Aerospace", was officially formed on 30 November 1999 and known as BAE Systems.
The Hortensian Law deprived the patricians of their last weapon against the plebeians, and thus resolved the last great political question of the era. No such important political changes occurred between 287 BC and 133 BC. The important laws of this era were still enacted by the senate. In effect, the plebeians were satisfied with the possession of power, but did not care to use it. The senate was supreme during this era because the era was dominated by questions of foreign and military policy. This was the most militarily active era of the Roman Republic.
His opponents have attacked Hayek as a leading promoter of "neoliberalism". A British scholar, Samuel Brittan, concluded in 2010, "Hayek's book [The Constitution of Liberty] is still probably the most comprehensive statement of the underlying ideas of the moderate free market philosophy espoused by neoliberals." Brittan adds that although Raymond Plant (2009) comes out in the end against Hayek's doctrines, Plant gives The Constitution of Liberty a "more thorough and fair-minded analysis than it has received even from its professed adherents".
The Acura Legend is a mid-size luxury/executive car manufactured by Honda. It was sold in the U.S., Canada, and parts of China under Honda's luxury brand, Acura, from 1985 to 1995, as both a sedan, which was classified as a full-size car, and a coupe, which was classified as a mid-size car (similar to how the Honda Accord is set up today). It was the first flagship sedan sold under the Acura nameplate, until being renamed in 1996 as the Acura 3.5RL. The 3.5RL was the North American version of the KA9 series Honda Legend.
The Attic Entertainment Software GmbH was a German video game developer and publisher that was founded in September 1990 by Hans-Jürgen Brändle, Jochen Hamma and Guido Henkel in Albstadt, Baden-Württemberg. Attic has been inactive since 2001. The founder, Hans-Jürgen Brändle, was reported to have died in Las Vegas during the month of August, 2005.
Sir Francis Burdett, 5th Baronet (25 January 1770 – 23 January 1844) was an English reformist politician, the son of Francis Burdett and his wife Eleanor, daughter of William Jones of Ramsbury manor, Wiltshire, and grandson of Sir Robert Burdett, Bart. From 1820 until his death he lived at 25 St James's Place.
Beginners is a 2010 American romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike Mills. It tells the story of Oliver, a man reflecting on the life and death of his father, Hal, while trying to forge a new romantic relationship with a woman, Anna, dealing with father issues of her own. The film is based on the true-life coming out of Mills' father at the age of 75, five years before his death.
Economic and political migrations made an impact across the empire. For example, the Russian and Austria-Habsburg annexation of the Crimean and Balkan regions respectively saw large influxes of Muslim refugees – 200,000 Crimean Tartars fleeing to Dobruja. Between 1783 and 1913, approximately 5–7 million refugees flooded into the Ottoman Empire, at least 3.8 million of whom were from Russia. Some migrations left indelible marks such as political tension between parts of the empire (e.g. Turkey and Bulgaria) whereas centrifugal effects were noticed in other territories, simpler demographics emerging from diverse populations. Economies were also impacted with the loss of artisans, merchants, manufacturers and agriculturists. Since the 19th century, a large proportion of Muslim peoples from the Balkans emigrated to present-day Turkey. These people are called Muhacir. By the time the Ottoman Empire came to an end in 1922, half of the urban population of Turkey was descended from Muslim refugees from Russia.
After the Versailles conference, Democratic President Woodrow Wilson claimed that ``at last the world knows America as the savior of the world! ''However, the Republican Party, led by Henry Cabot Lodge, controlled the US Senate after the election of 1918, and the senators were divided into multiple positions on the Versailles question. It proved possible to build a majority coalition, but impossible to build a two - thirds coalition that was needed to pass a treaty.
In 2009, Lawson was cast as Shawna in The Secret Life of the American Teenager. That same year, she was cast in the CW television series The Vampire Diaries, as witch Emily Bennett. In December 2009, she was cast as Maya St. Germain in the ABC Family series Pretty Little Liars, based on the book series by Sara Shepard. She appeared in that show from June 2010 through August 2012. Since 2012, she has had a recurring role as Ms. Morell in the MTV television series Teen Wolf, based on the original film from 1985. In 2014, Lawson had a recurring role as Eva in Witches of East End. In 2015, she was cast as series regular Talia Freeman in season three of Rogue.
Ibn Sina (Avicenna) is regarded as the most influential philosopher of Islam. He pioneered the science of experimental medicine and was the first physician to conduct clinical trials. His two most notable works in medicine are the Kitāb al-shifāʾ ("Book of Healing") and The Canon of Medicine, both of which were used as standard medicinal texts in both the Muslim world and in Europe well into the 17th century. Amongst his many contributions are the discovery of the contagious nature of infectious diseases, and the introduction of clinical pharmacology.
Gal Gadot - Varsano (Hebrew: גל גדות ‎ ‎, pronounced (ˈɡal ɡaˈdot); born April 30, 1985) is an Israeli actress and model. Gadot is primarily known for her role as Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe, starting with Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016), continuing again in 2017 as the lead in Wonder Woman and will reprise the role in Justice League. She previously appeared as Gisele Yashar in several films of The Fast and the Furious franchise.
The Škoda Fabia is a supermini car produced by Czech manufacturer Škoda Auto since 1999. It is the successor of the Škoda Felicia, which was discontinued in 2001. The Fabia was available in hatchback, estate (named Fabia Combi) and saloon (named Fabia Sedan) body styles at launch, and since 2007, the second generation is offered in hatchback and estate versions. The third generation Fabia was launched in 2015.
According to the 2011 census, 79.8% of the population of India practice Hinduism. Islam (14.2%), Christianity (2.3%), Sikhism (1.7%), Buddhism (0.7%) and Jainism (0.4%) are the other major religions followed by the people of India. Many tribal religions, such as Sarnaism, are found in India, though these have been affected by major religions such as Hinduism, Buddhism, Islam and Christianity. Jainism, Zoroastrianism, Judaism, and the Bahá'í Faith are also influential but their numbers are smaller. Atheism and agnostics also have visible influence in India, along with a self-ascribed tolerance to other faiths. According to a study conducted by the Pew Research Centre, India will have world's largest populations of Hindus and Muslims by 2050. India is expected to have about 311 million Muslims making up around 19–20% of the population and yet about 1.3 billion Hindus are projected to live in India comprising around 76% of the population.
Audrey Hepburn received numerous awards and honors during her career. Hepburn won, or was nominated for, awards for her work in motion pictures, television, spoken - word recording, on stage, and humanitarian work. She was five - times nominated for an Academy Award, and was awarded the 1954 Academy Award for Best Actress for her performance in Roman Holiday and the Jean Hersholt Humanitarian Award in 1993, post-humously, for her humanitarian work. She won a record three BAFTA Awards for Best British Actress in a Leading Role, from five nominations, and received a Lifetime Achievement Award in 1992. Hepburn received 10 Golden Globe Award nominations, winning two, and was the recipient of the Cecil B. DeMille Award in 1990. She also won the 1954 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actress in a Play in Ondine, and received a Special Tony Award in 1968.
The Code of Conduct and the Vietnam War is a report from an individual research project conducted by John McCain, Commander, United States Navy, at the National War College. It has a 44 pages and was released on April 8, 1974.
In recent decades, the literacy rate of Rajasthan has increased significantly. In 1991, the state's literacy rate was only 38.55% (54.99% male and 20.44% female). In 2001, the literacy rate increased to 60.41% (75.70% male and 43.85% female). This was the highest leap in the percentage of literacy recorded in India (the rise in female literacy being 23%). At the Census 2011, Rajasthan had a literacy rate of 67.06% (80.51% male and 52.66% female). Although Rajasthan's literacy rate is below the national average of 74.04% and although its female literacy rate is the lowest in the country, the state has been praised for its efforts and achievements in raising male and female literacy rates.
Necessary Records is a record label based in the UK, founded by Warren Clarke, a former A&R executive at London Records and Edel, in 2003. Clarke describes that the label was born out of a creative necessity. "It's an outlet for records that should and must be heard. An outlet for artists that deserve to and will, touch the widest possible audience."
Christina Ricci as Kathleen ``Kat ''Harvey, Dr. James Harvey's 13 - year - old daughter and Casper's love interest, who has lost her mother and wants to make a friend.
Die Hard Trilogy 2: Viva Las Vegas is a video game developed by n-Space and published by Fox Interactive for Microsoft Windows and PlayStation in 2000. It is a sequel to "Die Hard Trilogy", which was based on the "Die Hard" series of action movies. Like its predecessor, the game features three distinct genres; a third-person shooter, a light gun game, and an action driving game. However, unlike "Die Hard Trilogy", which featured three separate storylines based on the first three "Die Hard" films, "Die Hard Trilogy 2" features a single original storyline that alternates between the three genres throughout the levels.
Barcelona is one of three founding members of the Primera División that have never been relegated from the top division, along with Athletic Bilbao and Real Madrid. In 2009, Barcelona became the first Spanish club to win the continental treble consisting of La Liga, Copa del Rey, and the UEFA Champions League, and also became the first football club to win six out of six competitions in a single year, completing the sextuple in also winning the Spanish Super Cup, UEFA Super Cup and FIFA Club World Cup. In 2011, the club became European champions again and won five trophies. This Barcelona team, which reached a record six consecutive Champions League semi-finals and won 14 trophies in just four years under Pep Guardiola, is considered by some in the sport to be the greatest team of all time. In June 2015, Barcelona became the first European club in history to achieve the continental treble twice.
The TV series takes place in the fictional island of Birdwell Island, where Clifford lives. The name is inspired by Norman Bridwell, the author of the books, but is spelled different. It is in Vermont.
"A Dangerous Age" began as an hour-long drama for CBC-TV, where the 24-year-old Furie worked as a writer, and received critical praise when it was released in the UK where Furie was recognized as a fresh talent; however, it was ignored in Canada.
Solar noon is when the Sun transits the local celestial meridian; this is when the sun is at its highest altitude in the sky, at 12 noon apparent solar time. The local or clock time of solar noon depends on the longitude and date.
My School Daze (simplified Chinese: 书包太重) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, Mediacorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 29 April 2009 and ended on 26 May 2009. This drama serial consists of 20 episodes, and was screened on every weekday night at 9:00 pm. It reflects the education system in Singapore.
Ronald S. Sullivan Jr. (born December 12, 1966 in Gary, Indiana) is a law professor at Harvard Law School. Sullivan graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Morehouse College in 1989 and received his Juris Doctor from Harvard Law School in 1994. Prior to joining the Harvard Law School faculty, Sullivan served as the Director of the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia.
Blood Stain Child (stylised as BLOOD STAIN CHILD) is a Japanese heavy metal band from the city of Osaka. The band's musical style combines melodic death metal with electronic and trance. The band formed under the name "Visionquest" (stylised as "VISIONQUEST") in 1999, but changed their name to Blood Stain Child in 2000.
``Dark as a Dungeon ''is a song written by singer - songwriter Merle Travis. It is a lament about the danger and drudgery of being a coal miner in a shaft mine. It has become a rallying song among miners seeking improved working conditions.
Metalogix Software is an independent software vendor, founded in 2001 in Vancouver, British Columbia, and is now a private company (Metalogix International GmbH) with a headquarters in Washington, D.C. Metalogix develops, sells and provides support for content infrastructure software for Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Exchange and Cloud computing platforms. In 2001, Metalogix became the first company to develop a content migration solution for Microsoft.
Easter was the Sunday after the 15th day of this moon, whose 14th day was allowed to precede the equinox. Where the two systems produced different dates there was generally a compromise so that both churches were able to celebrate on the same day. By the 10th century all churches (except some on the eastern border of the Byzantine Empire) had adopted the Alexandrian Easter, which still placed the vernal equinox on 21 March, although Bede had already noted its drift in 725—it had drifted even further by the 16th century.
Madonna was criticized for her performance of "Like a Virgin" at the first 1984 MTV Video Music Awards (VMA). She appeared on stage atop a giant wedding cake, wearing a wedding dress and white gloves. The performance is noted by MTV as an iconic moment in VMA history. In later years, Madonna commented that she was terrified of the performance. The next hit was "Material Girl" promoted by her video, a mimicry of Marilyn Monroe's performance of the song "Diamonds Are a Girl's Best Friend" from the 1953 film Gentlemen Prefer Blondes. While filming this video, Madonna started dating actor Sean Penn. They married on her birthday in 1985. Like a Virgin was certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America and sold more than 25 million copies worldwide. In February 1984, according to the film director Sir Richard Attenborough, Madonna auditioned at the Royale Theatre on Broadway for a dance role in his movie version of A Chorus Line using her birth-name of Ciccone, but he rejected her.
Jim Clancy, played by David Conrad is Melinda's (Jennifer Love Hewitt) husband. He is the only cast member other than Hewitt to appear in every episode.
Crook & Chase is an American television talk show hosted by Lorianne Crook and Charlie Chase, focusing primarily but not exclusively on country music.
Mycenae is a hamlet in the Town of Manlius, within Onondaga County, USA. It lies at the meeting point of New York Route 5 and Route 290. Mycenae is located at 43° 02' 56" North, 75° 55' 50" West. Presumably the hamlet was named after the ancient Greek city of Mycenae.
The son of an impoverished Bedouin goat herder, Gaddafi became involved in politics while at school in Sabha, subsequently enrolling in the Royal Military Academy, Benghazi. Founding a revolutionary cell within the military, in 1969 they seized power from the absolute monarchy of King Idris in a bloodless coup. Becoming Chairman of the governing Revolutionary Command Council (RCC), Gaddafi abolished the monarchy and proclaimed the Republic. Ruling by decree, he implemented measures to remove what he viewed as foreign imperialist influence from Libya, and strengthened ties to Arab nationalist governments. Intent on pushing Libya towards "Islamic socialism", he introduced sharia as the basis for the legal system and nationalized the oil industry, using the increased revenues to bolster the military, implement social programs and fund revolutionary militants across the world. In 1973 he initiated a "Popular Revolution" with the formation of General People's Committees (GPCs), purported to be a system of direct democracy, but retained personal control over major decisions. He outlined his Third International Theory that year, publishing these ideas in The Green Book.
A preview of the first act was staged at Sydmonton (Lloyd Webber's home) in 1985, starring Colm Wilkinson (later the star of the Toronto production) as the Phantom, Sarah Brightman as Kristin (later Christine), and Clive Carter (later a member of the London cast) as Raoul. This very preliminary production used Richard Stilgoe's original unaltered lyrics, and many songs sported names that were later changed, such as ``What Has Time Done to Me ''(`` Think of Me''), and ``Papers ''(`` Notes''). The Phantom's original mask covered the entire face and remained in place throughout the performance, obscuring the actor's vision and muffling his voice. Björnson designed the now - iconic half - mask to replace it, and the unmasking sequence was added. Clips of this preview performance were included on the DVD of the 2004 film production.
Poptropica is an online role-playing game, developed in 2007 by Pearson Education's Family Education Network, and targeted towards children aged 6 to 15. "Poptropica" was primarily the creation of Jeff Kinney, the author of the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" series. As of 2015, he remains at the company as the Creative Director.
Jack Nicklaus has won the most majors; he won 18 during his career. Second on the list is Tiger Woods, who has won 14 majors to date; his most recent major victory was at the 2008 U.S. Open. Walter Hagen is third with 11 majors; he and Nicklaus have both won the most PGA Championships with five. Nicklaus also holds the record for the most victories in the Masters, winning the competition six times. Nicklaus also shares the record for the most U.S. Open victories with Willie Anderson, Bobby Jones and Ben Hogan, each winning this competition four times. Harry Vardon holds the record for the most Open Championship victories, winning six times during his career. Nicklaus, Woods, Hogan, Gary Player and Gene Sarazen are the only golfers to have won all four of the majors during their career, thus achieving the so - called career slam.
Roosevelt won in a landslide, carrying 46 of the 48 states and bringing in many additional Democratic members of Congress. After Lyndon B. Johnson's 61.1 percent share of the popular vote in 1964, Roosevelt's 60.8 percent is the second - largest percentage in U.S. history since the nearly unopposed election of James Monroe in 1820, and his 98.5% of the electoral vote is the highest in two - party competition. Roosevelt won the largest number of electoral votes ever recorded at that time, so far only surpassed by Ronald Reagan in 1984, when seven more electoral votes were available to contest. Garner won the highest percentage of the electoral vote of any vice president. Landon became the second official major - party candidate since the current system was established to win fewer than ten electoral votes by tying William Howard Taft, who won eight votes in his unsuccessful re-election campaign in 1912. No major - party candidate has won so few electoral votes since this election. The closest anyone has come was Reagan's 1984 opponent Walter Mondale, who won only thirteen electoral votes.
A generation later, the Irish Anglican bishop, George Berkeley (1685–1753), determined that Locke's view immediately opened a door that would lead to eventual atheism. In response to Locke, he put forth in his Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge (1710) an important challenge to empiricism in which things only exist either as a result of their being perceived, or by virtue of the fact that they are an entity doing the perceiving. (For Berkeley, God fills in for humans by doing the perceiving whenever humans are not around to do it.) In his text Alciphron, Berkeley maintained that any order humans may see in nature is the language or handwriting of God. Berkeley's approach to empiricism would later come to be called subjective idealism.
Chagar Bazar is located in Al-Hasakah Governorate, approximately north of Al-Hasakah, on the Wadi Dara, a tributary to the Khabur River. The ancient site measures approximately .
Terry Nelson Skinner (born August 24, 1947) was an American disc jockey from Russellville, Alabama, United States. Together with a group of studio musicians, Nelson released a single in 1971 under the name C. Company featuring Terry Nelson. The single, entitled "Battle Hymn of Lt. Calley", was a spoken-word recording with a musical background which defended William Calley and the incident at My Lai, for which Calley was court-martialed in 1970-71. Originally issued on a small local label, Quickit Records, it was reissued nationally on Plantation Records in April 1971. The single reached No. 37 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts and No. 49 on Hot Country Songs.
The Rover Group was owned by British Aerospace (BAe) from 1988 to 1994, when BAe sold the remaining car business to the German company BMW. The group was further broken up in 2000, when Ford acquired the Land Rover division, with the Rover and MG marques continuing with the much smaller MG Rover Group until 2005. Ownership of the original Rover Group marques is currently split between BMW (Germany), SAIC (China), and Tata Motors (India), the latter owning the Rover marque itself with its subsidiary Jaguar Land Rover owning much of the assets of the historic Rover company.
Whittaker was unsuited for the role and soon retired. Stewart and Harlan were conservative Republicans, while Brennan was a Democrat who became a leading voice for liberalism. In selecting a Chief Justice, Eisenhower looked for an experienced jurist who could appeal to liberals in the party as well as law-and-order conservatives, noting privately that Warren "represents the kind of political, economic, and social thinking that I believe we need on the Supreme Court ... He has a national name for integrity, uprightness, and courage that, again, I believe we need on the Court". In the next few years Warren led the Court in a series of liberal decisions that revolutionized the role of the Court.
Outsourcing production to low wage countries like Bangladesh, China, India and Sri Lanka became possible when the Multi Fibre Agreement (MFA) was abolished. The MFA, which placed quotas on textiles imports, was deemed a protectionist measure.[citation needed] Globalization is often quoted as the single most contributing factor to the poor working conditions of garment workers. Although many countries recognize treaties like the International Labor Organization, which attempt to set standards for worker safety and rights, many countries have made exceptions to certain parts of the treaties or failed to thoroughly enforce them. India for example has not ratified sections 87 and 92 of the treaty.[citation needed]
``I Can Only Imagine ''was released in 2001 as the album's lead single. It gained significant airplay on Christian radio formats before crossing over to mainstream radio formats such as adult contemporary and Top 40 in late 2003 and into 2004; to aid in promotion to these markets, a double A-side physical single (combined with`` Word of God Speak'') was released in 2003. It charted on several formats, including the Billboard Adult Contemporary (where it peaked at No. 5) and the Hot 100 (where it peaked at No. 71). In 2002, ``I Can Only Imagine ''earned the Dove Awards for 'Pop / Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year' and 'Song of the Year'; Millard earned the Dove Award 'Songwriter of the Year' at the same ceremony. With 2.5 million copies sold, it is the best - selling Christian single of all time, having been certified 3x platinum by the RIAA. As of 2018, it is the only Christian song to reach that milestone.
Big Wood and Little Wood are two patches of woodland in Hampstead Garden Suburb in the London Borough of Barnet. They are a Site of Borough Importance for Nature Conservation, Grade 1, and a Local Nature Reserve. Big Wood is 7.3 hectares and Little Wood is 1.2 hectares.
While the distribution of Somalis per country in Europe is hard to measure because the Somali community on the continent has grown so quickly in recent years, an official 2010 estimate reported 108,000 Somalis living in the United Kingdom. Somalis in Britain are largely concentrated in the cities of London, Sheffield, Bristol, Birmingham, Cardiff, Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, and Leicester, with London alone accounting for roughly 78% of Britain's Somali population. There are also significant Somali communities in Sweden: 57,906 (2014); the Netherlands: 37,432 (2014); Norway: 38,413 (2015); Denmark: 18,645 (2014); and Finland: 16,721 (2014).
Ammerud is a part of Grorud Borough in Oslo, Norway known for its large Le Corbusier style housing blocks. The borough administration is located here.
The is an interdisciplinary graduate school located in Onna, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan. The school offers a 5-year PhD program in Science. Over half of the faculty and students are recruited from outside Japan, and all education and research is conducted entirely in English.
Successful cultivation of cotton requires a long frost-free period, plenty of sunshine, and a moderate rainfall, usually from 600 to 1,200 mm (24 to 47 in). Soils usually need to be fairly heavy, although the level of nutrients does not need to be exceptional. In general, these conditions are met within the seasonally dry tropics and subtropics in the Northern and Southern hemispheres, but a large proportion of the cotton grown today is cultivated in areas with less rainfall that obtain the water from irrigation. Production of the crop for a given year usually starts soon after harvesting the preceding autumn. Cotton is naturally a perennial but is grown as an annual to help control pests. Planting time in spring in the Northern hemisphere varies from the beginning of February to the beginning of June. The area of the United States known as the South Plains is the largest contiguous cotton-growing region in the world. While dryland (non-irrigated) cotton is successfully grown in this region, consistent yields are only produced with heavy reliance on irrigation water drawn from the Ogallala Aquifer. Since cotton is somewhat salt and drought tolerant, this makes it an attractive crop for arid and semiarid regions. As water resources get tighter around the world, economies that rely on it face difficulties and conflict, as well as potential environmental problems. For example, improper cropping and irrigation practices have led to desertification in areas of Uzbekistan, where cotton is a major export. In the days of the Soviet Union, the Aral Sea was tapped for agricultural irrigation, largely of cotton, and now salination is widespread.
USS "Charles R. Greer" (DE-23) was an constructed for the United States Navy during World War II. She was promptly sent off into the Pacific Ocean to protect convoys and other ships from Japanese submarines and fighter aircraft. At the end of the war, she returned to the United States with two battle stars.
New security features in Windows 8 include two new authentication methods tailored towards touchscreens (PINs and picture passwords), the addition of antivirus capabilities to Windows Defender (bringing it in parity with Microsoft Security Essentials). SmartScreen filtering integrated into Windows, Family Safety offers Parental controls, which allows parents to monitor and manage their children's activities on a device with activity reports and safety controls. Windows 8 also provides integrated system recovery through the new "Refresh" and "Reset" functions, including system recovery from USB drive. Windows 8's first security patches would be released on November 13, 2012; it would contain three fixes deemed "critical" by the company.
Paterson River, a perennial river that is part of the Hunter River catchment, is located in the Hunter and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales, Australia.
Many Fortune 500 corporations are headquartered in New York City, as are a large number of foreign corporations. One out of ten private sector jobs in the city is with a foreign company. New York City has been ranked first among cities across the globe in attracting capital, business, and tourists. This ability to attract foreign investment helped New York City top the FDi Magazine American Cities of the Future ranking for 2013.
The Journal of Communication Management is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering public relations and published by Emerald Group Publishing. It was established in 1996. The journal is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO and Scopus. It is a partner of the European Public Relations Education and Research Association and is the preferred publishing partner of the Chartered Institute of Public Relations. The editor-in-chief since 2016 is Jesper Falkheimer (Lund University), taking over from Anne Gregory (Leeds Metropolitan University).
Law professor, writer and political activist Lawrence Lessig, along with many other copyleft and free software activists, has criticized the implied analogy with physical property (like land or an automobile). They argue such an analogy fails because physical property is generally rivalrous while intellectual works are non-rivalrous (that is, if one makes a copy of a work, the enjoyment of the copy does not prevent enjoyment of the original). Other arguments along these lines claim that unlike the situation with tangible property, there is no natural scarcity of a particular idea or information: once it exists at all, it can be re-used and duplicated indefinitely without such re-use diminishing the original. Stephan Kinsella has objected to intellectual property on the grounds that the word "property" implies scarcity, which may not be applicable to ideas.
Gaullism () is a French political stance based on the thought and action of World War II French Resistance leader General Charles de Gaulle, who would become the founding President of the Fifth French Republic.
In December 2013, Vatican officials approved a supposed miracle that was attributed to the intercession of the late pontiff which was the curing of an unborn child in California, U.S.A in the 1990s. It was expected that Pope Francis would approve the miracle in the near future, thus, warranting the beatification of the late pontiff. In February 2014, it was reported that the consulting Vatican theologians to the Congregation for the Causes of Saints recognized the miracle attributed to the late pontiff.
BNA Records, formerly known as BNA Entertainment, was a label group that shared ties with Arista Nashville and RCA Nashville from parent company Sony Music Nashville, which itself is a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment. Based in Nashville, Tennessee, BNA featured country music acts on its roster. The company derived its name from the IATA and ICAO airport codes for Nashville International Airport.
Giuseppe Demachi (9 June 1732 – 1791 or after) was a composer born in Alessandria, Italy. He served as a leading violinist in the city of his birth and later in the city of Geneva with the Concerto di Ginevra of the Societé de Musique. He also served in the employ of one Count Sannazzaro in the 1760s and 1770s at Casale Monferrato. Not much is known about his life or death. Other than the records of his birth in 1732, his next known appearance in history is in 1763 when he was listed as playing in Alessandria's orchestra. After 1777 he again falls into obscurity until his last verifiable appearance during some concerts in London in 1791. The date of his death is not known, but is believed to have been shortly after his performances in London.
Broderip, second daughter of Thomas Hood, the poet, who died in 1845, by his wife, Jane Reynolds, who died in 1846, was born at Winchmore Hill, Middlesex, in 1830. She was named after her father's friend, Sir Francis Freeling, the secretary to the general post office.
Abu Bakr Atiku dan Shehu was born to the second wife of Usman dan Fodio in 1782. He was involved, as were all his siblings, in studies directed by his father in Degel until the family and some followers were exiled in 1804. Like his brother Muhammed Bello and his sister Nana Asma’u, he dedicated significant part of his early years to study and wrote poetry, history, and on Islamic studies. Many of his works of history and poetry survive and are considered key texts of the era.
Dimitar Andonovski was a student for the Center for Music Education in his native home town of Bitola, Republic of Macedonia. He is not known only for being such a good singer, but he is also a good violinist. His first singing experience was in 1994 when he participated on children festival Si-Do in Bitola, and immediately after that, he appeared on Macedonian Television.
The Senate is currently composed of 51 Republicans, 47 Democrats, and 2 independents, both of whom caucus with the Democrats.
Vasik Rajlich (born 1971 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an International Master in chess and the author of Rybka, previously one of the strongest chess playing programs in the world. Rajlich is a dual Czechoslovakian-American citizen by birth; he was born in the United States of America to Czech parents, at that time graduate students, but grew up in Prague. He later spent years in the United States as a student, graduating from MIT.
Andy Barclay Child's Play character Andy in Child's Play 2 First appearance Child's Play Created by Don Mancini Portrayed by Alex Vincent (1 - 2, 6 - 7) Justin Whalin (3) Information Full name Andrew William Barclay Gender Male Family Karen Barclay (mother) Mr. Barclay (deceased father) Michael Norris (stepfather) Kyle (foster sister) Phil Simpson (deceased foster father) Joanne Simpson (deceased foster mother) Nationality American
``Fair Antigua, We Salute Thee ''is the national anthem of Antigua and Barbuda. Written by Novelle Hamilton Richards and composed by Walter Garnet Picart Chambers, it was adopted as the anthem in 1967 while Antigua and Barbuda were still a British colony. It was adopted as the national anthem upon independence in 1981.`` God Save the Queen'' is still the royal anthem.
Roberto Clemente Clemente in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve, 1958 Right fielder Born: (1934 - 08 - 18) August 18, 1934 Barrio San Antón, Carolina, Puerto Rico Died: December 31, 1972 (1972 - 12 - 31) (aged 38) San Juan, Puerto Rico Batted: Right Threw: Right MLB debut April 17, 1955, for the Pittsburgh Pirates Last MLB appearance October 3, 1972, for the Pittsburgh Pirates MLB statistics Batting average. 317 Hits 3,000 Home runs 240 Runs batted in 1,305 Teams Pittsburgh Pirates (1955 -- 1972) Career highlights and awards 15 × All - Star (1960 -- 1967, 1969 -- 1972) 2 × World Series champion (1960, 1971) NL MVP (1966) World Series MVP (1971) 12 × Gold Glove Award (1961 -- 1972) 4 × NL batting champion (1961, 1964, 1965, 1967) Pittsburgh Pirates # 21 retired Member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame Induction 1973 Vote 92.7% (first ballot)
The Christian biblical canons are the books Christians regard as divinely inspired and which constitute a Christian Bible. Which books constituted the Christian biblical canons of both the Old and New Testament was generally established by the 5th century, despite some scholarly disagreements, for the ancient undivided Church (the Catholic and Eastern Orthodox traditions, before the East -- West Schism).
Stan Wawrinka was the defending champion in men's singles but lost to four-time Australian Open champion Novak Djokovic in the semi-finals. Reigning women's champion Li Na did not defend her title, as she retired from professional tennis in September, 2014. Novak Djokovic won an Open Era record fifth men's singles crown by defeating Andy Murray in the final, and this was the third time they met each other in the final. Serena Williams won an Open Era record six women's singles championships by defeating Maria Sharapova in the final, and this was the second time they met each other in the final.Simone Bolelli and Fabio Fognini teamed up to win the men's doubles title for the first time over the team of Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut. Bethanie Mattek-Sands and Lucie Šafářová teamed up to win the women's doubles crown for the first time over the team of Chan Yung-jan and Zheng Jie. Martina Hingis and Leander Paes teamed up to win the mixed doubles title, it was the second for Hingis and third for Paes, over the defending champions Kristina Mladenovic and Daniel Nestor.
Southwest Human Development was founded in 1981 with six staff members, a small budget of $150,000 and a single support program, serving 175 families. By 1988, the organization had grown to 120 staff members and a budget of $3.5 million. By 1993 it grew to about 230 staff members with a budget of $6.7 million, and by 1996 that had grown to 300 staff members with a budget of $13 million, serving 12,000 families. In 2003, the organization obtained and renovated a 50,000 square foot facility in Phoenix, which is currently used at its headquarters. By 2004, the organization had grown to 450 staff members, with a budget of $23 million, serving 50,000 families. By 2006, more than 40 development and outreach programs had been initiated. In 2007, Southwest Human Development became an affiliate of Easter Seals. In 2010, the organization had grown to 650 staff members, with over 100 programs. Currently, the organization has grown to a staff of over 900, with a budget of $72 million, serving 135,000 families annually.
On December 20, 2005, the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit ruled in the case of ACLU v. Mercer County that the continued display of the Ten Commandments as part of a larger display on American legal traditions in a Kentucky courthouse was allowed, because the purpose of the display (educating the public on American legal traditions) was secular in nature. In ruling on the Mount Soledad cross controversy on May 3, 2006, however, a federal judge ruled that the cross on public property on Mount Soledad must be removed.
Datsun (, ) is an automobile brand owned by Nissan. Datsun's original production run began in 1931. From 1958 to 1986, only vehicles exported by Nissan were identified as Datsun. By 1986 Nissan had phased out the Datsun name, but re-launched it in June 2013 as the brand for low-cost vehicles manufactured for emerging markets.
The Featherduster is a maid of the castle, who is also Lumière's girlfriend. She is transformed into a feather duster as a cause of the Enchantress' spell. She appears in Beauty and the Beast and Belle's Magical World. She also makes a cameo in Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas. There have been some changes to her name throughout the different shows produced; in the musical, she is called Babette; and in Belle's Magical World, she is called Fifi. In the 2017 live - action film, she is portrayed by Gugu Mbatha - Raw and is called Plumette and was transformed into a swan - shaped feather duster.
At Madison Square Garden, New Yorkers can watch the New York Knicks play NBA basketball, while the New York Liberty play in the WNBA. The Barclays Center in Brooklyn is home to the Brooklyn Nets NBA basketball team. The Nets began playing in Brooklyn in 2012, the first major professional sports team to play in the historic borough in half a century. Before the merger of the defunct American Basketball Association with the NBA during the 1976 -- 1977 season, the New York Nets, who shared the same home stadium (Nassau Veterans Memorial Coliseum) on Long Island with the NHL's New York Islanders, were a two - time champion in the ABA and starred the famous Hall of Fame forward Julius Erving. During the first season of the merger (1976 -- 77), the Nets continued to play on Long Island, although Erving's contract had by then been sold to the Philadelphia 76ers. The Nets transferred to New Jersey then next season and became known as the New Jersey Nets, and later moved to Brooklyn prior to the 2012 -- 2013 NBA season.
Gazit () is a kibbutz in northern Israel. Located in the Galilee, it falls under the jurisdiction of Jezreel Valley Regional Council. In it had a population of .
Joseph "Joe" William Crockett (February 16, 1905 – July 11, 2001) was an American sport shooter who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics.
Green Acre Estates is an unincorporated community in Alberta, Canada within Parkland County that is recognized as a designated place by Statistics Canada. It is located on the west side of Range Road 274, south of Highway 628. It is adjacent to the Town of Stony Plain to the northwest and the designated place of Garden Grove Estates to the south.
Hallmark Movies & Mysteries Launched January 20, 2004; 14 years ago (2004 - 01 - 20) Owned by Crown Media Holdings Picture format 1080i (HDTV) (HD feed downgraded to letterboxed 480i for SDTVs) Country United States Language English Broadcast area Nationwide Headquarters Studio City, Los Angeles, California Formerly called Hallmark Movie Channel (2004 -- 2014) Sister channel (s) Hallmark Channel Hallmark Drama Website Official website Availability Satellite DirecTV 565 (HD) Dish Network 187 (HD / SD) 9444 (HD) Cable Available on many cable systems check local listings IPTV Verizon FiOS 739 (HD) 239 (SD) AT&T U-verse 1366 (HD) 366 (SD) Sling TV Internet Protocol television PlayStation Vue Internet Protocol television
Rachael Ann MacFarlane Laudiero (born March 21, 1976) is an American voice actress and singer best known as the voice of character Hayley Smith on the animated television show American Dad!, which was co-created by her older brother Seth MacFarlane. She also voiced Supreme Leader Numbuh 362 in Codename: Kids Next Door and Kate Lockwell in Starcraft II.
The Dark Knight is the nickname of the superhero Batman who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. Batman was first referred to by the nickname in Batman # 1 (Spring 1940), in a story written by Bill Finger.
Several MLB teams used to play regular exhibition games during the year against nearby teams in the other major league, but regular-season interleague play has made such games unnecessary. The two Canadian MLB teams, the Toronto Blue Jays of the American League and the Montreal Expos of the National League, met annually to play the Pearson Cup exhibition game; this tradition ended when the Expos moved to Washington DC for the 2005 season. Similarly, the New York Yankees played in the Mayor's Trophy Game against various local rivals from 1946 to 1983.
``Love Is on the Way '', a song by Billy Porter, released on The First Wives Club Soundtrack, later covered by Celine Dion on her album Let's Talk About Love
Vanity is an oil painting by Italian late Renaissance painter Titian, dated to around 1515 and now held at the Alte Pinakothek in Munich, Germany.
Wario Land: Super Mario Land 3 is a platform game developed by Nintendo for the Game Boy in 1994. It is the first video game to feature Wario as both a playable character and the main character, as well as the first appearance of Captain Syrup and her Brown Sugar Pirates, recurring villains in the "Wario Land" series.
Born in 1946, Jones was selected by the New York Rangers in the second round (tenth overall) of the 1963 NHL Amateur Draft. Although he never played in the National Hockey League, Jones went on to play professional hockey in the Eastern Hockey League with the New Haven Blades, and also in Western International Hockey League with the Nelson Maple Leafs and Trail Smoke Eaters.
There are numerous community and international newspapers locally that cater to the city's ethnic mosaic; such as The Black Chronicle, headquartered in the Eastside, the OK VIETIMES and Oklahoma Chinese Times, located in Asia District, and various Hispanic community publications. The Campus is the student newspaper at Oklahoma City University. Gay publications include The Gayly Oklahoman.
Season Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired 20 February 21, 2003 (2003 - 02 - 21) September 26, 2003 (2003 - 09 - 26) 23 January 16, 2004 (2004 - 01 - 16) November 5, 2004 (2004 - 11 - 05) 23 February 18, 2005 (2005 - 02 - 18) November 4, 2005 (2005 - 11 - 04) 24 February 17, 2006 (2006 - 02 - 17) November 17, 2006 (2006 - 11 - 17) 5 24 February 16, 2007 (2007 - 02 - 16) November 2, 2007 (2007 - 11 - 02) 6 27 January 11, 2008 (2008 - 01 - 11) November 14, 2008 (2008 - 11 - 14) 7 31 February 20, 2009 (2009 - 02 - 20) October 16, 2009 (2009 - 10 - 16) 8 25 February 19, 2010 (2010 - 02 - 19) November 12, 2010 (2010 - 11 - 12) 9 35 January 14, 2011 (2011 - 01 - 14) November 11, 2011 (2011 - 11 - 11) 10 35 January 13, 2012 (2012 - 01 - 13) November 16, 2012 (2012 - 11 - 16) 11 35 January 18, 2013 (2013 - 01 - 18) November 22, 2013 (2013 - 11 - 22) 12 35 January 17, 2014 (2014 - 01 - 17) November 21, 2014 (2014 - 11 - 21) 13 35 January 9, 2015 (2015 - 01 - 09) November 20, 2015 (2015 - 11 - 20) 14 38 January 15, 2016 (2016 - 01 - 15) November 11, 2016 (2016 - 11 - 11) 15 35 January 20, 2017 (2017 - 01 - 20) November 17, 2017 (2017 - 11 - 17) 16 TBA January 19, 2018 (2018 - 01 - 19) TBA
Katharine Brown (born 7 April 1987) is a Scottish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Scotland 2009 and Miss United Kingdom 2010. Katharine attended Dunblane High School.
A filibuster in the United States Senate is a dilatory or obstructive tactic used in the United States Senate to prevent a measure from being brought to a vote. The most common form of filibuster occurs when one or more senators attempts to delay or block a vote on a bill by extending debate on the measure. The Senate rules permit a senator, or a series of senators, to speak for as long as they wish, and on any topic they choose, unless ``three - fifths of the Senators duly chosen and sworn ''(usually 60 out of 100) bring the debate to a close by invoking cloture under Senate Rule XXII.
Anaximander was an early proponent of science and tried to observe and explain different aspects of the universe, with a particular interest in its origins, claiming that nature is ruled by laws, just like human societies, and anything that disturbs the balance of nature does not last long. Like many thinkers of his time, Anaximander's philosophy included contributions to many disciplines. In astronomy, he attempted to describe the mechanics of celestial bodies in relation to the Earth. In physics, his postulation that the indefinite (or apeiron) was the source of all things led Greek philosophy to a new level of conceptual abstraction. His knowledge of geometry allowed him to introduce the gnomon in Greece. He created a map of the world that contributed greatly to the advancement of geography. He was also involved in the politics of Miletus and was sent as a leader to one of its colonies.
Jeff Allan sometimes spelled Jeff Allen (born May 17, 1957) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played four games in the National Hockey League for the Cleveland Barons. He would also play two games in the World Hockey Association with the Cincinnati Stingers. As a youth, he played in the 1970 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the Toronto Young Nationals minor ice hockey team.
The Indian capital city of Delhi has a long history, and has been an important political centre of India as the capital of several empires. Much of Delhi's ancient history finds no record and this may be regarded as a lost period of its history. Extensive coverage of Delhi's history begins with the onset of the Delhi Sultanate in the 12th century. Since then, Delhi has been the centre of a succession of mighty empires and powerful kingdoms, making Delhi one of the longest serving Capitals and one of the oldest inhabited cities in the world. It is considered to be a city built, destroyed and rebuilt several times, as outsiders who successfully invaded the Indian Subcontinent would ransack the existing capital city in Delhi, and those who came to conquer and stay would be so impressed by the city's strategic location as to make it their capital and rebuild it in their own way. The core of Delhi's tangible heritage is Hindu, Islamic (spanning over seven centuries of Islamic rule over the city) with expansive British - era architecture in Lutyens' Delhi dating to the British rule in India.
The Oblate Sisters of Providence is a Roman Catholic women's religious institute, founded by Mother Mary Elizabeth Lange (1784 - 1882), OSP, and Rev. James Nicholas Joubert, SS in 1828 in Baltimore, Maryland for the education of girls of African descent. It was the first permanent community of Roman Catholic sisters of African descent in the United States. The Oblate Sisters were free women of color who sought to provide Baltimore's African American population with education and "a corps of teachers from its own ranks." The congregation is also a member of the Women of Providence in Collaboration.
Joseph Hubert Cogels (14 January 1894 – 26 July 1978) was a Belgian sport shooter who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. In 1920 he won the silver medal as member of the Belgian team in the team clay pigeons competition.
Moorea-Maiao is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The commune is in the administrative subdivision of the Windward Islands. At the 2017 census it had a population of 17,816.
The J. Paul Getty Museum, commonly referred to as the Getty, is an art museum in California housed on two campuses: the Getty Center and Getty Villa. The two locations received over two million visitors in 2016.
Costo was a first round draft pick (8th overall) in the 1990 Amateur Draft. He was drafted by the Cleveland Indians. He had a nine-year minor League career, in the farm system for the Indians, the Cincinnati Reds, the St. Louis Cardinals, and the Toronto Blue Jays. He lives in Chattanooga, Tennessee where he is the Head Baseball coach at The McCallie School.
Home computers were a class of microcomputers that entered the market in 1977, that started with what Byte Magazine called the ``trinity of 1977 '', (the Apple II, the TRS - 80 Model I, and the Commodore PET) and which became common during the 1980s. They were marketed to consumers as affordable and accessible computers that, for the first time, were intended for the use of a single nontechnical user. These computers were a distinct market segment that typically cost much less than business, scientific or engineering - oriented computers of the time such as the IBM PC, and were generally less powerful in terms of memory and expandability. However, a home computer often had better graphics and sound than contemporary business computers. Their most common uses were playing video games, but they were also regularly used for word processing, doing homework, and programming.
After repeated efforts by the Samoan independence movement, the New Zealand Western Samoa Act 1961 of 24 November 1961 granted Samoa independence effective 1 January 1962, upon which the Trusteeship Agreement terminated. Samoa also signed a friendship treaty with New Zealand. Samoa, the first small-island country in the Pacific to become independent, joined the Commonwealth of Nations on 28 August 1970. While independence was achieved at the beginning of January, Samoa annually celebrates 1 June as its independence day.
Because there are no permanent human settlements south of the Antarctic Circle, apart from research stations, the countries and territories whose populations experience the midnight sun are limited to those crossed by the Arctic Circle: the Canadian Yukon, Nunavut, and Northwest Territories; the nations of Iceland, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark (Greenland), Russia; and the State of Alaska in the United States. A quarter of Finland's territory lies north of the Arctic Circle, and at the country's northernmost point the sun does not set at all for 60 days during summer. In Svalbard, Norway, the northernmost inhabited region of Europe, there is no sunset from approximately 19 April to 23 August. The extreme sites are the poles, where the sun can be continuously visible for half the year. The North Pole has midnight sun for 6 months from late March to late September.
Consistent with the missions and priorities outlined above, the Canadian Armed Forces also contribute to the conduct of Canadian defence diplomacy through a range of activities, including the deployment of Canadian Defence Attachés, participation in bilateral and multilateral military forums (e.g. the System of Cooperation Among the American Air Forces), ship and aircraft visits, military training and cooperation, and other such outreach and relationship-building efforts.
In 2016, United States public debt - to - GDP ratio was at 104.8%. The level of public debt in Japan 2013 was 243.2% of GDP, in China 22.4% and in India 66.7%, according to the IMF, while the public debt - to - GDP ratio at the end of the 2nd quarter of 2016 was at 70.1% of GDP in Germany, 89.1% in the United Kingdom, 98.2% in France and 135.5% in Italy, according to Eurostat.
Santiago Dam (also known as Santiago Creek Dam) is an earth/rockfill dam across Santiago Creek in Orange County, in the U.S. state of California, forming Irvine Lake. The earth dam and its reservoir serve for flood control and recreational purposes. It lies upstream (southeast) from the city of Orange and north of Irvine. Irvine Lake is the largest body of fresh water entirely in Orange County.
Huntington Lake is a reservoir in Fresno County, California on Big Creek, located in the Sierra Nevada at an elevation of 2,120 meters (6955 ft). Several smaller streams also flow into the lake and it receives additional water from the underground tunnels of Southern California Edison's Big Creek hydroelectric project. Water from the lake flows into Big Creek, but some is diverted by underground tunnels to the Eastwood Powerhouse, which discharges into Shaver Lake.
David Melgueiro (Porto, ? – Porto, 1673?) is supposed to have been a Portuguese navigator and explorer. He allegedly sailed across the Northeast Passage in 1660 by travelling from Japan to Portugal through the Arctic Ocean at a time when Portuguese vessels were banned from Japan.
The Taifa of Ronda was a medieval Berber taifa kingdom centered in Moorish al-Andalus in what is now southern Spain. It existed from 1039 to 1065. The taifa was ruled by a family from the Berber Banu Ifran tribe of North Africa. Its capital was the city of Ronda. From 1065 until 1091, the taifa was under the control of the Taifa of Seville, led by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.
The Thoré () is a long river in the Hérault and Tarn "départements", southwestern France. Its source is in the northern part of Rieussec. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Agout into which it flows between Navès and Castres.
Smith Island is an island on the Chesapeake Bay, on the border of Maryland and Virginia territorial waters in the United States.
The Franchise is an American reality-documentary television show that debuted on July 13, 2011, on the Showtime television network. The series follows Major League Baseball (MLB) teams before and during the baseball season.
Emerson USA Inc. is a California based flag manufacturer. Founded in 2003, the company is one of San Francisco's only textile manufacturers.
Lazer Team is a 2015 American science fiction action comedy film directed, produced, and co-written by Matt Hullum. The first feature film produced by Rooster Teeth, it stars Burnie Burns, Gavin Free, Michael Jones, Colton Dunn, Allie DeBerry, and Alan Ritchson. The film follows the Lazer Team, a group of four who find themselves responsible for the fate of the planet upon discovering an alien crash site containing a battle suit.
WOKH (102.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Springfield, Kentucky, as well as Lebanon, Kentucky and Bardstown, Kentucky. The station is owned by WBRT, through licensee Bardstown Radio Team, LLC. It airs an Adult Contemporary music format.
Despite their soft, gelatinous bodies, fossils thought to represent ctenophores, apparently with no tentacles but many more comb-rows than modern forms, have been found in lagerstätten as far back as the early Cambrian, about 515 million years ago. The position of the ctenophores in the evolutionary family tree of animals has long been debated, and the majority view at present, based on molecular phylogenetics, is that cnidarians and bilaterians are more closely related to each other than either is to ctenophores. A recent molecular phylogenetics analysis concluded that the common ancestor of all modern ctenophores was cydippid-like, and that all the modern groups appeared relatively recently, probably after the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event 66 million years ago. Evidence accumulating since the 1980s indicates that the "cydippids" are not monophyletic, in other words do not include all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor, because all the other traditional ctenophore groups are descendants of various cydippids.
On April 22, 1971, Kerry appeared before a U.S. Senate committee hearing on proposals relating to ending the war. The day after this testimony, Kerry participated in a demonstration with thousands of other veterans in which he and other Vietnam War veterans threw their medals and service ribbons over a fence erected at the front steps of the United States Capitol building to dramatize their opposition to the war. Jack Smith, a Marine, read a statement explaining why the veterans were returning their military awards to the government. For more than two hours, almost 1000 angry veterans tossed their medals, ribbons, hats, jackets, and military papers over the fence. Each veteran gave his or her name, hometown, branch of service and a statement. Kerry threw some of his own decorations and awards as well as some given to him by other veterans to throw. As Kerry threw his decorations over the fence, his statement was: "I'm not doing this for any violent reasons, but for peace and justice, and to try and make this country wake up once and for all."
HMAS "Vendetta" was one of three "Daring" class destroyers built for and operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). The destroyer was built by Williamstown Naval Dockyard and entered service in 1958. During her early career, "Vendetta" was deployed to the Far East Strategic Reserve on multiple occasions. In 1965 and 1966, the destroyer undertook deterrence patrols during the Indonesia-Malaysia Confrontation. Along with several runs escorting the troop transport to Vietnam, from late 1969 to early 1970 "Vendetta" was assigned to combat operations, and became the only Australian-built warship to serve in a shore bombardment role during the Vietnam War.
In 2013, the northern atolls of the Marshall Islands experienced drought. The drought left 6,000 people surviving on less than 1 litre (0.22 imp gal; 0.26 US gal) of water per day. This resulted in the failure of food crops and the spread of diseases such as diarrhea, pink eye, and influenza. These emergencies resulted in the United States President declaring an emergency in the islands. This declaration activated support from US government agencies under the Republic's "free association" status with the United States, which provides humanitarian and other vital support.
Donald Paul Werner (born March 8, 1953 in Appleton, Wisconsin) is a retired Major League Baseball catcher. He played during seven seasons at the major league level, playing for the Cincinnati Reds and Texas Rangers (baseball). In 1978, the Reds starting catcher, Johnny Bench, sat out 20 plus games with an injury which gave Don a starting role. On June 16 of the same year he caught the only no-hitter of Hall of Famer Tom Seaver's career. He was drafted by the Reds in the 5th round of the amateur draft. Werner played his first professional season with their Rookie League Gulf Coast Reds in 1971, and his last with Texas' Triple-A club, the Oklahoma RedHawks in .
Armenia is member of Collective Security Treaty Organisation (CSTO) along with Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan. It participates in NATO's Partnership for Peace (PiP) program and is in a NATO organisation called Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council (EAPC). Armenia has engaged in a peacekeeping mission in Kosovo as part of non-NATO KFOR troops under Greek command. Armenia also had 46 members of its military peacekeeping forces as a part of the Coalition Forces in Iraq War until October 2008.
The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers (, translit. "Novye prikluchenya Neulovimykh") is a 1968 Soviet action movie, a sequel of "The Elusive Avengers", directed by Edmond Keosayan and made on Mosfilm. The movie was followed by "The Crown of the Russian Empire, or Once Again the Elusive Avengers" released in 1971.
A Christian ( pronunciation (help·info)) is a person who adheres to Christianity, an Abrahamic, monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of Jesus Christ. "Christian" derives from the Koine Greek word Christós (Χριστός), a translation of the Biblical Hebrew term mashiach.
Victor Heck (born David Nordhaus, July 20, 1967 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American editor and horror fiction author whose novels and short stories are published under his pen name. He is the former owner/operator of DarkTales Publications. In 1999, Heck’s "The Asylum Volume 1: The Psycho Ward" was nominated for the British Fantasy Award for Best Anthology.
In 1045, the Byzantine Empire conquered Bagratid Armenia. Soon, the other Armenian states fell under Byzantine control as well. The Byzantine rule was short lived, as in 1071 Seljuk Turks defeated the Byzantines and conquered Armenia at the Battle of Manzikert, establishing the Seljuk Empire. To escape death or servitude at the hands of those who had assassinated his relative, Gagik II, King of Ani, an Armenian named Roupen, went with some of his countrymen into the gorges of the Taurus Mountains and then into Tarsus of Cilicia. The Byzantine governor of the palace gave them shelter where the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia was eventually established on 6 January 1198 under King Leo I, a descendant of Prince Roupen.
Selway National Forest was established by the U.S. Forest Service in Idaho on July 1, 1911 with from parts of Clearwater National Forest and Nez Perce National Forest. On October 29, 1934 the entire forest was divided between Bitterroot, Clearwater, Lolo and Nez Perce, and the name was discontinued.
Daniel Jacob Stern (born August 28, 1957) is an American film and television actor, director and screenwriter. He is known for his roles as Marv Merchants in Home Alone, Home Alone 2: Lost in New York, and the voice of Adult Kevin Arnold on the television series The Wonder Years. He also starred in the horror comedy film Otis.
Gillette Stadium is a stadium located in Foxborough, Massachusetts, 28 miles (45 km) southwest of downtown Boston and 20 miles (32 km) northeast of downtown Providence, Rhode Island. It serves as the home stadium and administrative offices for both the NFL's New England Patriots football franchise and MLS's New England Revolution soccer team. In 2012, it also became the home stadium for the football program of the University of Massachusetts (UMass), while on - campus Warren McGuirk Alumni Stadium was undergoing renovations. Gillette will continue to host higher attended home games.
The first Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes was set up in August 1978 with Bhola Paswan Shastri as Chairman and other four Members. In 1990 the Commission for SCs and STs was renamed as the National Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes were formed as per 1987 and it was set up as a National Level Advisory Body to advise the Government on broad policy issues and levels of development of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
On October 27, 2009, Konami announced "Frogger Returns" being released on WiiWare and PlayStation Network. A version for the DSiWare was also announced in 2010.
Victoria's self-imposed isolation from the public diminished the popularity of the monarchy, and encouraged the growth of the republican movement. She did undertake her official government duties, yet chose to remain secluded in her royal residences—Windsor Castle, Osborne House, and the private estate in Scotland that she and Albert had acquired in 1847, Balmoral Castle. In March 1864, a protester stuck a notice on the railings of Buckingham Palace that announced "these commanding premises to be let or sold in consequence of the late occupant's declining business". Her uncle Leopold wrote to her advising her to appear in public. She agreed to visit the gardens of the Royal Horticultural Society at Kensington and take a drive through London in an open carriage.
Originally, the tournament was scheduled to be played in India. It was moved to the United Arab Emirates, following ongoing political tensions between India and Pakistan.
A native of Sault Ste. Marie, she completed her studies in physiotherapy and occupational therapy at the University of Toronto and received a BSc degree at the University of Western Ontario and an MSc degree at McGill University. She also graduated as a Doctor of Philosophy in rehabilitation science at McGill.
Juggernaut (Cain Marko) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character, who first appeared in "X-Men" #12 (July 1965), was created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby. He is the stepbrother of Professor X.
Dragon Quest XI: Echoes of an Elusive Age is a role - playing video game developed and published by Square Enix. An entry in the longrunning Dragon Quest video game series, it was released in Japan for the Nintendo 3DS and PlayStation 4 in July 2017, and will be released worldwide for the PlayStation 4 and Microsoft Windows in September 2018, as well as for the Nintendo Switch sometime beyond 2018. By the end of 2017, the game had sold three million copies across the PlayStation 4 and 3DS.
Campagnoli was a virtuoso violinist who toured Europe propagating the 18th Century Italian violin style. He also has a number of compositions to his name, notably:
Blackadder II is the second series of the BBC sitcom "Blackadder", written by Richard Curtis and Ben Elton, which aired from 9 January 1986 to 20 February 1986. The series is set in England during the reign of Queen Elizabeth I (1558–1603), and sees the principal character, Edmund, Lord Blackadder, as a Tudor courtier attempting to win the favour of the Queen while avoiding execution by decapitation, a fate that befell many of her suitors.
The Democratic Party controlled a majority in both chambers for the first time since the end of the 103rd Congress in 1995. Although the Democrats held fewer than 50 Senate seats, they had an operational majority because the two independent senators caucused with the Democrats for organizational purposes. No Democratic - held seats had fallen to the Republican Party in the 2006 elections. Democrat Nancy Pelosi became the first woman Speaker of the House. The House also received the first Muslim (Keith Ellison) and Buddhist (Hank Johnson and Mazie Hirono) members of Congress.
The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American epic religious drama film produced, directed, and narrated by Cecil B. DeMille, shot in VistaVision (color by Technicolor), and released by Paramount Pictures. The film is based on Prince of Egypt by Dorothy Clarke Wilson, Pillar of Fire by J.H. Ingraham, On Eagle's Wings by A.E. Southon, and the Book of Exodus. The Ten Commandments dramatizes the biblical story of the life of Moses, an adopted Egyptian prince who becomes the deliverer of his real brethren, the enslaved Hebrews, and therefore leads the Exodus to Mount Sinai, where he receives, from God, the Ten Commandments. The film stars Charlton Heston in the lead role, Yul Brynner as Rameses, Anne Baxter as Nefretiri, Edward G. Robinson as Dathan, Yvonne De Carlo as Sephora, Debra Paget as Lilia, and John Derek as Joshua; and features Sir Cedric Hardwicke as Sethi, Nina Foch as Bithiah, Martha Scott as Yoshebel, Judith Anderson as Memnet, and Vincent Price as Baka, among others.
John Forrest, CB, QHP (20 June 1804, Stirling, Scotland – 10 December 1865, Bath, England) was a British military medical officer.
Granger is a city in Williamson County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,419 at the 2010 census. Granger was the site for the 2010 remake of the movie True Grit, as well as an episode of the NBC drama Revolution.
Theodore Matthew Michael Kuhn, Jr. (born September 21, 1932), known as Mickey Kuhn, is an American former child actor of the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s. He came to prominence in 1939 playing Beau Wilkes in Gone with the Wind.
Ultimate Kylie is the second major greatest hits album by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue, and her first greatest hits released under her contract with Parlophone, her record company between 1999-2015. The compilation was released in many different formats including a two-disc edition and a deluxe double disc with a bonus DVD. A separate compilation DVD with the same name, was released to accompany the audio versions. The album includes two new tracks; its lead single, "I Believe in You", and the second single, "Giving You Up". A third track, "Made of Glass", was recorded for the album but not used; it was included on the physical releases of "Giving You Up".
Basset Hound Tan and white Basset Hound Common nicknames Basset, Hush Puppy Origin Great Britain France (hide) Traits Weight male: 25 -- 34 kg (55 -- 75 lb) female: 20 -- 29 kg (45 -- 65 lb) Height male: 30 -- 38 cm (12 -- 15 in) female: 28 -- 36 cm (11 -- 14 in) Coat Smooth, short and close Colour Generally black, white and tan (tri-colour) or tan / lemon and white (bi-colour); but any recognised hound colour acceptable. Litter size 6 -- 8 puppies Life span Median 10 -- 12 years (hide) Classification / standards FCI Group 6, Section 1.3 Scenthounds: Small # 163 standard AKC Hound standard ANKC Group 4 (Hounds) standard CKC Group 2 (Hounds) standard KC (UK) Hound standard NZKC Hounds standard UKC Scenthound standard Domestic dog (Canis lupus familiaris)
With Vivien Leigh's star turn due to her performance as Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone with the Wind" (1939), Korda shelved "21 Days" for two years before releasing it to Columbia Pictures. Bosley Crowther in his review for "The New York Times", said, "True, it is no deathless drama—is little more than a cultivated penny-thriller, in fact—and Miss Leigh, as the party of the second part, is required to devote her charm and talents to nothing more constructive than making the apparently inevitable parting from poor Mr. Olivier seem exceedingly painful, indeed. But it is a highly charged "meller," rigid throughout with suspense and nicely laced with much tender emotion."
Prince Friedrich of Hesse and by Rhine (Friedrich Wilhelm August Victor Leopold Ludwig; 7 October 1870 – 29 May 1873) was the haemophiliac second son of Louis IV, Grand Duke of Hesse, and Princess Alice of the United Kingdom, one of the daughters of Queen Victoria. He was also a maternal great-uncle of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh through his eldest sister Princess Victoria of Hesse and by Rhine.
On February 19, 1803, U.S. President Thomas Jefferson signed an act of Congress that approved Ohio's boundaries and constitution. However, Congress had never passed a resolution formally admitting Ohio as the 17th state. The current custom of Congress declaring an official date of statehood did not begin until 1812, with Louisiana's admission as the 18th state. Although no formal resolution of admission was required, when the oversight was discovered in 1953, Ohio congressman George H. Bender introduced a bill in Congress to admit Ohio to the Union retroactive to March 1, 1803, the date on which the Ohio General Assembly first convened. At a special session at the old state capital in Chillicothe, the Ohio state legislature approved a new petition for statehood that was delivered to Washington, D.C. on horseback. On August 7, 1953 (the year of Ohio's 150th anniversary), President Eisenhower signed a congressional joint resolution that officially declared March 1, 1803, the date of Ohio's admittance into the Union.
As of 2003[update] the average price to rent an average apartment in Bern was 1108.92 Swiss francs (CHF) per month (US$890, £500, €710 approx. exchange rate from 2003). The average rate for a one-room apartment was 619.82 CHF (US$500, £280, €400), a two-room apartment was about 879.36 CHF (US$700, £400, €560), a three-room apartment was about 1040.54 CHF (US$830, £470, €670) and a six or more room apartment cost an average of 2094.80 CHF (US$1680, £940, €1340). The average apartment price in Bern was 99.4% of the national average of 1116 CHF. The vacancy rate for the municipality, in 2010[update], was 0.45%.
Visa requirements for New Zealand citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of New Zealand. As of 1 January 2017, New Zealand citizens had visa - free or visa on arrival access to 172 countries and territories, ranking the New Zealand passport 5th in terms of travel freedom (tied with Irish and Japanese passports) according to the Henley visa restrictions index.
Stauffenberg's full name was Claus Philipp Maria Justinian, followed by the noble title of "Count of Stauffenberg". He was born in the Stauffenberg castle of Jettingen between Ulm and Augsburg, in the eastern part of Swabia, at that time in the Kingdom of Bavaria, part of the German Empire. He was the third of four sons including the twins Berthold and Alexander and his own twin brother Konrad Maria, who died in Jettingen one day after birth on 16 November 1907. His father was Alfred Klemens Philipp Friedrich Justinian, the last Oberhofmarschall of the Kingdom of Württemberg. His mother was Caroline Schenk Gräfin von Stauffenberg, née Gräfin von Üxküll-Gyllenband, the daughter of Alfred Richard August Graf von Üxküll-Gyllenband and Valerie Gräfin von Hohenthal.The titles "Graf" and "Gräfin" mean count and countess, respectively. Schenk (i.e., cupbearer/butler) was an additional hereditary noble title. The ancestral castle of the nobility was the last part of the title, which was Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg and used as part of the name. The Stauffenberg family is one of the oldest and most distinguished aristocratic Catholic families of southern Germany. Among his maternal Protestant ancestors were several famous Prussians, including Field Marshal August von Gneisenau.On 11 November 1919, a new constitutional law, as part of the Weimar Republic, abolished the privileges of nobility. Article 109 also stated, "Legal privileges or disadvantages based on birth or social standing are to be abolished. Noble titles form part of the name only; noble titles may not be granted any more."
Esmond was born in Surrey, England. She made her stage debut in pantomime in Sheffield in 1891 and later appeared on the American as well as British stage for many years before going into silent films and later talkies. She became a prolific supporting actress in films, often playing servants and nannies, as in "Dear Octopus" (1943).
Drassanes is a Barcelona Metro station located underneath "Portal de la Santa Madrona", just off "La Rambla" in the Ciutat Vella district of Barcelona. It is named after the nearby "Drassanes Reials de Barcelona", the old shipyards that are now the home of the "Museu Marítim de Barcelona". It is the closest station to the Port of Barcelona and one of the network's closest stations to the sea, and is served by TMB-operated Barcelona Metro line L3.
In May and June 1939, the King and Queen toured Canada and the United States. From Ottawa, the royal couple were accompanied throughout by Canadian Prime Minister William Lyon Mackenzie King, to present themselves in North America as King and Queen of Canada. George was the first reigning monarch of Canada to visit North America, although he had been to Canada previously as Prince Albert and as Duke of York. Both Governor General of Canada Lord Tweedsmuir and Mackenzie King hoped that the King's presence in Canada would demonstrate the principles of the Statute of Westminster 1931, which gave full sovereignty to the British Dominions. On 19 May, George VI personally accepted and approved the Letter of Credence of the new U.S. Ambassador to Canada, Daniel Calhoun Roper; gave Royal Assent to nine parliamentary bills; and ratified two international treaties with the Great Seal of Canada. The official royal tour historian, Gustave Lanctot, wrote "the Statute of Westminster had assumed full reality" and George gave a speech emphasising "the free and equal association of the nations of the Commonwealth".
Infest is the second studio album and major-label debut by the American rock band Papa Roach. It was released on April 25, 2000 through DreamWorks Records, and became the 20th highest-selling album of 2000 in the United States. The sound of the album is nu metal and rap metal. Many of the album songs contains rapping and hip hop influences. It was certified 3× Platinum in the U.S. on July 18, 2001, and peaked at  5 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. This album earned the band a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist. "Infest" has sold more than seven million copies worldwide with three million in U.S. and is their best-selling album to date.
"Because" is a song written by John Lennon (credited to Lennon–McCartney) and recorded by the English rock band the Beatles. It was released on their 1969 album "Abbey Road", immediately preceding the extended medley on side two of the record. It features a prominent three-part vocal harmony by Lennon, Paul McCartney, and George Harrison, recorded three times to make nine voices in all.
In March 2013, the Blackstone Group and Carl Icahn expressed interest in purchasing Dell. In April 2013, Blackstone withdrew their offer, citing deteriorating business. Other private equity firms such as KKR & Co. and TPG Capital declined to submit alternative bids for Dell, citing the uncertain market for personal computers and competitive pressures, so the "wide-open bidding war" never materialized. Analysts said that the biggest challenge facing Silver Lake would be to find an “exit strategy” to profit from its investment, which would be when the company would hold an IPO to go public again, and one warned “But even if you can get a $25bn enterprise value for Dell, it will take years to get out.”
Guadalupe Peak, also known as Signal Peak, is the highest natural point in Texas, with an elevation of above sea level. It is located in Guadalupe Mountains National Park, and is part of the Guadalupe Mountains range in southeastern New Mexico and West Texas. The mountain is about east of El Paso and about southwest of Carlsbad, New Mexico. The peak rises more than above the arid floor of the Chihuahuan Desert.
NFL is a 1989 football video game, developed by Atlus and published by LJN exclusively for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Cats (Felis silvestris catus), known in ancient Egypt as ``Mau '', were considered sacred in ancient Egyptian society. Based on recent DNA comparisons of living species, it has been estimated that cats were first domesticated from the Middle Eastern subspecies of the wildcat about 10,000 years ago in the Fertile Crescent. Thousands of years later, the peoples in what would later be Upper and Lower Egypt had a religion centering on the worship of animals, including cats.
Iraqi Light Armored Vehicle or International Light Armored Vehicle is an armored fighting vehicle based on the Cougar and manufactured by Force Protection Industries, BAE Systems and General Dynamics.
The word "police" was borrowed from French into the English language in the 18th century, but for a long time it applied only to French and continental European police forces. The word, and the concept of police itself, were "disliked as a symbol of foreign oppression" (according to Britannica 1911). Before the 19th century, the first use of the word "police" recorded in government documents in the United Kingdom was the appointment of Commissioners of Police for Scotland in 1714 and the creation of the Marine Police in 1798.
Carlo Carfagna (born in Guarcino, Italy, 1940) is an Italian classical guitarist, author of many musical publications.His musical education takes place at the Conservatory of Rome and Naples, under the guidance of Mario Gangi, which subsequently will be teaching colleague for many years at Santa Cecilia.
Estonia co-operates with Latvia and Lithuania in several trilateral Baltic defence co-operation initiatives, including Baltic Battalion (BALTBAT), Baltic Naval Squadron (BALTRON), Baltic Air Surveillance Network (BALTNET) and joint military educational institutions such as the Baltic Defence College in Tartu. Future co-operation will include sharing of national infrastructures for training purposes and specialisation of training areas (BALTTRAIN) and collective formation of battalion-sized contingents for use in the NATO rapid-response force. In January 2011 the Baltic states were invited to join NORDEFCO, the defence framework of the Nordic countries.
As used by Saint Paul in the Pauline epistles it refers to the Christian Church as a group of believers. In Roman Catholic theology the use of the phrase ``mystical body ''distinguishes the mystical body of Christ, the Church, from the physical body of Christ, and from a`` moral body'' such as any club with a common purpose.
During his career as an instructor for the Political Science Department at Korea University, the authorities sentenced Ko Sung-kuk to 3 years of imprisonment, and to a 3-year suspension of teaching license under the National Security Act on November 27, 1986.
Shickshinny Creek (historically known as Shickohinna) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in the Wyoming Valley in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Ross Township, Union Township, and Shickshinny. Its watershed has an area of and its tributaries include Culver Creek, Reyburn Creek, and Little Shickshinny Creek. The creek is designated as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery. A sawmill and a gristmill were built on the creek in 1802 and 1804, respectively. Several bridges have also been constructed over it. The creek was historically polluted by culm near its mouth, but agriculture was the main industry in the watershed in the early 1900s. It was historically used as a water supply.
The climatic changes of the late Jurassic and Cretaceous provided for further adaptive radiation. The Jurassic was the height of archosaur diversity, and the first birds and eutherian mammals also appeared. Angiosperms radiated sometime in the early Cretaceous, first in the tropics, but the even temperature gradient allowed them to spread toward the poles throughout the period. By the end of the Cretaceous, angiosperms dominated tree floras in many areas, although some evidence suggests that biomass was still dominated by cycad and ferns until after the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction.
Raeanne Presley is an American politician of the Republican Party, having served four terms as Mayor of Branson, Missouri. Presley had previously served as an alderman in Branson, and had lost an election for mayor to Lou Schaeffer in the mid-1990s. She was defeated for re-election in 2015 by the current mayor, Karen Best.
Jai Courtney as John ``Jack ''McClane, Jr., the son of the senior McClane and a CIA operative on a mission in Russia.
In order to seek out the Karmapa, the Yongle Emperor dispatched his eunuch Hou Xian and the Buddhist monk Zhi Guang (d. 1435) to Tibet. Traveling to Lhasa either through Qinghai or via the Silk Road to Khotan, Hou Xian and Zhi Guang did not return to Nanjing until 1407.
The concept of dominance was introduced by Gregor Johann Mendel. Though Mendel, ``The Father of Genetics '', first used the term in the 1860s, it was not widely known until the early twentieth century. Mendel observed that, for a variety of traits of garden peas having to do with the appearance of seeds, seed pods, and plants, there were two discrete phenotypes, such as round versus wrinkled seeds, yellow versus green seeds, red versus white flowers or tall versus short plants. When bred separately, the plants always produced the same phenotypes, generation after generation. However, when lines with different phenotypes were crossed (interbred), one and only one of the parental phenotypes showed up in the offspring (green, or round, or red, or tall). However, when these hybrid plants were crossed, the offspring plants showed the two original phenotypes, in a characteristic 3: 1 ratio, the more common phenotype being that of the parental hybrid plants. Mendel reasoned that each parent in the first cross was a homozygote for different alleles (one parent AA and the other parent aa), that each contributed one allele to the offspring, with the result that all of these hybrids were heterozygotes (Aa), and that one of the two alleles in the hybrid cross dominated expression of the other: A masked a. The final cross between two heterozygotes (Aa X Aa) would produce AA, Aa, and aa offspring in a 1: 2: 1 genotype ratio with the first two classes showing the (A) phenotype, and the last showing the (a) phenotype, thereby producing the 3: 1 phenotype ratio.
Romance of the Underworld is a 1928 American silent film drama produced and distributed by Fox Film Corporation. Directed by Irving Cummings and starring Mary Astor. It is taken from a stage play called "A Romance of the Underworld" by Paul Armstrong. A previous version of the story was filmed as "A Romance of the Underworld" in 1918 by director James Kirkwood with Catherine Calvert in Astor's part. The 1928 film is extant at the Museum of Modern Art. And also in a European archive.
Indianford (also Fosters Ferry, Fulton Center, Indian Ford, Morses Landing) is an unincorporated community located in the town of Fulton in Rock County, Wisconsin, United States, on the Rock River. The Rock River is dammed at Indianford; this creates Lake Koshkonong upstream from the dam.
Nénette is a 2010 French documentary film about a 40-year-old female orangutan living in the menagerie of the Jardin des Plantes, (the zoo in Paris, France). The film, directed by Nicolas Philibert presents an intimate portrait of the ape, originally from Borneo, who has spent most of her life in captivity. In accord with the Cinéma vérité style of Philibert's earlier works, the camera rests on Nénette and her son Tübo in their glass-fronted enclosure. We hear the conversations and see the reflections of the zoo visitors in the glass as they regard Nénette, a mother of four who has survived three mates.
Persikasi stands for Persatuan Sepakbola Indonesia Kabupaten Bekasi ("en: Football Association of Indonesia Bekasi Regency"). Persikasi Bekasi is an Indonesian football club based in Bekasi Regency, West Java. Club played in Liga Nusantara.
Compass-M1 is an experimental satellite launched for signal testing and validation and for the frequency filing on 14 April 2007. The role of Compass-M1 for Compass is similar to the role of the GIOVE satellites for the Galileo system. The orbit of Compass-M1 is nearly circular, has an altitude of 21,150 km and an inclination of 55.5 degrees.
Deep Roy (born Mohinder Purba; 1 December 1957), sometimes credited as Roy Deep, is a Anglo - Indian actor, stuntman, puppeteer and comedian. Due to his diminutive size (stated by IMDB to be 4'4 ''or 132 cm), he has appeared in a number of similar - sized roles, such as the Oompa - Loompas in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Keenser in Star Trek and subsequent films (``Kelvin Timeline''), and in television series such as The X-Files, Doctor Who and Eastbound & Down.
United States presidential election, 1936 ← 1932 November 3, 1936 1940 → 531 electoral votes of the Electoral College 266 electoral votes needed to win Turnout 61.0% 4.1 pp Nominee Franklin D. Roosevelt Alf Landon Party Democratic Republican Home state New York Kansas Running mate John Nance Garner Frank Knox Electoral vote 523 8 States carried 46 Popular vote 27,747,636 16,679,543 Percentage 60.8% 36.5% Presidential election results map. Blue denotes those won by Roosevelt / Garner, red denotes states won by Landon / Knox. Numbers indicate the number of electoral votes allotted to each state. President before election Franklin D. Roosevelt Democratic Elected President Franklin D. Roosevelt Democratic
The original USB 1.0 specification, which was introduced in January 1996, defined data transfer rates of 1.5 Mbit/s "Low Speed" and 12 Mbit/s "Full Speed". Microsoft Windows 95, OSR 2.1 provided OEM support for the devices. The first widely used version of USB was 1.1, which was released in September 1998. The 12 Mbit/s data rate was intended for higher-speed devices such as disk drives, and the lower 1.5 Mbit/s rate for low data rate devices such as joysticks. Apple Inc.'s iMac was the first mainstream product with USB and the iMac's success popularized USB itself. Following Apple's design decision to remove all legacy ports from the iMac, many PC manufacturers began building legacy-free PCs, which led to the broader PC market using USB as a standard.
Victoria married her first cousin, Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, in 1840. Their nine children married into royal and noble families across the continent, tying them together and earning her the sobriquet "the grandmother of Europe". After Albert's death in 1861, Victoria plunged into deep mourning and avoided public appearances. As a result of her seclusion, republicanism temporarily gained strength, but in the latter half of her reign her popularity recovered. Her Golden and Diamond Jubilees were times of public celebration.
Consort Yujiulü (郁久閭椒房, personal name unknown) (died 452), formally Empress Gong (恭皇后, literally "the respectful empress"), was a consort of Tuoba Huang (Crown Prince Jingmu), a crown prince of the Chinese/Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei. She was the mother of Emperor Wencheng.
Philips at first marketed CD-i as a family entertainment product, and avoided mentioning video games to not compete against game consoles. Early software releases focused heavily on educational, music, and self-improvement titles, with only a few games, many of them adaptations of board games such as Connect Four. However, the system was handily beaten in the market for multimedia devices by cheap low-end PCs, and the games were the best-selling software. By 1993 Philips encouraged MS-DOS and console developers to create games, introduced a $250 peripheral with more memory and support for full-motion video, and added to new consoles a second controller port for multiplayer games.The attempts to develop a foothold in the games market were unsuccessful, as the system was designed strictly as a multimedia player and thus was under-powered compared to other gaming platforms on the market in most respects. Earlier CD-i games included entries in popular Nintendo franchises, although those games were not developed by Nintendo. Specifically, a Mario game (titled Hotel Mario), and three Legend of Zelda games were released: Zelda: The Wand of Gamelon, Link: The Faces of Evil and Zelda's Adventure. Nintendo and Philips had established an agreement to co-develop a CD-ROM enhancement for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System due to licensing disagreements with Nintendo's previous partner Sony (an agreement that produced a prototype console called the SNES-CD). While Philips and Nintendo never released such a CD-ROM add-on, Philips was still contractually allowed to continue using Nintendo characters.
In 2013, the league expanded with the addition of two new franchises to play in 2014, the Los Angeles Kiss (owned by Gene Simmons and Paul Stanley of the legendary rock band Kiss) and the Portland Thunder.
Wednesday Is Indigo Blue: Discovering the Brain of Synesthesia is a 2009 non-fiction book written by Richard Cytowic and David Eagleman documenting the current scientific understanding of synesthesia, a perceptual condition where an experience of one sense (such as sight) causes an automatic and involuntary experience in another sense (such as hearing). The afterword is written by Dimitri Nabokov, a synesthete, and the son of the well-known author and synesthete Vladimir Nabokov.
The TMG EV P001 is a road-legal electric vehicle developed by Toyota Motorsport GmbH. It is based on a Radical chassis as modified for e-Wolf, with two EVO Electric axial flux motors powered by a lithium-ceramic battery pack. It was developed originally for a customer in 2010.
Gladeview is a census-designated place (CDP) in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. The population was 11,535 at the 2010 census.
Because of its limited land area, Bermuda has had difficulty with over-population. In the first two centuries of settlement, it relied on steady human emigration to keep the population manageable.[citation needed] Before the American Revolution more than ten thousand Bermudians (over half of the total population through the years) gradually emigrated, primarily to the Southern United States. As Great Britain displaced Spain as the dominant European imperial power, it opened up more land for colonial development. A steady trickle of outward migration continued. With seafaring the only real industry in the early decades, by the end of the 18th century, at least a third of the island's manpower was at sea at any one time.
While the Warsaw Pact was established as a balance of power or counterweight to NATO, there was no direct confrontation between them. Instead, the conflict was fought on an ideological basis. Both NATO and the Warsaw Pact led to the expansion of military forces and their integration into the respective blocs. The Warsaw Pact's largest military engagement was Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia (with the participation of all Pact nations except Romania and Albania). The Pact failed to function when the Revolutions of 1989 spread through Eastern Europe, beginning with the Solidarity movement in Poland and its success in June 1989.
"Friends" is a song written by Johnny Slate and Danny Morrison, and recorded by American country music artist Razzy Bailey. It was released in March 1981 as the first single and partial title track from his album "Makin' Friends". "Friends" was released as a double-sided single, with "Anywhere There's a Jukebox" on the b-side. Both sides of the single peaked at Number One on the Hot Country Songs charts dated for June 6, 1981.
Benny Golson's New York Scene is the debut album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in late 1957 and originally released on the Contemporary label.
Alan Roach is an American sports announcer and radio personality. He currently is the public address announcer for the Minnesota Vikings, Colorado Avalanche, and Colorado Rapids. Roach is also the voice of NFL events worldwide, and a public address announcer at 5 Olympic Games. He was the voice of the underground train system in Denver International Airport. His announcing credits include 8 Super Bowls, 5 Olympic gold medal hockey games, and multiple All-Star games for the National Football League, National Hockey League, and Major League Baseball.
Dan Brodie is an ARIA Award nominated musician, singer and songwriter from Melbourne, Australia, best known for his prolific solo career, during which he has released eight studio albums and three eps. Brodie has toured extensively in the US, UK, Scandinavia, France, Germany, Switzerland and Spain, and he has performed at iconic venues such as CBGBs in New York, The Exit/In in Nashville, The Continental in Austin and The Olympia in Paris. He has a reputation as a formidable live performer with acclaimed festival appearances at Splendour in the Grass, Homebake, Big Day Out, Byron Bay Bluesfest, SXSW, Darnius Festival in Spain and the Binic Folk Blues festival in France.
Duncanville is a city in southern Dallas County, Texas, in the United States. Duncanville's population was 38,524 at the 2010 census. The city is part of the Best Southwest area, which includes Duncanville, Cedar Hill, DeSoto, and Lancaster.
Hayek's influence on the development of economics is widely acknowledged. Hayek is the second-most frequently cited economist (after Kenneth Arrow) in the Nobel lectures of the prize winners in economics, which is particularly striking since his own lecture was critical of the field of orthodox economics and neo-classical modelisation. A number of Nobel Laureates in economics, such as Vernon Smith and Herbert A. Simon, recognise Hayek as the greatest modern economist. Another Nobel winner, Paul Samuelson, believed that Hayek was worthy of his award but nevertheless claimed that "there were good historical reasons for fading memories of Hayek within the mainstream last half of the twentieth century economist fraternity. In 1931, Hayek's Prices and Production had enjoyed an ultra-short Byronic success. In retrospect hindsight tells us that its mumbo-jumbo about the period of production grossly misdiagnosed the macroeconomics of the 1927–1931 (and the 1931–2007) historical scene". Despite this comment, Samuelson spent the last 50 years of his life obsessed with the problems of capital theory identified by Hayek and Böhm-Bawerk, and Samuelson flatly judged Hayek to have been right and his own teacher, Joseph Schumpeter, to have been wrong on the central economic question of the 20th century, the feasibility of socialist economic planning in a production goods dominated economy.
Mario Superstar Baseball, known in Japan as is a sports game that was developed by Namco and Now Production and published by Nintendo for the GameCube in 2005. The game was created in the vein of other "Mario" sports games such as "" and "Mario Power Tennis". This game is now a Player's Choice title. A sequel, "Mario Super Sluggers", was released for the Wii in 2008.
The Polytechnic institutes in Pakistan, offer a diploma spanning three years in different branches. Students are admitted to the diploma program based on their results in the 10th grade standardized exams. The main purpose of Polytechnic Institutes is to train people in various trades.
Career records for batting average are usually subject to a minimum qualification of 20 innings played or completed, in order to exclude batsmen who have not played enough games for their skill to be reliably assessed. Under this qualification, the highest Test batting average belongs to Australia's Sir Donald Bradman, with 99.94. Given that a career batting average over 50 is exceptional, and that only four other players have averages over 60, this is an outstanding statistic. The fact that Bradman's average is so far above that of any other cricketer has led several statisticians to argue that, statistically at least, he was the greatest sportsman in any sport. As at 21 October 2016, Adam Voges of Australia has recorded an average of 72.75 from 27 innings played, but only 20 innings completed.
Despite competition from other materials, copper remains the preferred electrical conductor in nearly all categories of electrical wiring with the major exception being overhead electric power transmission where aluminium is often preferred. Copper wire is used in power generation, power transmission, power distribution, telecommunications, electronics circuitry, and countless types of electrical equipment. Electrical wiring is the most important market for the copper industry. This includes building wire, communications cable, power distribution cable, appliance wire, automotive wire and cable, and magnet wire. Roughly half of all copper mined is used to manufacture electrical wire and cable conductors. Many electrical devices rely on copper wiring because of its multitude of inherent beneficial properties, such as its high electrical conductivity, tensile strength, ductility, creep (deformation) resistance, corrosion resistance, low thermal expansion, high thermal conductivity, solderability, and ease of installation.
The 2018 United States Open Championship was the 118th U.S. Open, held June 14 -- 17 at Shinnecock Hills Golf Club in Shinnecock Hills, New York, about eighty miles (130 km) east of New York City on Long Island; it was the fifth time the U.S. Open was held at this course.
The celesta has been common in cinema for decades. In addition to supplementing numerous soundtrack orchestrations for films of the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s, the celesta has occasionally been spotlighted to invoke a whimsical air. For example, in Pinocchio (1940), a small motif on the celesta is used whenever the Blue Fairy appears out of thin air or performs magic. Celesta also provides the signature opening of Pure Imagination, a song (sung by Gene Wilder) from the 1971 film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory. Composer John Williams's scores for the first three Harry Potter films feature the instrument, particularly in the first two films' frequent statements of ``Hedwig's Theme ''.
The Guinness World Record for the largest group beep test is held by RAF Honington, in Honington, Suffolk where over 586 men and women took part.
The City of Toowoomba was a local government area in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia, encompassing the centre and inner suburbs of the regional city of Toowoomba. The City covered an area of , and existed as a local government entity in various forms from 1860 until 2008, when it amalgamated with several other councils in the surrounding area to form the Toowoomba Region.
``The Nymph's Reply to the Shepherd ''(1596), by Walter Raleigh, is a poem that responds to and parodies the poem`` The Passionate Shepherd to His Love'' (1593) by Christopher Marlowe. In her reply to the shepherd's invitation, the nymph presents her rejection of the shepherd's courtship for a life of pastoral idyll.
Beginning with its incorporation in 1802, Detroit has had a total of 74 mayors. Detroit's last mayor from the Republican Party was Louis Miriani, who served from 1957 to 1962. In 1973, the city elected its first black mayor, Coleman Young. Despite development efforts, his combative style during his five terms in office was not well received by many suburban residents. Mayor Dennis Archer, a former Michigan Supreme Court Justice, refocused the city's attention on redevelopment with a plan to permit three casinos downtown. By 2008, three major casino resort hotels established operations in the city.
Mark Lehner is an American archaeologist with more than 30 years of experience excavating in Egypt. He was born in North Dakota in 1950. His approach, as director of Ancient Egypt Research Associates (AERA), is to conduct interdisciplinary archaeological investigation. Every excavated object is examined by specialists to create an overall picture of an archaeological site—from the buildings down to the pollen spores. His international team currently runs the Giza Plateau Mapping Project, excavating and mapping the ancient city of the builders of the Giza pyramid complex, which dates to the fourth dynasty of Egypt. He discovered that Pyramid G1-a, one of the subsidiary pyramids of the Great Pyramid, belonged to Hetepheres I; it was originally thought to belong to Queen Meritites I.
Damik Alonzo Scafe (born April 26, 1988) is a former American football defensive end. He was originally signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He played college football at Boston College.
The Vyshnivets Palace () or the Wiśniowiecki Palace () is located in the urban-type settlement of Vyshnivets (near the city of Zbarazh) in Ternopil Oblast of western Ukraine. Historically, it was the main seat of the Wiśniowiecki princely family which takes its name from this castle.
Cerberus Shoal was a United States rock band formed in 1994 in Boston but largely based in Portland, Maine. They split up in the mid-2000s with some members going on to form Fire on Fire.
Willie and Family Live is a live album by country music artist Willie Nelson. It was released in 1978 as a double-LP. It was recorded live at Harrah's in Lake Tahoe, Nevada in April 1978. Emmylou Harris provides backup vocals on "Will the Circle be Unbroken", "Uncloudy Day" and "Amazing Grace"; Johnny Paycheck provides backup vocals on "Amazing Grace" and "Take this Job and Shove It".
The Rocky Horror Show is a musical with music, lyrics and book by Richard O'Brien. A humorous tribute to the science fiction and horror B movies of the late 1940s through to the early 1970s, the musical tells the story of a newly engaged couple getting caught in a storm and coming to the home of a mad transvestite scientist, Dr Frank - N - Furter, unveiling his new creation, a sort of Frankenstein - style monster in the form of an artificially made, fully grown, physically perfect muscle man named Rocky Horror, complete ``with blond hair and a tan ''.
The left coronary artery (abbreviated LCA) is an artery that arises from the aorta above the left cusp of the aortic valve and feeds blood to the left side of the heart. It is also known as the left main coronary artery (abbreviated LMCA) and the left main stem coronary artery (abbreviated LMS). It is one of the coronary arteries.
This is a complete list of bridges and dams that span the Kiskiminetas River from its confluence at the Conemaugh River and Loyalhanna Creek to its mouth at the Allegheny River.
Jonas Valančiūnas (; born 6 May 1992) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for the Memphis Grizzlies of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was selected by the Toronto Raptors with the fifth overall pick in the 2011 NBA draft.
In 1956, following the declaration of the Imre Nagy government of withdrawal of Hungary from the Warsaw Pact, Soviet troops entered the country and removed the government. Soviet forces crushed the nationwide revolt, leading to the death of an estimated 2,500 Hungarian citizens.
Wireless Personal Communications is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It covers mobile communications and computing and investigates theoretical, engineering, and experimental aspects of radio communications, voice, data, images, and multimedia. This includes propagation, system models, speech and image coding, multiple access techniques, protocols performance evaluation, radio local area networks, and networking and architectures. The editor-in-chief is Ramjee Prasad (Aalborg University).
Of the estimated 8.8 million Jews living in Europe at the beginning of World War II, the majority of whom were Ashkenazi, about 6 million – more than two-thirds – were systematically murdered in the Holocaust. These included 3 million of 3.3 million Polish Jews (91%); 900,000 of 1.5 million in Ukraine (60%); and 50–90% of the Jews of other Slavic nations, Germany, Hungary, and the Baltic states, and over 25% of the Jews in France. Sephardi communities suffered similar depletions in a few countries, including Greece, the Netherlands and the former Yugoslavia. As the large majority of the victims were Ashkenazi Jews, their percentage dropped from nearly 92% of world Jewry in 1931 to nearly 80% of world Jewry today. The Holocaust also effectively put an end to the dynamic development of the Yiddish language in the previous decades, as the vast majority of the Jewish victims of the Holocaust, around 5 million, were Yiddish speakers. Many of the surviving Ashkenazi Jews emigrated to countries such as Israel, Canada, Argentina, Australia, and the United States after the war.
Veli Pekka Olavi Aikio (born 21 September 1944) served as the president of the Sami Parliament of Finland for three terms from 1996 to 2008. Aikio's most important cause as a politician was land rights. Pekka Aikio is also a member of the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) working group and works in close co-operation with the Greenpeace organizations of various countries,
Bison antiquus, the ancient or antique bison, is an extinct species of bison that lived in North America until around 10,000 years ago (ya). It was one of the most common large herbivores on the North American continent during the late Pleistocene, and is a direct ancestor of the living American bison.
Nam Khan is a river in Laos. It flows through Luang Prabang. It is a major tributary of the river Mekong, with which it joins at Luang Prabang.
Wittenberg is a district () in the east of Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Neighboring districts are (from west clockwise) Anhalt-Bitterfeld, the district-free city of Dessau-Roßlau, the districts of Potsdam-Mittelmark, Teltow-Fläming and Elbe-Elster in Brandenburg, and the district of Nordsachsen in the Free State of Saxony.
Ross Douglas is a Canadian voice actor with Ocean Studios in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He is most well-known for voicing Clockwerk and Jean Bison in the "Sly Cooper" series, Daniel O'Connell in "Master Keaton", and Kageyama in the "Black Lagoon" series.
Timothy Wallace Credeur II (born July 9, 1977) is a retired American mixed martial artist. He was a cast member of SpikeTV's "The Ultimate Fighter 7" and was defeated by fellow cast member Jesse Taylor in the semi-finals. He was then brought back into the competition following the disqualification of Taylor. He fought C.B. Dollaway for a spot in the finals and lost to Dollaway via decision.
World War II (often abbreviated to WWII or WW2), also known as the Second World War, was a global war that lasted from 1939 to 1945, although conflicts reflecting the ideological clash between what would become the Allied and Axis blocs began earlier. The vast majority of the world's countries -- including all of the great powers -- eventually formed two opposing military alliances: the Allies and the Axis. It was the most global war in history; it directly involved more than 100 million people from over 30 countries. In a state of total war, the major participants threw their entire economic, industrial, and scientific capabilities behind the war effort, blurring the distinction between civilian and military resources. World War II was the deadliest conflict in human history, marked by 50 to 85 million fatalities, most of which were civilians in the Soviet Union and China. It included massacres, the genocide of the Holocaust, strategic bombing, premeditated death from starvation and disease and the only use of nuclear weapons in war.
Cornish Blue is a type of blue cheese from Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is made by the Cornish Cheese Company at Upton Cross.
Marcia Gay Harden won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for portraying Lee Krasner, Pollock's wife. Ed Harris received an Academy Award nomination for Best Actor for his portrayal of Pollock. The film was a long-term personal project for Harris based on his previous reading of Pollock's biography.Ed Harris’s father had noticed that he resembled Pollock.
"I'm Alright" is a song written and performed by American pop singer Kenny Loggins. It was used as the theme music for the 1980 comedy film "Caddyshack". The track was released as a single in 1980 and then reached the top 10 of the U.S. singles chart. Eddie Money makes a guest appearance in the song's background chorus. The song is also one of the most frequent choices in Loggins' concert, and included in all three of his official concert material releases - "Kenny Loggins Alive", "Live from Grand Canyon", and "".
Artifacts and structures suggest sport in China as early as 2000 BC. Gymnastics appears to have been popular in China's ancient past. Monuments to the Pharaohs indicate that a number of sports, including swimming and fishing, were well-developed and regulated several thousands of years ago in ancient Egypt. Other Egyptian sports included javelin throwing, high jump, and wrestling. Ancient Persian sports such as the traditional Iranian martial art of Zourkhaneh had a close connection to warfare skills. Among other sports that originated in ancient Persia are polo and jousting.
Tadpole's Promise is a children's picture book written by Jeanne Willis and illustrated by Tony Ross, published in 2003. It won the Nestlé Smarties Book Prize Silver Award and was longlisted for the Kate Greenaway Medal.
Major League Baseball had most of its teams open the 2011 season on a Thursday (March 31) or Friday (April 1) rather than the traditional Monday, in order to prevent the World Series from extending into November. Similarly, most teams opened the 2012 season on Thursday (April 5) or Friday (April 6). However, subsequent seasons through 2017 returned to Monday openers for most teams. For the 2018 season, all 30 teams were scheduled to open the season on Thursday, March 29 (the earliest domestic start for a regular season in MLB history, and the first time since 1968 that all major league teams were scheduled to start the season on the same day, although two games were subsequently rained out and postponed to Friday, March 30).
Boeing South Carolina (previously Boeing Charleston) is an assembly site for Boeing's Commercial Airplanes division, located in North Charleston, South Carolina. The site is the major manufacturing, assembly and delivery site for Boeing commercial aircraft in the eastern United States and is one of the largest employment centers in the state. The site currently serves as one of two final assembly and delivery points for the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. The site has seen rapid investment and growth since Boeing made a number of purchases in 2008 and 2009 from its former suppliers Vought and Global Aeronautica who had factories there. The Boeing South Carolina Delivery Center, a 57,920 - square - foot (5,381 m) facility, opened on Nov. 12, 2011, and delivers South Carolina - built 787s to customers from around the world. As of September 28, 2017 the site employs 6,943 workers and contractors
In 2014, the company closed its Jamestown (Kentucky) plant, which had once been the second manufacturing plant in the state, and laid off all 600 employees. The company said it was moving the plant's operations to Honduras to reduce production costs.
The Mantell Screes () are a rock spur rising to about and bounded by screes (taluses), located northwest of Arkell Cirque on the north side of the Read Mountains, Shackleton Range, Antarctica. The feature was photographed from the air by the U.S. Navy, 1967, and surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey, 1968–71. In association with the names of geologists grouped in this area, it was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971 after English surgeon and geologist Gideon A. Mantell, known for his discovery of the iguanodon and three other fossil reptiles.
The Kiryat Menachem bus bombing was a suicide bombing which occurred on November 21, 2002 in a public bus in the neighborhood of Kiryat Menachem in Jerusalem, Israel. 11 people were killed in the attack and over 50 were injured.
The Lake of the Ozarks is a large reservoir created by impounding the Osage River in the northern part of the Ozarks in central Missouri. Extents of three smaller tributaries to the Osage are included in the impoundment: the Niangua River, Grandglaize Creek, and Gravois Creek. The lake has a surface area of 54,000 acres (220 km) and 1,150 miles (1,850 km) of shoreline, and the main channel of the Osage Arm stretches 92 miles (148 km) from end to end. The total drainage area is over 14,000 square miles (36,000 km). The lake's serpentine shape has earned it the nickname ``The Magic Dragon '', which has in turn inspired the names of local institutions such as The Magic Dragon Street Meet.
Hickory Grove is a town in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 443 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Hickory Grove and Homer are located in the town.
These Days (The Virginia Sessions) is an album released by the Richmond, Virginia, based Pat McGee Band. It was produced by former keyboardist Todd Wright and was officially released at their July 6, 2007, concert at the Wolf Trap National Park for the Performing Arts, though it had been available on compact disc and via digital download beginning July 1.
RX J1856.5−3754 (also called RX J185635−3754, RX J185635−375, and various other designations) is a nearby neutron star in the constellation Corona Australis.
The Bumping River is a tributary of the Naches River, in Washington in the United States. It flows down the east side of the Cascade Range, through Wenatchee National Forest and the William O. Douglas Wilderness. From its source at Fish Lake near Crag Mountain, it flows northeast to Bumping Lake, a natural lake enlarged and regulated by Bumping Lake Dam. Below the dam, the Bumping River continues flowing northeast. It is joined by the American River, its main tributary, a few miles above its mouth where it joins the Little Naches River to form the Naches River.
John Carroll Lynch (born August 1, 1963) is an American actor and director. He first gained notice for his role as Norm Gunderson in Fargo. He is also known for his television work on the ABC sitcom The Drew Carey Show as the title character's cross-dressing brother, Steve Carey, as well as on American Horror Story: Freak Show and American Horror Story: Cult as Twisty the Clown. His films include Face / Off, Gran Torino, Shutter Island, Ted 2, The Invitation, and Zodiac. Most recently, he portrayed McDonald's co-founder Maurice McDonald in The Founder. He made his directorial debut with the 2017 film Lucky.
Heather O'Rourke (December 27, 1975 -- February 1, 1988) was an American child actress. She was discovered by director Steven Spielberg when she was visiting MGM's studios. Spielberg cast her as Carol Anne Freeling in the horror film Poltergeist (1982), where she had the movie's most recognizable line: ``They're here! ''She reprised the role in the second and third installments.
The fifth season of the television comedy series Arrested Development premiered on Netflix on May 29, 2018. The season will consist of 16 episodes, split into two eight - episode parts; with the second half premiering later in 2018. This is the second revival season after the series was canceled by Fox in 2006; the fourth season premiered in 2013.
Undead and Unappreciated is the third novel in the Undead series by MaryJanice Davidson. The breezily written paranormal romance novel is told from the point of view of Betsy Taylor, reluctant Vampire Queen and not-so-reluctant shoe-hound, and introduces a major character to the series: Laura, Betsy's half-sister and the daughter of the Devil herself.
Gossamer Wump is a children's record, published in 1949 by Capitol Records, about a boy who learns to play the triangle. The story is narrated by Frank Morgan, Hollywood actor best known for his role as the Wizard in the classic film "The Wizard of Oz", with music by Billy May, and written by Hollywood screenwriters Roger Price and Helen Mack.
Previous post-Furman mass clemencies took place in 1986 in New Mexico, when Governor Toney Anaya commuted all death sentences because of his personal opposition to the death penalty. In 1991, outgoing Ohio Governor Dick Celeste commuted the sentences of eight prisoners, among them all four women on the state's death row. And during his two terms (1979–1987) as Florida's Governor, Bob Graham, although a strong death penalty supporter who had overseen the first post-Furman involuntary execution as well as 15 others, agreed to commute the sentences of six people on the grounds of "possible innocence" or "disproportionality."
La Rosière de Pessac (The Virgin of Pessac) is the title of two hour-long films directed by Jean Eustache (in 1968 and 1979 respectively). The films cover an annual ceremony, held in Eustache's place of birth, in which the mayor and his associates nominate a girl as the town's most virtuous. Thus, the girls chosen in those two years are eponymous subjects of these documentaries.
Stretching west from the Blue Ridge for approximately 55 miles (89 km) is the Ridge and Valley region, in which numerous tributaries join to form the Tennessee River in the Tennessee Valley. This area of Tennessee is covered by fertile valleys separated by wooded ridges, such as Bays Mountain and Clinch Mountain. The western section of the Tennessee Valley, where the depressions become broader and the ridges become lower, is called the Great Valley. In this valley are numerous towns and two of the region's three urban areas, Knoxville, the 3rd largest city in the state, and Chattanooga, the 4th largest city in the state. The third urban area, the Tri-Cities, comprising Bristol, Johnson City, and Kingsport and their environs, is located to the northeast of Knoxville.
During summer months -- from the last Sunday in September until the first Sunday in April -- daylight saving time is observed and clocks are advanced one hour. New Zealand Daylight Time (NZDT) is 13 hours ahead of UTC, and Chatham Daylight Time (CHADT) 13 hours 45 minutes ahead.
On 2 July 2012, GlaxoSmithKline pleaded guilty to criminal charges and agreed to a $3 billion settlement of the largest health-care fraud case in the U.S. and the largest payment by a drug company. The settlement is related to the company's illegal promotion of prescription drugs, its failure to report safety data, bribing doctors, and promoting medicines for uses for which they were not licensed. The drugs involved were Paxil, Wellbutrin, Advair, Lamictal, and Zofran for off-label, non-covered uses. Those and the drugs Imitrex, Lotronex, Flovent, and Valtrex were involved in the kickback scheme.
The Hölderlinturm (English: Hölderlin Tower) is a building located in Tübingen, Germany that served as the place of residence and death in the final years of poet Friedrich Hölderlin. He lived there from May 3, 1807 until his death in 1843. The building is located on the Neckar riverfront and is one of the most popularly known sites in Tübingen.
Complexe Maisonneuve is an office building complex in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Complexe Maisonneuve is located on De la Gauchetière Street West between University Street and Beaver Hall Hill. It is situated facing Victoria Square in the Quartier international district of Downtown Montreal, and is linked to Montreal's Underground City and Square-Victoria-OACI Station on the Montreal Metro. The complex consists of two buildings, the Tour de la Banque Nationale and 700 de La Gauchetière. It was constructed in 1983, and the two towers share an underground base six floors deep.
It was first printed by Robert Barker, the King's Printer, and was the third translation into English approved by the English Church authorities: The first had been the Great Bible, commissioned in the reign of King Henry VIII (1535), and the second had been the Bishops' Bible, commissioned in the reign of Queen Elizabeth I (1568). In January 1604, King James I convened the Hampton Court Conference, where a new English version was conceived in response to the problems of the earlier translations perceived by the Puritans, a faction of the Church of England. The translation is noted for its ``majesty of style '', and has been described as one of the most important books in English culture and a driving force in the shaping of the English - speaking world.
The neutron detection temperature, also called the neutron energy, indicates a free neutron's kinetic energy, usually given in electron volts. The term temperature is used, since hot, thermal and cold neutrons are moderated in a medium with a certain temperature. The neutron energy distribution is then adapted to the Maxwellian distribution known for thermal motion. Qualitatively, the higher the temperature, the higher the kinetic energy of the free neutrons. The momentum and wavelength of the neutron are related through the de Broglie relation. The large wavelength of slow neutrons allows for the large cross section.
The Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA) was signed into law by President Barack Obama on January 4, 2011. The FSMA has given the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) new authorities to regulate the way foods are grown, harvested and processed. The law grants the FDA a number of new powers, including mandatory recall authority, which the agency has sought for many years. The FSMA requires the FDA to undertake more than a dozen rulemakings and issue at least 10 guidance documents, as well as a host of reports, plans, strategies, standards, notices, and other tasks.
Shanghai 13, also known as The Shanghai Thirteen, is a 1984 Hong Kong-Taiwanese martial arts film written and directed by Chang Cheh and starring an ensemble cast of notable film stars such as Andy Lau, Jimmy Wang Yu, Ti Lung, Chen Kuan-tai, Danny Lee, Bryan Leung, David Chiang, Chiang Sheng, Chi Kuan-chun, Chan Sing, Lu Feng and more.
There are 15 counties in the U.S. state of Arizona. Four counties (Mohave, Pima, Yavapai and Yuma) were created in 1864 following the organization of the Arizona Territory in 1862. The now defunct Pah - Ute County was split from Mohave County in 1865, but merged back in 1871. All but La Paz County were created by the time Arizona was granted statehood in 1912.
Guitar Center is an American music retailer chain. It is the largest company of its kind in the United States, with 269 locations. Its headquarters is in Westlake Village, California.
Another member of the DES team, Walter Tuchman, stated "We developed the DES algorithm entirely within IBM using IBMers. The NSA did not dictate a single wire!"
On 31 July 2015, the group released ``Drag Me Down ''without promotional material or announcement. The single is the first single from their fifth studio album, Made in the A.M., and the first material released by the group after Malik's departure. Following the release, it was revealed that the group would going on hiatus in 2016 to take a break. On 22 September, the title for the fifth studio album, Made in the A.M., was officially announced along with promotional single`` Infinity'' being released. The group began to reveal the track listing on their Snapchat stories to which it was later confirmed on iTunes. The album was released on 13 November 2015. At the 2015 American Music Awards on 22 November, One Direction won the award for Artist of the Year for the second year in succession. Louis Tomlinson later confirmed that the break would be around 18 months. On 13 December, One Direction performed on The X Factor final. Their last televised performance as a group, before their hiatus, was on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin 'Eve on 31 December 2015.
"Pyrrhic victory" is named after King Pyrrhus of Epirus, whose army suffered irreplaceable casualties in defeating the Romans at the Battle of Heraclea in 280 BC and the Battle of Asculum in 279 BC, during the Pyrrhic War. After the latter battle, Plutarch relates in a report by Dionysius:
USS "Kane" (DD-235/APD-18) was a "Clemson"-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was the first ship named for Elisha Kent Kane.
De Herdgang is a football training facility in Eindhoven, Netherlands. It serves as the training ground and youth academy of PSV Eindhoven and also accommodates its amateur teams. As of the 2014/2015 season Jong PSV play their home games at this facility.
Philippe Laguérie (born 30 September 1952 in Sceaux, Hauts-de-Seine) is a French Traditionalist Catholic priest. He is the Superior General of the Institute of the Good Shepherd (), which upholds the Tridentine Mass.
Otto Ludwig (February 11, 1813 – February 25, 1865) was a German dramatist, novelist and critic born in Eisfeld in Thuringia. He was one of Germany's first modern realists and one of the most notable dramatists of the period.
CJRL-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 89.5 FM in Kenora, Ontario. The station broadcasts an adult contemporary format branded as 89.5 The Lake.
BULLET::::- Hunter’s Tropical Medicine: "Hunter’s Tropical Medicine grew out of a World War II Army Medical School tropical and military medicine course taught at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C. The first edition, entitled a Manual of Tropical Medicine, was published in 1945 by three of the course instructors, Colonel Thomas T. Mackie, Major George W. Hunter III, and Captain C. Brooke Worth. A second edition was published by the same authors in 1954. Colonel Hunter was joined by co-authors from the Louisiana State University School of Medicine for the third, fourth, and fifth editions, published in 1960, 1966, and 1976, respectively. George Hunter’s contribution was acknowledged by adding his name to the book title in the sixth edition, edited in 1984."
The Information Office of the State Council of the PRC preserves an edict of the Zhengtong Emperor (r. 1435–1449) addressed to the Karmapa in 1445, written after the latter's agent had brought holy relics to the Ming court. Zhengtong had the following message delivered to the Great Treasure Prince of Dharma, the Karmapa:
Alcuéscar is a municipality located in the province of Cáceres, Extremadura, Spain. The town is on the Silver Route (the Via de la Plata) branch of the Camino de Santiago, the pilgrimage trail to the burial place of St. James the Apostle.
The article was used for the first time in Uttar Pradesh 1954. It was also used in the state of Patiala and East Punjab States Union (PEPSU) and during the Vimochana Samaram to dismiss the democratically elected Communist state government of Kerala on 31 July 1959. In the 1970s and 1980s, it was common for the central government to dismiss state governments led by opposition parties. The Indira Gandhi regime and post-emergency Janata Party were noted for this practice. Indira Gandhi's government between 1966 and 1977 is known to have imposed President's rule 39 times in different states. Similarly, the Janata Party which came to power after the emergency issued President's rule in 9 states which were ruled by Congress.
Shahjahanpur district is one of the historical districts of Uttar Pradesh in the republic of India. It is a part of Bareilly division which is situated in south-east of Rohilkhand division. It was established in 1813 by the British Government. Previously it was a part of district Bareilly. Geographically the main town is Shahjahanpur city which is its headquarters. Its Tehsils are: Powayan, Tilhar, Jalalabad,Kalan, and Sadar.
The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania (HUP) is the flagship hospital of the University of Pennsylvania Health System and is located in the University City section of West Philadelphia. It is consistently ranked as one of the top hospitals in the United States.
Sou Hrostao Akoma Ena Klama (Greek: "Σου Χρωστάω Ακόμα Ένα Κλάμα"; English: "I owe you one more cry") is the title of the twelfth studio album by the popular Greek artist Peggy Zina, released on 4 October 2012 by Minos EMI in Greece and Cyprus.
A performance by Jeanette Olsson is used as the opening sequence music for the Amazon Original Series The Man in the High Castle.
The Confederation Bridge (French: Pont de la Confédération) spans the Abegweit Passage of Northumberland Strait. It links Prince Edward Island with mainland New Brunswick, Canada. Before its official naming, Prince Edward Islanders often referred to the bridge as the ``Fixed Link ''. Construction took place from October 1993 to May 1997 and cost C $1.3 billion. The 12.9 - kilometre (8 mi) bridge opened on May 31, 1997.
The Confederate States Army (C.S.A.) was the military land force of the Confederate States of America (Confederacy) during the American Civil War (1861 - 1865). On February 28, 1861, the Provisional Confederate Congress established a provisional volunteer army and gave control over military operations and authority for mustering state forces and volunteers to the newly chosen Confederate president, Jefferson Davis (1808 - 1889). Davis was a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy on the Hudson River at West Point, New York, and colonel of a volunteer regiment during the Mexican -- American War (1846 - 1848). He had also been a United States Senator from Mississippi and U.S. Secretary of War in the administration of 14th President Franklin Pierce (1853 - 1857). On March 1, 1861, Davis assumed control of the military situation at Charleston, South Carolina on behalf of the Confederate States government, where South Carolina state militia threatened to seize Fort Sumter, an island fortification in Charleston harbor from the small U.S. Army garrison. By March 1861, the Provisional Confederate Congress expanded the provisional forces and established a more permanent Confederate States Army.
The Chapman Stick is an electric musical instrument devised by Emmett Chapman in the early 1970s. A member of the guitar family, the Chapman Stick usually has ten or twelve individually tuned strings and has been used on music recordings to play bass lines, melody lines, chords, or textures. Designed as a fully polyphonic chordal instrument, it can also cover several of these musical parts simultaneously.
Modriki Island was featured as the anonymous island in the 2000 Robert Zemeckis film, Cast Away, starring Tom Hanks (see below); some tourists and travel agents refer to Modriki as' Cast Away Island ', which is not to be confused with Castaway Island, or Qalito, an actual Fijian island within the Mamanuca Islands.
KNWC-FM, also known as Life 96.5, is a Christian radio station located in Sioux Falls, South Dakota owned and operated by University of Northwestern – St. Paul, a Christian college in St. Paul, Minnesota. KNWC-FM concentrates on contemporary Christian music, although Christian talk programs are carried as well.
A highly touted prospect, Benson was drafted first overall by the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1996. He followed a strong rookie season in 1999 with an even stronger season in 2000, but those would prove to be the two best seasons of his career, as he underwent Tommy John surgery after the 2000 season. He posted three more good seasons from 2004 to 2006 with the Pirates, the New York Mets, and the Baltimore Orioles, but then underwent rotator cuff surgery, after which he was never again an effective Major League pitcher.
Warren Hastings (6 December 1732 – 22 August 1818), an English statesman, was the first Governor of the Presidency of Fort William (Bengal), the head of the Supreme Council of Bengal, and thereby the first "de facto" Governor-General of India from 1774 to 1785. In 1787, he was accused of corruption and impeached, but after a long trial, he was acquitted in 1795. He was made a Privy Counsellor in 1814.
Day By Day is an album by gospel singer Yolanda Adams. The single "Victory" was featured in the movie "The Gospel". The single "Be Blessed" won a Grammy award for Best Gospel Performance. "Someone Watching Over You" was also released as a single, and a music video was released for "This Too Shall Pass" (a song originally recorded as a duet with Crystal Lewis on the 1996 compilation album "Sisters: The Story Goes On").
The 2008 World Allround Speed Skating Championships were held in the indoor arena in Berlin, Germany, on 9 and 10 February 2008. The Dutch skaters Paulien van Deutekom and Sven Kramer became world champions.
By the end of the 5th century the western section of the empire was divided into smaller political units, ruled by the tribes that had invaded in the early part of the century. The deposition of the last emperor of the west, Romulus Augustus, in 476 has traditionally marked the end of the Western Roman Empire.[E] The Eastern Roman Empire, often referred to as the Byzantine Empire after the fall of its western counterpart, had little ability to assert control over the lost western territories. The Byzantine emperors maintained a claim over the territory, but none of the new kings in the west dared to elevate himself to the position of emperor of the west, Byzantine control of most of the Western Empire could not be sustained; the reconquest of the Italian peninsula and Mediterranean periphery by Justinian (r. 527–565) was the sole, and temporary, exception.
Country Nominal GDP (2014 CIA estimate in millions USD) GDP per capita (2014 CIA estimate in USD) GDP (PPP) (IMF estimate in millions USD) GDP (PPP) per capita (IMF estimate in USD) Australia 1,444,000 46,400 1,188,764 47,644.363 Federated States of Micronesia 3,000 314 3,032.615 Fiji 4,212 8,200 8,374 9,353.390 Kiribati 1,700 211 1,820.750 Marshall Islands 3,300 180 3,239.708 Nauru 5,000 (2005 est.) - New Zealand 198,100 35,200 174,845 37,108.005 Palau 16,300 276 15,260.417 Papua New Guinea 16,060 2,400 28,022 3,542.097 Samoa 826 5,200 1,046 5,368.510 Solomon Islands 1,155 1,900 1,198 1,995.697 Tonga 454 4,900 557 5,332.190 Tuvalu 3,300 39 3,566.816 Vanuatu 812 3,300 723 2,631.360
Greece has universal compulsory military service for males, while females are exempted from conscription but may otherwise serve in the military. As of 2009[update], mandatory military service is nine months for male citizens between the ages of 19 and 45. Additionally, Greek males between the age of 18 and 60 who live in strategically sensitive areas may be required to serve part-time in the National Guard. However, as the military has sought to become a completely professional force, the government has promised to reduce mandatory military service or abolish it completely.
``Hungry Eyes ''is a song performed by American artist Eric Carmen, a former member of the band Raspberries, and was featured in the film Dirty Dancing. The song was recorded at Beachwood Studios in Beachwood, Ohio in 1987.`` Hungry Eyes'' peaked at # 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and # 3 on the Cash Box Top 100 in 1988. The power ballad was not released commercially in the UK, but it managed to peak at # 82 in January 1988, having charted purely on import sales.
For 36 years, NATO and the Warsaw Pact never directly waged war against each other in Europe; the United States and the Soviet Union and their respective allies implemented strategic policies aimed at the containment of each other in Europe, while working and fighting for influence within the wider Cold War on the international stage.
Governments of Republic of Turkey since that time have consistently rejected charges of genocide, typically arguing either that those Armenians who died were simply in the way of a war or that killings of Armenians were justified by their individual or collective support for the enemies of the Ottoman Empire. Passage of legislation in various foreign countries condemning the persecution of the Armenians as genocide has often provoked diplomatic conflict. (See Recognition of the Armenian Genocide)
Helvetia is a populated place in Pima County, Arizona, that was settled in 1891 and abandoned in the early 1920s. Helvetia is an ancient name for Switzerland.
As of the census of 2010, there were 672 people, 304 households, and 164 families residing in the city. The population density was 700.0 inhabitants per square mile (270.3/km2). There were 336 housing units at an average density of 350.0 per square mile (135.1/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 99.7% White, 0.1% from other races, and 0.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.6% of the population.
On 27 June 1950, two days after the KPA invaded and three months before the Chinese entered the war, President Truman dispatched the United States Seventh Fleet to the Taiwan Strait, to prevent hostilities between the Nationalist Republic of China (Taiwan) and the People's Republic of China (PRC). On 4 August 1950, with the PRC invasion of Taiwan aborted, Mao Zedong reported to the Politburo that he would intervene in Korea when the People's Liberation Army's (PLA) Taiwan invasion force was reorganized into the PLA North East Frontier Force. China justified its entry into the war as a response to "American aggression in the guise of the UN".
USS "Brownson" (DD-868), a "Gearing"-class destroyer, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for Rear Admiral Willard H. Brownson, USN (1845–1935).
Contrarily, having so firmly entrenched themselves into Greek affairs, the Romans now completely ignored the rapidly disintegrating Seleucid empire (perhaps because it posed no threat); and left the Ptolemaic kingdom to decline quietly, while acting as a protector of sorts, in as much as to stop other powers taking Egypt over (including the famous line-in-the-sand incident when the Seleucid Antiochus IV Epiphanes tried to invade Egypt). Eventually, instability in the near east resulting from the power vacuum left by the collapse of the Seleucid empire caused the Roman proconsul Pompey the Great to abolish the Seleucid rump state, absorbing much of Syria into the Roman republic. Famously, the end of Ptolemaic Egypt came as the final act in the republican civil war between the Roman triumvirs Mark Anthony and Augustus Caesar. After the defeat of Anthony and his lover, the last Ptolemaic monarch, Cleopatra VII at the Battle of Actium, Augustus invaded Egypt and took it as his own personal fiefdom. He thereby completed both the destruction of the Hellenistic kingdoms and the Roman republic, and ended (in hindsight) the Hellenistic era.
Johnson Fry (November 21, 1901 – April 7, 1959), nicknamed "Jay", was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played with the Cleveland Indians for one season. He pitched in one game during the 1923 Cleveland Indians season on August 24, 1923. A single in his only at-bat left him with a rare MLB career batting average of 1.000.
"I Guess I'll Have to Cry, Cry, Cry" is a song written and performed by James Brown. Released as a single in 1968, it charted #15 R&B and #55 Pop. The Wailers recorded a reggae version of the song under the title "My Cup" on their 1970 album "Soul Rebels".
The country's first passenger train, which ran between Bombay's Bori Bunder station and Thane on 16 April 1853, was dedicated by Lord Dalhousie. The 14 - carriage train was hauled by three steam locomotives: the Sahib, Sindh, and Sultan. Travelling 34 kilometres (21 mi), the train carried 400 people. The passenger line was built and operated by the Great Indian Peninsula Railway (GIPR). It was built in 1,676 mm (5 ft 6 in) broad gauge, which became the country's standard for railways.
Several accomplished professional tennis players including Ivan Lendl, Jan Kodeš, Miloslav Mečíř, Hana Mandlíková, Martina Hingis, Martina Navratilova, Jana Novotna, Petra Kvitová and Daniela Hantuchová were born in Czechoslovakia.
The original version by Stan Jones was recorded in late 1948. Fellow songwriter Eden Ahbez sent the song to Burl Ives, who recorded his own version a year later.
The Dolores mine is a large silver mine located in the north of Mexico in Chihuahua. Dolores represents one of the largest silver reserve in Mexico and in the world having estimated reserves of 75.9 million oz of silver.
Ian Quayle Jones was educated at Strathallan School in Perthshire, Scotland and the University of Edinburgh, graduating with a degree in law.
Dell Inspiron Dell Inspiron Logo Developer Dell Technologies Type Laptop / Notebook Desktop Computer Release date Mid 1990s CPU AMD APU, Intel Atom, Intel Celeron, Intel Pentium, Intel Core i3, Intel Core i5, Intel Core i7 Graphics Intel HD Graphics, ATI / AMD Radeon, NVIDIA GeForce Related articles Dell Vostro, Dell Latitude, Dell XPS Website Dell Inspiron
Hellos & Goodbyes by Buck-O-Nine was released in 2000 on Offramp Records, and consists of fifteen tracks recorded at a live performance in Japan in 1999, plus five previously unreleased studio tracks. This album features drummer Jeff Hawthorne, who became the band's permanent drummer in 1998, and bassist John Bell, who joined the band just a few weeks prior to their tour of Japan. In fact, Bell's first live performances with the band were on this tour. The studio tracks were recorded later in 1999, at the same studio where "Libido" was recorded. Offramp Records was a label started by singer Jon Pebsworth and his wife Laura. The label also released an album by The Scrimmage Heroes, band Buck-O-Nine toured with on its last U.S. tour. The tour ended prematurely when John Bell became ill and required emergency surgery.
Christ Church is a Protestant church in Kotri District of Hyderabad in the province of Sindh in Pakistan. It attends to a Congregational strength of approximately 100 people and is located in the town of Kotri. The church is administered by the Diocese of Hyderabad, Church of Pakistan. This Church is one of the oldest churches in Sindh. Build Date 22 Dec 1847
Yasyn Khamid (; born 10 January 1993 in Kharkiv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker of Egyptian descent who last played for Zira FK in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
Beryozovsky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the nine in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug of Tyumen Oblast, Russia. It is located in the northwest of the autonomous okrug on the left bank of meridional part of the Ob River within the limits of North Sosva altitudes and the east slope of the North and Pre-Polar Ural and borders with the Komi Republic in the west and with Shuryshkarsky District of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug in the north. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (an urban-type settlement) of Beryozovo. Population: 25,744 (2010 Census); The population of Beryozovo accounts for 28.3% of the district's total population.
Carlos Barral was born in Barcelona, Spain. In 1957, he joined Víctor Seix in the management of the publishing house Seix Barral, which had been founded by his parents in 1911, and which became the most prestigious publishing house in the 1960s and thereafter.
The Sixth Crusade started in 1228 as an attempt to regain Jerusalem. It began seven years after the failure of the Fifth Crusade and involved very little actual fighting. The diplomatic maneuvering of the Holy Roman Emperor and King of Sicily, Frederick II, resulted in the Kingdom of Jerusalem regaining some control over Jerusalem for much of the ensuing fifteen years (1229–39, 1241–44) as well as over other areas of the Holy Land.
The Virgin birth of Jesus was an almost universally held belief among Christians from the 2nd until the 19th century. It is included in the two most widely used Christian creeds, which state that Jesus "was incarnate of the Holy Spirit and the Virgin Mary" (the Nicene Creed in what is now its familiar form) and the Apostles' Creed. The Gospel of Matthew describes Mary as a virgin who fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah 7:14, mistranslating the Hebrew word alma ("young woman") in Isaiah 7:14 as "virgin", though.[citation needed] The authors of the Gospels of Matthew and Luke consider Jesus' conception not the result of intercourse and assert that Mary had "no relations with man" before Jesus' birth.[Mt 1:18] [Mt 1:25] [Lk 1:34] This alludes to the belief that Mary conceived Jesus through the action of God the Holy Spirit, and not through intercourse with Joseph or anyone else.
Jonathan Lippman (born May 19, 1945) is an American jurist who served as Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 2009 through 2015. He is currently Of Counsel in the Litigation & Trial Department of Latham & Watkins’ New York office.
The pronounced divergence between literary and colloquial pronunciations found in Hokkien dialects is attributed to the presence of several strata in the Min lexicon. The earliest, colloquial stratum is traced to the Han dynasty (206 BCE - 220 CE); the second colloquial one comes from the period of the Southern and Northern Dynasties (420 - 589 CE); the third stratum of pronunciations (typically literary ones) comes from the Tang Dynasty (618–907 CE) and is based on the prestige dialect of Chang'an (modern day Xi'an), its capital.
As of January 2008, Spain is the nation with the most elevators installed in the world, with 950,000 elevators installed that run more than one hundred million lifts every day, followed by United States with 700,000 elevators installed and China with 610,000 elevators installed since 1949. In Brazil, it is estimated that there are approximately 300,000 elevators currently in operation. The world's largest market for elevators is Italy, with more than 1,629 million euros of sales and 1,224 million euros of internal market.
Československé hudební nástroje, oborový podník (Czechoslovak Musical Instruments, specialized business) was — during the era of communist Czechoslovakia from 1948 to 1992 — a state owned music instrument manufacturing company headquartered in Hradec Králové. The company name was later amended — "Československé hudební nástroje, státní podník" — to reflect ownership by the government. In the 1970s, 50% of its musical instrument export products were supplied to the Soviet Union.
Born to a noble family, and educated, in Poland, he became Professor of Anatomy and Histology at the University College of Agriculture in Warsaw. He and his family fled to England following the German invasion of Poland in 1939, at the beginning of the Second World War, and he went to New Zealand in 1941 as Consul-General for the London-based Polish government-in-exile.
Devon Bostick (born November 13, 1991) is a Canadian actor best known for playing the lead role of Simon in the Atom Egoyan directed film Adoration, Brent in Saw VI, Rodrick Heffley in the first three Diary of a Wimpy Kid movies and Jasper Jordan on The CW show The 100 from 2014 to 2017.
Robinson had an exceptional 10 - year MLB career. He was the recipient of the inaugural MLB Rookie of the Year Award in 1947, was an All - Star for six consecutive seasons from 1949 through 1954, and won the National League Most Valuable Player Award in 1949 -- the first black player so honored. Robinson played in six World Series and contributed to the Dodgers' 1955 World Series championship.
Moses Taylor Pyne (December 21, 1855 – April 22, 1921), was a financier and philanthropist, and one of Princeton University's greatest benefactors and its most influential trustee.
The accompanying music video for "Suga Mama" was released to British music channels in April 2007. It was shot in black-and-white and was co-directed by Melina Matsoukas alongside Knowles for the B'Day Anthology Video Album, which was released the same month; "Suga Mama" was one of eight videos shot in two weeks for the video album. It begins with Knowles sitting in a chair, wearing men's clothing and smoking a cigar. She gets up and begins to pole dance. The remainder of the video presents Knowles dancing on top of a sugar cube, dancing with backing dancers whose faces are partially concealed, lying in a circle of light, and riding a mechanical bull. Knowles said she is meant to "slowly become a woman" during the video, adding "Well, a sexier woman – I'm always a woman."Knowles rehearsed the pole dancing using two ballet bars, which was when it was decided to add a pole above her head to form an arc. Though she is from Texas, she had never previously been on mechanical bull. There were no problems during warm-ups, but the man operating the bull during the video shoot programmed it to go faster, causing Knowles to fall off when she tried to perform tricks such as lifting up her foot, leaning back and turning around. To minimize the time Knowles spent on the bull, the director shot the sequence at twelve frames per second (see frame rate) and Knowles sang twice as quickly, but it wasn't until 4:00 am that they completed work.
The Caribbean initially provided England's most important and lucrative colonies, but not before several attempts at colonisation failed. An attempt to establish a colony in Guiana in 1604 lasted only two years, and failed in its main objective to find gold deposits. Colonies in St Lucia (1605) and Grenada (1609) also rapidly folded, but settlements were successfully established in St. Kitts (1624), Barbados (1627) and Nevis (1628). The colonies soon adopted the system of sugar plantations successfully used by the Portuguese in Brazil, which depended on slave labour, and—at first—Dutch ships, to sell the slaves and buy the sugar. To ensure that the increasingly healthy profits of this trade remained in English hands, Parliament decreed in 1651 that only English ships would be able to ply their trade in English colonies. This led to hostilities with the United Dutch Provinces—a series of Anglo-Dutch Wars—which would eventually strengthen England's position in the Americas at the expense of the Dutch. In 1655, England annexed the island of Jamaica from the Spanish, and in 1666 succeeded in colonising the Bahamas.
Swedish Sign Language ("Svenskt teckenspråk" or SSL) is the sign language used in Sweden. It is recognized by the Swedish government as the country's official sign language, and hearing parents of deaf children are required to learn it. There are fewer than 10,000 speakers, making the language officially endangered.
After the revolt of Kent under Eadberht III Præn was defeated in 798 by Coenwulf, Cuthred was established as a client king. During Cuthred's reign, the Archbishopric of Lichfield was formally abolished at the Council of Clovesho on 12 October 803, and the Archbishopric of Canterbury thus regained the status of which Offa of Mercia had sought to deprive it. Cuthred's reign also saw the first raids of Kent by the Vikings. After his death in 807, Cœnwulf seems to have acted as King of Kent.
Tallinn University Academic Library () is one of the most comprehensive research libraries of Estonia in all fields of knowledge, except construction and agriculture. It is located in Tallinn, the capital city of Estonia.
Juliet of the Spirits () is a 1965 Italian-French fantasy comedy-drama film directed by Federico Fellini and starring Giulietta Masina, Sandra Milo, Mario Pisu, Valentina Cortese, and Valeska Gert. The film is about the visions, memories, and mysticism of a middle-aged woman that help her find the strength to leave her philandering husband. The film uses "caricatural types and dream situations to represent a psychic landscape." It was Fellini's first feature-length color film, but followed his use of color in "The Temptation of Doctor Antonio" episode in the portmanteau film "Boccaccio '70" (1962). "Juliet of the Spirits" won a Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Language Film in 1966.
However Cornelius Clifford places his birth no earlier than 296 and no later than 298, based on the fact that Athanasius indicates no first hand recollection of the Maximian persecution of 303, which he suggests Athanasius would have remembered if he had been ten years old at the time. Secondly, the Festal Epistles state that the Arians had accused Athanasius, among other charges, of not having yet attained the canonical age (30) and thus could not have been properly ordained as Patriarch of Alexandria in 328. The accusation must have seemed plausible. The Orthodox Church places his year of birth around 297.
The capital is Nashville, though Knoxville, Kingston, and Murfreesboro have all served as state capitals in the past. Memphis has the largest population of any city in the state. Nashville's 13-county metropolitan area has been the state's largest since c. 1990. Chattanooga and Knoxville, both in the eastern part of the state near the Great Smoky Mountains, each has approximately one-third of the population of Memphis or Nashville. The city of Clarksville is a fifth significant population center, some 45 miles (72 km) northwest of Nashville. Murfreesboro is the sixth-largest city in Tennessee, consisting of some 108,755 residents.
Małynka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabłudów, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zabłudów and south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
Mr. Freeze was played by George Sanders, Otto Preminger, and Eli Wallach in the original Batman television series, by Arnold Schwarzenegger in the 1997 film Batman & Robin, and by Nathan Darrow on the TV series Gotham. He was voiced by Michael Ansara in Batman: The Animated Series, by Clancy Brown in The Batman, and by Maurice LaMarche in the Batman: Arkham video game franchise. IGN's list of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains of All Time List ranked Mr. Freeze as # 67.
Born Pierre Louis Delâge to a family of modest means in Cognac in the Charente "département" of France, as an infant he lost the sight in one eye. At the age of sixteen, he went to study at a trade school Arts et Métiers ParisTech in the city of Angers, graduating with an engineering degree in 1893. Delage then fulfilled his military obligation and was stationed in Algeria. Discharged in 1895, he found work with a railway company in the south of France but in 1900 moved to Paris. There, he was employed in the engineering and design department of a motor vehicle manufacturing concern until 1903 when he received an offer to join the fledgling Renault automobile company.
``I Can Only Imagine ''was released in 2001 as the album's lead single. It gained significant airplay on Christian radio formats before crossing over to mainstream radio formats such as adult contemporary and Top 40 in late 2003 and into 2004; to aid in promotion to these markets, a double A-side physical single (combined with`` Word of God Speak'') was released in 2003. It charted on several formats, including the Billboard Adult Contemporary (where it peaked at No. 5) and the Hot 100 (where it peaked at No. 71). In 2002, ``I Can Only Imagine ''earned the Dove Awards for 'Pop / Contemporary Recorded Song of the Year' and 'Song of the Year'; Millard earned the Dove Award 'Songwriter of the Year' at the same ceremony. With 2.5 million copies sold, it is the best - selling Christian single of all time, having been certified 2x platinum by the RIAA. As of 2018, it is the only Christian song to reach that milestone.
The company's headquarters are located in Cedar City, Utah and its products are sold mainly through US and international dealers. They specialize in APCP mid and high power rocket motors, as well as supplying rocket kits designed around their motors.
Jakar is located in Bumthang (Choekhor) Valley within Chhoekhor Gewog in central Bumthang. Administratively, however, Jakar is a separate thromde (municipality) inside the gewog. The administrative office for the Choekhor Gewog is located in the northern suburbs of Jakar. Just north of Jakar lies Wangchuck Centennial Park, a protected area of Bhutan.
The Dunbar Hospital was the first hospital for the black community in Detroit, Michigan. It is located at 580 Frederick Street, and is currently the administrative headquarters of the Detroit Medical Society. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Robert Wayman attended Northwestern University where he graduated with a bachelor's degree in science engineering and a Master of Business Administration degree.
Child was an American composer and compiler of sacred music in the early nineteenth century. He was also a farmer and town official in Vermont.
Knobly Mountain is a ridge and part of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians, located east of New Creek Mountain in Mineral and Grant counties, West Virginia, in the United States.
A Zed & Two Noughts is a 1985 film written and directed by Peter Greenaway. This film was Greenaway's first collaboration with cinematographer Sacha Vierny, who went on to shoot virtually all of Greenaway's work in the 1980s and 1990s, until Vierny's death. Greenaway referred to Vierny as his "most important collaborator". The film is a rumination on life, love, bad sex, doubling, man's mistreatment of animals, artifice vs. the life force and the inevitability of birth, death and decay.
Tottenham railway station is located on the Sunbury line in Victoria, Australia. It serves the western Melbourne suburbs of Tottenham and West Footscray, opening on 2 March 1891. It is located above the Ashley Street rail overpass, which provides station access.
Gaunt was born in Ballarat, Australia, to William Henry Gaunt and his wife Elizabeth Mary Palmer. Gaunt's brother-in-law was Alexander Stenson Palmer (banker and M.P. for Victoria). Gaunt's brother Ernest Gaunt was also an admiral. Their sister, Mary Elizabeth Bakewell Gaunt, was a well-known author in Australia and wrote several travel books. Guy was educated at Melbourne Grammar School from 1881 to 1883.
The Great Lakes Group (GLG) is an American full-service marine-related transportation company headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio. The Great Lakes Group is the parent Company to The Great Lakes Towing Company, Great Lakes Shipyard, Tugz International L.L.C., Puerto Rico Towing & Barge Co., Soo Linehandling Services, Admiral Towing and Barge Company, and Wind Logistics, Inc.
The 2005 NATO Headquarters summit was a NATO summit held in the NATO Headquarters, Brussels, Belgium on February 22, 2005. During this summit, NATO leaders reaffirmed their support for building stability in the Balkans, Afghanistan and Iraq, and commit to strengthening the partnership between NATO and the European Union.
Trigger Happy! is the sole album led by American jazz double bassist Trigger Alpert which was recorded in 1956 for the Riverside label. The album was also issued under Zoot Sims Al Cohn and Tony Scott's names as East Coast Sounds.
Army -- Navy Game Army Black Knights Navy Midshipmen Sport College football First meeting November 29, 1890 Latest meeting December 9, 2017 Next meeting December 8, 2018 Statistics Meetings total 118 All - time record Navy leads 60 -- 51 -- 7 Longest win streak Navy, 14 (2002 -- 2015) Current win streak Army, 2 (2016 -- present)
Sir William Maule was the eldest son of Sir Peter Maule and Christina de Valognes, Baron and Baroness of Panmure and Benvie. William succeeded as Baron in 1254 on his father's death. He was married to Ethana de Vallibus, daughter of John Vaux, Lord of Dirleton, and left one son, Henry Maule, who succeeded him as Baron.
"There All the Honor Lies" is an episode from the second season of the science fiction television series "Babylon 5".
Francis J. Banfield (December 1827 – March 4, 1883) was an American soldier, law enforcement officer, police sergeant and founding member of the New York City Police Department "Steamboat Squad". Born in England, he emigrated to the United States as a child. He worked as a painter in his youth and later served in the Mexican-American War. He lived in California for a time before returning the New York to join the police force in June 1857.
KDE Platform 4 was a collection of libraries and software frameworks by KDE that served as technological foundation for KDE Software Compilation 4 distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL). KDE Platform 4 was the successor to KDElibs and the predecessor of KDE Frameworks. KDE Platform 4 is the only version of KDE Platform, see KDE’s brand repositioning.
Dark Run is a tributary of Catawissa Creek in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Union Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of . The stream is considered to be a High-Quality Coldwater Fishery and Class D Wild Trout Waters. Eight species of fish inhabit the stream. The main rock formations in the stream's watershed are the Mauch Chunk Formation and the main soil is the Leck Kill soil. The stream has several unnamed tributaries.
University of Miami Latin: Universitas Miamiensis Motto Magna est veritas (Latin) Motto in English Great is the truth Type Private Established 1925; 93 years ago (1925) Academic affiliations NAICU SURA ORAU Endowment $949 million (2017) Budget $3.3 billion (2016) Chairman Richard D. Fain President Julio Frenk Provost Jeffrey Duerk Academic staff 3,045 Administrative staff 10,985 Students 16,801 Undergraduates 10,849 Postgraduates 5,952 Location Coral Gables, Florida, U.S. Campus Suburban Total 453 acres (1.83 km) Colors Orange, Green, White Nickname Hurricanes Sporting affiliations NCAA Division I -- ACC Mascot Sebastian the Ibis Website www.miami.edu
Moorooka is a suburb of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia. It is seven kilometres south of Brisbane's central business district. At the 2016 Australian census the suburb had a population of 10,368. The suburb was founded as a stop-over for journeys from Brisbane south (Logan and Albert river valleys) and south-west (Ipswich and beyond). A section of the suburb's eastern boundary lies adjacent to Toohey Forest Park.
Nintendo was not as restrictive as Sega, which did not permit third-party publishing until Mediagenic in late summer 1988. Nintendo's intention, however, was to reserve a large part of NES game revenue for itself. Nintendo required that they be the sole manufacturer of all cartridges, and that the publisher had to pay in full before the cartridges for that game be produced. Cartridges could not be returned to Nintendo, so publishers assumed all the risk. As a result, some publishers lost more money due to distress sales of remaining inventory at the end of the NES era than they ever earned in profits from sales of the games. Because Nintendo controlled the production of all cartridges, it was able to enforce strict rules on its third-party developers, which were required to sign a contract by Nintendo that would obligate these parties to develop exclusively for the system, order at least 10,000 cartridges, and only make five games per year. A 1988 shortage of DRAM and ROM chips also reportedly caused Nintendo to only permit 25% of publishers' requests for cartridges. This was an average figure, with some publishers receiving much higher amounts and others almost none. GameSpy noted that Nintendo's "iron-clad terms" made the company many enemies during the 1980s. Some developers tried to circumvent the five game limit by creating additional company brands like Konami's Ultra Games label; others tried circumventing the 10NES chip.
Windows 10 Mobile is a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft. First released in 2015, it is a successor to Windows Phone 8.1, but was marketed by Microsoft as being an edition of its PC operating system Windows 10.
Darwin (/ ˈdɑːrwɪn / (listen) DAR - win) is the capital city of the Northern Territory of Australia. Situated on the Timor Sea, Darwin is the largest city in the sparsely populated Northern Territory, with a population of 142,300. It is the smallest and most northerly of the Australian capital cities, and acts as the Top End's regional centre.
Nicholas John Smith (5 March 1934 -- 6 December 2015) was an English actor. He was known for his role in the BBC sitcom Are You Being Served?, in which he played Mr. Rumbold, a manager at the fictional Grace Brothers department store.
Louis van Waefelghem (13 January 1840 in Bruges – 19 June 1908 in Paris) was a Belgian violinist, violist and one of the greatest viola d'amore players of the 19th century. He also composed several works and made transcriptions for viola and viola d'amore.
Herbesthal railway station was the Prussian/German frontier station on the main railway from Germany into Belgium between 1843 and 1920. It opened to rail traffic on 15 October 1843, and was thereby the oldest railway station frontier crossing in the world. It lost its border status on 10 January 1920, however, as a result of changes mandated in the Treaty of Versailles, which left Herbesthal more than 10 km (6 miles) inside Belgium.
Taputapuatea is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The commune of Taputapuatea is located on the island of Raiatea, in the administrative subdivision of the Leeward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands. At the 2017 census it had a population of 4,792. In 2017 Taputapuatea along with Taputapuatea marae were inscribed on the UNESCO World Heritage Sites list.
Anil Devgan is the son of Veeru Devgan, brother of actor Ajay Devgan, and brother-in-law of actress Kajol. Anil Devgan has also tried his hand with directing, and has directed his brother in two of his films: Raju Chacha and Blackmail (2005 film).
Gal Gadot - Varsano (Hebrew: גל גדות ‎, pronounced (ˈɡal ɡaˈdot); born April 30, 1985) is an Israeli actress and model. She is famous for portraying Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe, starting with Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016), then the solo film Wonder Woman and latest film Justice League (both released in 2017). She also starred as Gisele Yashar in three The Fast and the Furious films.
It is estimated that there were two billion cases of gastroenteritis that resulted in 1.3 million deaths globally in 2015. Children and those in the developing world are most commonly affected. As of 2011, in those less than five, there were about 1.7 billion cases resulting in 0.7 million deaths, with most of these occurring in the world's poorest nations. More than 450,000 of these fatalities are due to rotavirus in children under 5 years of age. Cholera causes about three to five million cases of disease and kills approximately 100,000 people yearly. In the developing world, children less than two years of age frequently get six or more infections a year that result in significant gastroenteritis. It is less common in adults, partly due to the development of acquired immunity.In 1980, gastroenteritis from all causes caused 4.6 million deaths in children, with the majority occurring in the developing world. Death rates were reduced significantly (to approximately 1.5 million deaths annually) by the year 2000, largely due to the introduction and widespread use of oral rehydration therapy. In the US, infections causing gastroenteritis are the second most common infection (after the common cold), and they result in between 200 and 375 million cases of acute diarrhea and approximately ten thousand deaths annually, with 150 to 300 of these deaths in children less than five years of age.
Gabb's snail also known as the San Clemente Island snail, scientific name Micrarionta gabbii, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.
The winners were announced during the awards ceremony on February 26, 2012. The Artist was the second silent feature to win Best Picture. The 1927 film Wings was the first such film to achieve this distinction at the inaugural awards ceremony in 1929. Moreover, it was also the first black - and - white feature to win Best Picture since 1993's Schindler's List. Best Actor winner Jean Dujardin became the first French actor to win an Oscar. With her latest win for Best Actress, Meryl Streep became the fifth performer to win at least three acting Oscars. At age 82, Best Supporting Actor winner Christopher Plummer also made Oscar history by becoming the oldest ever performer to win a competitive acting Oscar.
I'll Cry If I Want To was the debut album of Lesley Gore. The album included her hit singles ``It's My Party ''and its follow - up,`` Judy's Turn to Cry''. The album was rushed out after ``It's My Party ''became a big hit, and the songs are mostly about crying, linking to the hit single's first line`` It's my party and I'll cry if I want to'', incorporating songs with titles such as ``Cry '',`` Just Let Me Cry'' and ``Cry and You Cry Alone ''. Besides the hit singles, the album included pop standards such as`` Misty'', ``Cry Me a River ''and`` What Kind of Fool Am I?''. The album reached # 24 on the Billboard 200. Edsel Records released the album on Compact Disc in 2000 in combination with Gore's second album, Lesley Gore Sings of Mixed - Up Hearts. The album was named the 181st best album of the 1960s by Pitchfork.
TMG has been a major player in the markets since its founding and pioneered bond futures basis arbitrage at the inception of the Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) Treasury futures contracts.
In October 2016, the series was renewed for a 16 - episode eighth season, which premiered on October 22, 2017. As of November 5, 2017, 102 episodes of The Walking Dead have aired.
Fourierism is the systematic set of economic, political, and social beliefs first espoused by French intellectual Charles Fourier (1772–1837). Based upon a belief in the inevitability of communal associations of people who worked and lived together as part of the human future, Fourier's committed supporters referred to his doctrines as Associationism. Political contemporaries and subsequent scholarship has identified Fourier's set of ideas as a form of utopian socialisma phrase which retains mild pejorative overtones.
The film is about the coming of age of two sisters and their friend through the romantic lives of the three main characters: Kat Arújo (Annabeth Gish), Daisy Arújo (Julia Roberts), and Jojo Barbosa (Lili Taylor), who are waitresses at Mystic Pizza owned by Leona (Conchata Ferrell) in Mystic, Connecticut. In the film, Mystic is represented as a fishing town with a large Portuguese-American population. The film also touches on an Old World work ethic.
The Indian National Army (INA; Azad Hind Fauj / ˈɑːzɑːð ˈhinð ˈfɔːdʒ /; lit.: Free Indian Army) was an armed force formed by Indian nationalists in 1942 in Southeast Asia during World War II. Its aim was to secure Indian independence from British rule. It formed an alliance with Imperial Japan in the latter's campaign in the Southeast Asian theatre of WWII. The army was first formed in 1942 under Mohan Singh, by Indian PoWs of the British - Indian Army captured by Japan in the Malayan campaign and at Singapore. This first INA collapsed and was disbanded in December that year after differences between the INA leadership and the Japanese military over its role in Japan's war in Asia. It was revived under the leadership of Subhas Chandra Bose after his arrival in Southeast Asia in 1943. The army was declared to be the army of Bose's Arzi Hukumat - e-Azad Hind (the Provisional Government of Free India). Under Bose's leadership, the INA drew ex-prisoners and thousands of civilian volunteers from the Indian expatriate population in Malaya (present - day Malaysia) and Burma. This second INA fought along with the Imperial Japanese Army against the British and Commonwealth forces in the campaigns in Burma, in Imphal and at Kohima, and later against the successful Burma Campaign of the Allies.
Jacqueline MacInnes Wood (born 17 April 1987) is a Canadian actress, disc jockey, singer and television host. She portrayed Olivia Castle in the film Final Destination 5 and Steffy Forrester in TV soap opera The Bold and the Beautiful, the latter earning her three Daytime Emmy Award nominations in 2012, 2013 and 2018.
Melvin Kim Jew (born July 18, 1952) is an American photographer and entrepreneur, and the founder and owner of Kim Jew Photography in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Will & Grace is an American sitcom created by Max Mutchnick and David Kohan. Set in New York City, the show focuses on the relationship between best friends Will Truman (Eric McCormack), a gay lawyer, and Grace Adler (Debra Messing), a straight interior designer. The show was broadcast on NBC from September 21, 1998 to May 18, 2006, for a total of eight seasons, and restarted its run on NBC on September 28, 2017. During its original run, Will & Grace was one of the most successful television series with gay principal characters.
Most notably, there was also a secret protocol to the pact, revealed only after Germany's defeat in 1945, although hints about its provisions were leaked much earlier, e.g., to influence Lithuania. According to said protocol Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia and Finland were divided into German and Soviet "spheres of influence". In the north, Finland, Estonia and Latvia were assigned to the Soviet sphere. Poland was to be partitioned in the event of its "political rearrangement"—the areas east of the Pisa, Narev, Vistula and San rivers going to the Soviet Union while Germany would occupy the west. Lithuania, adjacent to East Prussia, would be in the German sphere of influence, although a second secret protocol agreed to in September 1939 reassigned the majority of Lithuania to the USSR. According to the secret protocol, Lithuania would be granted the city of Vilnius – its historical capital, which was under Polish control during the inter-war period. Another clause of the treaty was that Germany would not interfere with the Soviet Union's actions towards Bessarabia, then part of Romania; as the result, Bessarabia was joined to the Moldovan ASSR, and become the Moldovan SSR under control of Moscow.
Agua Blanca is a commune in Machalilla Parish, Puerto López Canton, Manabí Province, Ecuador. It is east of the city of Puerto López.
In 1924, the annual Thanksgiving parade started in Newark, New Jersey by Louis Bamberger at the Bamberger's store was transferred to New York City by Macy's. In New York, the employees marched to Macy's flagship store on 34th Street dressed in vibrant costumes. There were floats, professional bands and live animals borrowed from the Central Park Zoo. At the end of that first parade, as has been the case with every parade since, Santa Claus was welcomed into Herald Square. At this first parade, Santa was enthroned on the Macy's balcony at the 34th Street store entrance, where he was then ``crowned ''`` King of the Kiddies.'' With an audience of over 250,000 people, the parade was such a success that Macy's declared it would become an annual event.
Multidirection is the second album by American jazz pianist Kenny Cox featuring performances recorded in 1969 and released on the Blue Note label. The album was reissued as bonus tracks with Cox's first Blue Note album "Introducing Kenny Cox".
Crockett County is the name of two counties in the United States, both named for frontiersman and politician Davy Crockett:
Ghazi Kanaan (1942 – 12 October 2005) (; transliterations vary), also known as Abu Yo'roub, was Syria's Interior Minister from 2004 to 2005, and long-time head of Syria's security apparatus in Lebanon. His violent death during an investigation into the assassination of Rafik Hariri drew international attention.
Harvard was formed in 1636 by vote of the Great and General Court of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. It was initially called "New College" or "the college at New Towne". In 1638, the college became home for North America's first known printing press, carried by the ship John of London. In 1639, the college was renamed Harvard College after deceased clergyman John Harvard, who was an alumnus of the University of Cambridge. He had left the school £779 and his library of some 400 books. The charter creating the Harvard Corporation was granted in 1650.
Lilian Turner (21 August 1867 – 25 August 1956), born Lilian Wattnall Burwell, was the elder sister of Ethel Turner and the daughter of Bennett George and Sarah Jane Burwell. Bennett George Burwell died when Lilian was still a young child, and her mother married a widower, Henry Turner, a year later. Both Lilian and Ethel would later take their step-father's name for their professional writing careers. Sarah and Henry had a daughter, Jeannie Rose (born 1873), but Henry died suddenly in 1878. The following year, Sarah took her three daughters to Australia, where she met and married Charles Cope in Sydney.
``You're the Best Thing That Ever Happened To Me ''Single by Ray Price from the album You're the Best Thing That Ever Happened To Me B - side`` What Kind of Love is This'' Released July 1973 (U.S.) Format 7 ''Recorded ca. May 1973 Genre Country Length 3: 50 Label Columbia 45889 Songwriter (s) Jim Weatherly Producer (s) Don Law Ray Price singles chronology ``She's Got to Be a Saint'' (1972)`` You're the Best Thing That Ever Happened To Me ''(1973) ``Storms of Troubled Times'' (1974)`` She's Got to Be a Saint ''(1972) ``You're the Best Thing That Ever Happened to Me'' (1973)`` Storms of Troubled Times ''(1974)
"Adult Education" is a song by American duo Daryl Hall & John Oates, released as a single on February 18, 1984. The song is featured on the duo's second compilation album "Rock 'n Soul Part 1" (1983). It was one of two new tracks that were recorded specifically for the compilation release and hit number eight on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. This song was featured in the 2013 video game "Grand Theft Auto V".
The Milwaukee Badgers were a professional American football team, based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, that played in the National Football League from 1922 to 1926. The team played its home games at Athletic Park, later known as Borchert Field, on Milwaukee's north side. The team was notable for having a large number of African-American players for the time.
The New York Yankees are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of the Bronx. The Yankees compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) East division. They are one of two major league clubs based in New York City; the other club is the National League (NL)'s New York Mets. In the season, the club began play in the AL as the Baltimore Orioles (no relation to the modern Baltimore Orioles). Frank Farrell and Bill Devery purchased the franchise that had ceased operations and moved it to New York City, renaming the club the New York Highlanders. The Highlanders were officially renamed the Yankees in .
Markus Joenmäki is a Finnish professional football defender who currently plays in defence for the Veikkausliiga side FC Lahti in Finland.
Michael Lambert (born June 25, 1986) is a Canadian snowboarder who currently resides in Toronto, Ontario. Michael competes in the Alpine disciplines, Parallel GS and Parallel Slalom. Lambert has been on the Canadian National Team since 2002 and is currently working with coaches Mark Fawcett and Sylvain Jean. He is also the Slap cup champion of Stoney island
After two years, a website was created for Seal Online. It had a post announcing the arrival of Seal Online in English to the United States. The English Seal Online was finally released on 19 November 2007 at 8pm EST by YNK Interactive.
William IV Portrait by Sir Martin Archer Shee, 1833 King of the United Kingdom (more...) Reign 26 June 1830 -- 20 June 1837 Coronation 8 September 1831 Predecessor George IV Successor Victoria Prime Ministers See list (show) Duke of Wellington Earl Grey Viscount Melbourne Robert Peel King of Hanover Reign 26 June 1830 -- 20 June 1837 Predecessor George IV Successor Ernest Augustus (1765 - 08 - 21) 21 August 1765 Buckingham House, London 20 June 1837 (1837 - 06 - 20) (aged 71) Windsor Castle, Berkshire Burial 8 July 1837 St George's Chapel, Windsor Spouse Adelaide of Saxe - Meiningen Issue more... Legitimate: Princess Charlotte of Clarence Princess Elizabeth of Clarence Illegitimate: George FitzClarence, Earl of Munster Henry FitzClarence Sophia Sidney, Baroness De L'Isle and Dudley Lady Mary Fox Lord Frederick FitzClarence Elizabeth Hay, Countess of Erroll Lord Adolphus FitzClarence Lady Augusta Gordon Lord Augustus FitzClarence Amelia Cary, Viscountess Falkland Full name William Henry House Hanover Father George III of the United Kingdom Mother Charlotte of Mecklenburg - Strelitz Religion Anglican Occupation Military (Naval) Signature Military career Allegiance United Kingdom Service / branch Royal Navy (active service) Years of service 1779 -- 1790 (active service) Rank Rear - Admiral (active service) Commands held HMS Andromeda HMS Pegasus Battles / wars Battle of Cape St Vincent
The birth of Islam on the opposite side of Somalia's Red Sea coast meant that Somali merchants, sailors and expatriates living in the Arabian Peninsula gradually came under the influence of the new religion through their converted Arab Muslim trading partners. With the migration of fleeing Muslim families from the Islamic world to Somalia in the early centuries of Islam and the peaceful conversion of the Somali population by Somali Muslim scholars in the following centuries, the ancient city-states eventually transformed into Islamic Mogadishu, Berbera, Zeila, Barawa and Merca, which were part of the Berberi civilization. The city of Mogadishu came to be known as the City of Islam, and controlled the East African gold trade for several centuries.
The television industry developed in New York and is a significant employer in the city's economy. The three major American broadcast networks are all headquartered in New York: ABC, CBS, and NBC. Many cable networks are based in the city as well, including MTV, Fox News, HBO, Showtime, Bravo, Food Network, AMC, and Comedy Central. The City of New York operates a public broadcast service, NYCTV, that has produced several original Emmy Award-winning shows covering music and culture in city neighborhoods and city government.
Shiraz Solar Power Plant is a concentrating solar power type pilot power station situated near Shiraz, Iran. It became operational in 2008. The plant uses concentrating parabolic mirrors to focus a beam of light on a tower making steam for electricity generating turbines. It has a capacity of 250 kilowatt (kW). It is a project aimed at developing technologies needed for larger solar power plants, and is currently being upgraded to 500 kW capacity.
The International Brigades also saw combat in the Battle of Teruel in January 1938. The 35th International Division suffered heavily in this battle from aerial bombardment as well as shortages of food, winter clothing and ammunition. The XIV International Brigade fought in the Battle of Ebro in July 1938, the last Republican offensive of the war.
The governor of an unnamed western state, Hubert ``Happy ''Hopper (Guy Kibbee), has to pick a replacement for recently deceased U.S. Senator Sam Foley. His corrupt political boss, Jim Taylor (Edward Arnold), pressures Hopper to choose his handpicked stooge, while popular committees want a reformer, Henry Hill. The governor's children want him to select Jefferson Smith (James Stewart), the head of the Boy Rangers. Unable to make up his mind between Taylor's stooge and the reformer, Hopper decides to flip a coin. When it lands on edge -- and next to a newspaper story on one of Smith's accomplishments -- he chooses Smith, calculating that his wholesome image will please the people while his naïveté will make him easy to manipulate.
On 26 July 2012, to coincide with the official start of the London 2012 Olympics and the issuing of a series of souvenir front covers, The Times added the suffix "of London" to its masthead.
A series of new editors-in-chief oversaw the company during another slow time for the industry. Once again, Marvel attempted to diversify, and with the updating of the Comics Code achieved moderate to strong success with titles themed to horror (The Tomb of Dracula), martial arts, (Shang-Chi: Master of Kung Fu), sword-and-sorcery (Conan the Barbarian, Red Sonja), satire (Howard the Duck) and science fiction (2001: A Space Odyssey, "Killraven" in Amazing Adventures, Battlestar Galactica, Star Trek, and, late in the decade, the long-running Star Wars series). Some of these were published in larger-format black and white magazines, under its Curtis Magazines imprint. Marvel was able to capitalize on its successful superhero comics of the previous decade by acquiring a new newsstand distributor and greatly expanding its comics line. Marvel pulled ahead of rival DC Comics in 1972, during a time when the price and format of the standard newsstand comic were in flux. Goodman increased the price and size of Marvel's November 1971 cover-dated comics from 15 cents for 36 pages total to 25 cents for 52 pages. DC followed suit, but Marvel the following month dropped its comics to 20 cents for 36 pages, offering a lower-priced product with a higher distributor discount.
Pam Belluck, an American journalist and author, is a health and science writer for "The New York Times" and author of the acclaimed nonfiction book "Island Practice," which is in development for a television series.
The process of making beer is known as brewing. A dedicated building for the making of beer is called a brewery, though beer can be made in the home and has been for much of its history. A company that makes beer is called either a brewery or a brewing company. Beer made on a domestic scale for non-commercial reasons is classified as homebrewing regardless of where it is made, though most homebrewed beer is made in the home. Brewing beer is subject to legislation and taxation in developed countries, which from the late 19th century largely restricted brewing to a commercial operation only. However, the UK government relaxed legislation in 1963, followed by Australia in 1972 and the US in 1978, allowing homebrewing to become a popular hobby.
Jean Allemane (1843, Sauveterre-de-Comminges, Haute-Garonne – 1935, Herblay in Seine-et-Oise) was a French socialist politician, veteran of the Paris Commune of 1871, pioneer of syndicalism, leader of the Socialist-Revolutionary Workers' Party (POSR) and co-founder of the unified French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) in 1905. He was a deputy in the National Assembly of the Third French Republic.
AH - 64 Apache An AH - 64 Apache from the U.S. Army's 101st Aviation Regiment in Iraq Role Attack helicopter National origin United States Manufacturer Hughes Helicopters (1975 -- 1984) McDonnell Douglas (1984 -- 1997) Boeing Defense, Space & Security (1997 -- present) First flight 30 September 1975 Introduction April 1986 Status In service Primary users United States Army Israeli Air Force Egyptian Air Force Royal Netherlands Air Force Produced 1983 -- present Number built 2,000 as of March 2013 Unit cost AH - 64A: US $20M (2007) AH - 64D: US $65 M (2010) AH - 64E: US $35.5 M (FY2014) Variants AgustaWestland Apache
The Actress is a 1953 American comedy-drama film based on Ruth Gordon's autobiographical play "Years Ago". Gordon herself wrote the screenplay. The film was directed by George Cukor and stars Jean Simmons, Spencer Tracy, Teresa Wright, and Anthony Perkins in his film debut.
Summit is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pima County, Arizona, United States. The population was 3,702 at the 2000 census.
Ngiwal is one of the sixteen states of Palau. It has a population of 223 (census 2005) and an area of 26 km². The administrative center is Ngerkeai.
Hurricane Andrew was a Category 5 Atlantic hurricane that struck the Bahamas and Florida in mid-August 1992, the most destructive hurricane to ever hit the state. It was the strongest in decades and the costliest hurricane to make landfall anywhere in the United States until it was surpassed by Katrina in 2005. Andrew caused major damage in the Bahamas and Louisiana, but the greatest impact was felt in South Florida, with sustained wind speeds as high as 165 mph (270 km / h). Passing directly through the city of Homestead in Dade County (now known as Miami - Dade County), it stripped many homes of all but their concrete foundations. In total, it destroyed more than 63,500 houses, damaged more than 124,000 others, caused $26.5 billion in damage, and left 65 people dead.
Gustav Hollaender (15 February 1855 in Leobschütz – 4 December 1915 in Berlin) was a German violinist, conductor and composer. He composed many violin works including violin concerti. He was uncle of the more famous film composer Friedrich Hollaender.(See "Great Jews in Music" by Darryl Lyman).
Spexy Beast is a stand-up comedy tour performed by British comedian Alan Carr. The tour was Carr's first to be performed in arena type venues, with extra dates being added in most territories due to popular demand.
The Times Magazine features columns touching on various subjects such as celebrities, fashion and beauty, food and drink, homes and gardens or simply writers' anecdotes. Notable contributors include Giles Coren, Food and Drink Writer of the Year in 2005 and Nadiya Hussain, winner of BBC's The Great British Bake Off.
In the early years of the U.S., immigration was only about 6,000 people a year on average, including French refugees from the slave revolt in Haiti. The French Revolution, starting in 1789, and the Napoleonic Wars from 1792 to 1814 severely limited immigration from Europe. The War of 1812 (1812 -- 1814) with Britain again prevented any significant immigration. By 1808 Congress had banned the importation of slaves, slowing that human traffic to a trickle.
Muhammad's first revelation was an event described in Islam as taking place in 610 AD, during which the Islamic prophet, Muhammad was visited by the archangel Jibrīl, who revealed to him the beginnings of what would later become the Quran. The event took place in a cave called Hira, located on the mountain Jabal an - Nour, near Mecca.
Gherman Titov became the first Soviet cosmonaut to exercise manual control of his Vostok 2 craft on August 6, 1961. The Soviet Union demonstrated 24-hour launch pad turnaround and the capability to launch two piloted spacecraft, Vostok 3 and Vostok 4, in essentially identical orbits, on August 11 and 12, 1962. The two spacecraft came within approximately 6.5 kilometers (4.0 mi) of one another, close enough for radio communication. Vostok 4 also set a record of nearly four days in space. Though the two craft's orbits were as nearly identical as possible given the accuracy of the launch rocket's guidance system, slight variations still existed which drew the two craft at first as close to each other as 6.5 kilometers (3.5 nautical miles), then as far apart as 2,850 kilometers (1,540 nautical miles). There were no maneuvering rockets on the Vostok to permit space rendezvous, required to keep two spacecraft a controlled distance apart.
Media in Pristina have followed all elections held in Kosova, especially a great impact was noted in Kosova local elections, 2013,where media dedicated most of their time in political debates,advertisements and political parties programs.
Joshua Radnor (born July 29, 1974) is an American actor. He is best known for portraying Ted Mosby on the popular Emmy Award - winning CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother. He made his writing and directorial debut with the 2010 comedy drama film Happythankyoumoreplease, for which he won the Sundance Film Festival Audience Award and was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize.
Patch Grove is a village in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 198 at the 2010 census. The village is located within the Town of Patch Grove.
A Distinguished Member of the Humane Society is an 1831 oil on canvas work by English painter Sir Edwin Henry Landseer depicting a Newfoundland dog. The original was damaged in a flood whilst on loan to the Tate Gallery in 1928, and was returned to public view for the first time in 50 years after it was restored in 2009.
The Texian Army, also known as the Army of Texas and the Army of the People, was a military organization consisting of volunteer and regular soldiers who fought against the Mexican army during the Texas Revolution. Approximately 3,700 men joined the army between October 2, 1835, during the Battle of Gonzales through the end of the war on April 21, 1836, at the Battle of San Jacinto. After gaining independence the Texian Army would be officially known as the Army of the Republic of Texas. In 1846, after the annexation of Texas by the United States, the Army of the Republic of Texas merged with the US Army. Sam Houston became the new commander in chief of the new Texas army.
After World War II, the Guam Organic Act of 1950 established Guam as an unincorporated organized territory of the United States, provided for the structure of the island's civilian government, and granted the people U.S. citizenship. The Governor of Guam was federally appointed until 1968, when the Guam Elective Governor Act provided for the office's popular election.:242 Since Guam is not a U.S. state, U.S. citizens residing on Guam are not allowed to vote for president and their congressional representative is a non-voting member.
Triptych of the Annunciation is a 1483 triptych by the Flemish artist known only as the Master of the Legend of Saint Ursula, located in the Indianapolis Museum of Art, which is in Indianapolis, Indiana. It depicts the Annunciation on the central panel, while the surrounding panels and the outside of the wings are covered in various pairs of male saints.
``I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry ''Single by Hank Williams A-side`` My Bucket's Got a Hole in It'' Released November 8, 1949 Recorded August 30, 1949, Herzog Studio, Cincinnati Genre Country, blues Length 2: 48 Label MGM Songwriter (s) Hank Williams Hank Williams singles chronology ``You're Gonna Change (Or I'm Gonna Leave) ''(1949)`` I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry'' (1949) ``I Just Do n't Like This Kind of Living ''(1950)`` You're Gonna Change (Or I'm Gonna Leave)'' (1949) ``My Bucket's Got a Hole in It ''(1949)`` I Just Do n't Like This Kind of Living'' (1950)
The Affero General Public License (Affero GPL and informally Affero License) is a free software license. The first version of the Affero General Public License (AGPLv1), was published by Affero, Inc. in March 2002, and based on the GNU General Public License, version 2 (GPLv2). The second version (AGPLv2) was published in November 2007, as a transitional license to allow an upgrade path from AGPLv1 to the GNU Affero General Public License (a variant of the original Affero GPL license that is compatible with GPLv3).
Schwarzenegger ran for re-election against Democrat Phil Angelides, the California State Treasurer, in the 2006 elections, held on November 7, 2006. Despite a poor year nationally for the Republican party, Schwarzenegger won re-election with 56.0% of the vote compared with 38.9% for Angelides, a margin of well over 1 million votes. Around this time, many commentators saw Schwarzenegger as moving away from the right and towards the center of the political spectrum. After hearing a speech by Schwarzenegger at the 2006 Martin Luther King Jr. breakfast, San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom said that "[H]e's becoming a Democrat [... H]e's running back, not even to the center. I would say center-left".
Although initially the Germans were welcomed by most Estonians as liberators from the USSR and its oppressions, and hopes were raised for the restoration of the country's independence, it was soon realised that the Nazis were but another occupying power. The Germans used Estonia's resources for their war effort; for the duration of the occupation Estonia was incorporated into the German province of Ostland. The Germans and their collaborators also carried out The Holocaust in Estonia in which they established a network of concentration camps and murdered thousands of Estonian Jews and Estonian Gypsies, other Estonians, non-Estonian Jews, and Soviet prisoners of war.
Parajas is a parish (administrative division) in Allande, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Rodnowo () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately west of Bartoszyce and north of the regional capital Olsztyn.
From the fifth century to the thirteenth, Śrauta sacrifices declined, and initiatory traditions of Buddhism, Jainism or more commonly Shaivism, Vaishnavism and Shaktism expanded in royal courts. This period produced some of India's finest art, considered the epitome of classical development, and the development of the main spiritual and philosophical systems which continued to be in Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism. Emperor Harsha of Kannauj succeeded in reuniting northern India during his reign in the 7th century, after the collapse of the Gupta dynasty. His empire collapsed after his death.
King Chadae of Goguryeo (71–165, r. 146–165) was the seventh ruler of Goguryeo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea.
The Tech Coast is a moniker that has gained use as a descriptor for the region's diversified technology and industrial base as well as its multitude of prestigious and world-renowned research universities and other public and private institutions. Amongst these include 5 University of California campuses (Irvine, Los Angeles, Riverside, Santa Barbara, and San Diego); 12 California State University campuses (Bakersfield, Channel Islands, Dominguez Hills, Fullerton, Los Angeles, Long Beach, Northridge, Pomona, San Bernardino, San Diego, San Marcos, and San Luis Obispo); and private institutions such as the California Institute of Technology, Chapman University, the Claremont Colleges (Claremont McKenna College, Harvey Mudd College, Pitzer College, Pomona College, and Scripps College), Loma Linda University, Loyola Marymount University, Occidental College, Pepperdine University, University of Redlands, University of San Diego, and the University of Southern California.
In response to the publication of the secret protocols and other secret German–Soviet relations documents in the State Department edition Nazi–Soviet Relations (1948), Stalin published Falsifiers of History, which included the claim that, during the Pact's operation, Stalin rejected Hitler's claim to share in a division of the world, without mentioning the Soviet offer to join the Axis. That version persisted, without exception, in historical studies, official accounts, memoirs and textbooks published in the Soviet Union until the Soviet Union's dissolution.
In 1839, Haight married Sarah Louise Burgoyne, of Charleston, South Carolina. He moved to Westchester, New York (now in The Bronx, but then in Westchester County) in 1850. He was a director of the National Bank of New York. He organized the Bank of the Commonwealth of New York City in 1856, and was its president until 1870. After 1870, he was in business with his son Edward Jr. in the brokerage firm of Haight & Company on Wall Street.
The Northeast blackout of 2003 was a widespread power outage throughout parts of the Northeastern and Midwestern United States and the Canadian province of Ontario on Thursday, August 14, 2003, just after 4: 10 p.m. EDT.
Jason Sudeikis plays Holt Richter, one of Cleveland's drinking buddies with a short stature, and Terry Kimple, one of Cleveland's longtime friends who now works with him at Waterman Cable. Sudeikis originally began as a recurring cast member, but starting with the episode ``Harder, Better, Faster, Browner '', he was promoted to a series regular.
Matthew Arnold contrasted "culture" with anarchy; other Europeans, following philosophers Thomas Hobbes and Jean-Jacques Rousseau, contrasted "culture" with "the state of nature". According to Hobbes and Rousseau, the Native Americans who were being conquered by Europeans from the 16th centuries on were living in a state of nature; this opposition was expressed through the contrast between "civilized" and "uncivilized." According to this way of thinking, one could classify some countries and nations as more civilized than others and some people as more cultured than others. This contrast led to Herbert Spencer's theory of Social Darwinism and Lewis Henry Morgan's theory of cultural evolution. Just as some critics have argued that the distinction between high and low cultures is really an expression of the conflict between European elites and non-elites, some critics have argued that the distinction between civilized and uncivilized people is really an expression of the conflict between European colonial powers and their colonial subjects.
Medical facilities in Mali are very limited, and medicines are in short supply. Malaria and other arthropod-borne diseases are prevalent in Mali, as are a number of infectious diseases such as cholera and tuberculosis. Mali's population also suffers from a high rate of child malnutrition and a low rate of immunization. An estimated 1.9 percent of the adult and children population was afflicted with HIV/AIDS that year, among the lowest rates in Sub-Saharan Africa. An estimated 85–91 percent of Mali's girls and women have had female genital mutilation (2006 and 2001 data).
Zorrita Martinez (Spanish:Zorrita Martínez) is a 1975 Spanish comedy drama film directed by Vicente Escrivá and starring José Luis López Vázquez, Nadiuska and Manuel Zarzo. A Venazeulan performer living in Spain, gets married so she can get a permit to stay in the country.
When anti-German demonstrations erupted in Prague, Czechoslovakia, the Comintern ordered the Czech Communist Party to employ all of its strength to paralyze "chauvinist elements." Moscow soon forced the Communist Parties of France and Great Britain to adopt an anti-war position. On 7 September, Stalin called Georgi Dimitrov,[clarification needed] and the latter sketched a new Comintern line on the war. The new line—which stated that the war was unjust and imperialist—was approved by the secretariat of the Communist International on 9 September. Thus, the various western Communist parties now had to oppose the war, and to vote against war credits. Although the French Communists had unanimously voted in Parliament for war credits on 2 September and on 19 September declared their "unshakeable will" to defend the country, on 27 September the Comintern formally instructed the party to condemn the war as imperialist. By 1 October the French Communists advocated listening to German peace proposals, and Communist leader Maurice Thorez deserted from the French Army on 4 October and fled to Russia. Other Communists also deserted from the army.
Ted Key (born Theodore Keyser; August 25, 1912 – May 3, 2008), was an American cartoonist and writer. He is best known as the creator of the cartoon panel "Hazel", which was later the basis for a television series of the same name, and also the creator of "Peabody's Improbable History".
``How Great Is Our God ''is a song written by Chris Tomlin, Jesse Reeves and Ed Cash. It was originally featured on Tomlin's album Arriving, that reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart. It is also featured live on Tomlin's Live from Austin Music Hall album. As of November 2014, it also is the fifth most popular worship song today, according to CCLI's top 25 worship songs chart. It also reached No. 1 on Christian Music Weekly's 20 the Countdown Magazine's Top 20 Worship Songs Chart. The song won`` Song of the Year'' and ``Worship Song of the Year ''at the 2006 GMA Dove Awards, and`` Worship Song of the Year'' again at the 2008 GMA Dove Awards.
Cynthia Lillian Lennon ("née" Powell; 10 September 1939 – 1 April 2015) was the first wife of English musician John Lennon and mother of Julian Lennon. She grew up in the middle-class section of Hoylake, on the Wirral Peninsula in North West England. At the age of 12, she was accepted into the Junior Art School and was later enrolled in the Liverpool College of Art. John Lennon also attended the college; a meeting with Powell in a calligraphy class led to their relationship.
Kushla (Кушла) is a village in southern Bulgaria, Zlatograd municipality, Smolyan Province, located near the border with Greece. In the Ottoman times the town was called Ugurli in Turkish and Kotyli in Greek. In 1918 the village was part of the Satres (bulg. Sinikovo) community. Following Greek and Bulgarian independence, the former town and its 350 families was divided between the countries in the Neuilly treaty in 1922 until 1941 when the Axis powers opened the borders briefly up to 1944 when Greece retook Kotyli and the local Bulgarian Muslims were since schooled in Greek language. The other part of the village lies in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece as Kotyli (Kozludzha). The villages have a Pomak (Bulgarian Muslim) majority.
Joseph Haydn's Concerto No. 2 in D Major for cello and orchestra, Hob. VIIb/2, Op. 101, was composed in 1783 for Antonín Kraft, a cellist of Prince Nikolaus's Esterházy Orchestra.
The Finger Lakes is a group of 11 long, narrow, roughly north -- south lakes in a region called the Finger Lakes region in Central New York, in the United States. This region is defined as a bioregion and is a popular tourist destination.
Michelle Magorian was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire, and is of Armenian origin. She lived in Singapore and Australia from age seven to nine. As a child she spent as much time as possible in the King's Theatre in Portsmouth and her ambition was to become an actress. After three years of study at the Rose Bruford College of Speech and Drama, she spent two years at Marcel Marceau's L'école Internationale de Mime in Paris. From there she launched into a professional acting career and spent a few years touring all over the country - from Scotland to Devon and then Yorkshire - working in repertory companies, taking any part she could. Michelle's worst stage part was playing Orinoco in "The Wombles" musical. All this time she had been secretly writing stories. When she was 24 she became interested in children's books, and decided to write one herself.
China is the most populated country in the world and its national population density (137 / km) is similar to those of Switzerland and the Czech Republic. The overall population density of China conceals major regional variations, the western and northern part have a few million people, while eastern half has about 1.3 billion. The vast majority of China's population lives near the east in major cities.
Reese and the Smooth Ones is a 1969 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago recorded in Paris for the French BYG Actuel label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Joseph Jarman, Roscoe Mitchell and Malachi Favors Maghostut.
The Rialto Bridge (Italian: Ponte di Rialto; Venetian: Ponte de Rialto) is the oldest of the four bridges spanning the Grand Canal in Venice, Italy. Connecting the sestieri (districts) of San Marco and San Polo, it has been rebuilt several times since its first construction as a pontoon bridge in the 12th century, and is now a significant tourist attraction in the city.
In 1718, there were only 700 Europeans in Louisiana. The Mississippi Company arranged for ships to bring 800 more, who landed in Louisiana in 1718, doubling the European population. John Law encouraged Germans, particularly Germans of the Alsatian region who had recently fallen under French rule, and the Swiss to emigrate.
Men's Singles 2018 French Open Champion Rafael Nadal Runner - up Dominic Thiem Final score 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 2 Details Draw 128 (16 Q / 8 WC) Seeds 32 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends − 45 45 + women WC Singles men women WC Doubles men women ← 2017 French Open 2019 →
The San Angelo Museum of Fine Arts is an art museum serving 14 counties located in San Angelo, Texas. The museum features a growing permanent collection and is home to traveling exhibitions. In addition, it features a research library, an education wing, a rooftop sculpture collection, and community meeting space.
John Keegan de Lancie (born October 31, 1984) is an American actor and son of actor John de Lancie and Marnie Mosiman. He is known for his role as Q, or Q Junior, on "", where he played the son of Q, a longstanding character in the Star Trek franchise portrayed by his father, John de Lancie, in the episode "Q2". He has also appeared in several other popular television shows such as "Ally McBeal" and "The Drew Carey Show". Keegan has one brother, Owen de Lancie (born 1987).
Robert Todd Duncan (February 12, 1903 – February 28, 1998) was an American baritone opera singer and actor. One of the first African-Americans to sing with a major opera company, Duncan is also noted for appearing as Porgy in the premier production of "Porgy and Bess" (1935).
After returning to the United States, Kerry joined the Vietnam Veterans Against the War (VVAW). Then numbering about 20,000, VVAW was considered by some (including the administration of President Richard Nixon) to be an effective, if controversial, component of the antiwar movement. Kerry participated in the "Winter Soldier Investigation" conducted by VVAW of U.S. atrocities in Vietnam, and he appears in a film by that name that documents the investigation. According to Nixon Secretary of Defense Melvin Laird, "I didn't approve of what he did, but I understood the protesters quite well", and he declined two requests from the Navy to court martial Reserve Lieutenant Kerry over his antiwar activity.
The series was produced by the same company that at the time was producing Australian versions of UK comedy shows "Father, Dear Father" and "Doctor in the House". The producer of these programs, William G. Stewart, had earlier produced a pilot episode for a UK situation comedy series based on a group of tea ladies and resurrected the concept as "The Tea Ladies" in Australia.
Sinzongo is a village in the Lobaye region in the Central African Republic southwest of the capital, Bangui and near the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Founded in 1992 as Changsha Hi-tech Development Area Zoomlion Construction Mechanical Industry Company, one of its first products were concrete pumps. The company grew out of a subsidiary founded in 1956 in Beijing, as part of the first Ministry of Machinery Industry, Ministry of Construction, Central Enterprise Work Committee.
Mankush is a town in western Ethiopia. Located in the Metekel Zone of the Benishangul-Gumuz Region, Mankush is the largest settlement in Guba woreda.
The 2013 Houphouët-Boigny stampede occurred as crowds departed a New Year's Eve fireworks display in the early hours of 1 January 2013 near the Félix Houphouët-Boigny Stadium in Abidjan, Ivory Coast. It resulted in 61 deaths and over 200 injuries, mostly women and children. This was the second time in four years that a fatal stampede occurred at the stadium.
In 2015, Serkis began playing Ulysses Klaue in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, beginning with Avengers: Age of Ultron, which will be followed by Black Panther (2018). Serkis has his own production company and motion capture workshop, The Imaginarium Studios in London, which he used for Jungle Book. He made his directorial debut with Imaginarium's 2017 film Breathe.
The 2001 motion picture Bridget Jones's Diary featured a cover version performed by Jamie O'Neal showing actress Renée Zellweger singing to it in the famous pajamas scene. This track is also played over the other Bridget Jones's Films Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason (film) and Bridget Jones's Baby.
Death to the Pixies was the first Pixies best-of compilation, released by 4AD in the UK on October 6, 1997 and 4AD/Elektra the following day in the United States to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the band's debut. It covered the years 1987 to 1991. It is now out of print, having been replaced by the 2004 compilation "". A limited edition of the compilation also included a second CD with a live performance taken from Vredenburg, Utrecht, Netherlands on September 25, 1990.
The John T. Loughran Bridge carries U.S. Route 9W (US 9W) over Rondout Creek between Kingston and Port Ewen, New York, United States. It also crosses over Ferry Street on the Kingston side. It is located just downriver from the historic Kingston-Port Ewen Suspension Bridge, which carried 9W until the Loughran Bridge was constructed. It is just upriver from where the Rondout empties into the Hudson River.
Over time, the relative power of these five nations fluctuated, which by the dawn of the 20th century had served to create an entirely different balance of power. Some, such as the United Kingdom and Prussia (as the founder of the newly formed German state), experienced continued economic growth and political power. Others, such as Russia and Austria-Hungary, stagnated. At the same time, other states were emerging and expanding in power, largely through the process of industrialization. These countries seeking to attain great power status were: Italy after the Risorgimento, Japan after the Meiji Restoration, and the United States after its civil war. By the dawn of the 20th century, the balance of world power had changed substantially since the Congress of Vienna. The Eight-Nation Alliance was a belligerent alliance of eight nations against the Boxer Rebellion in China. It formed in 1900 and consisted of the five Congress powers plus Italy, Japan, and the United States, representing the great powers at the beginning of 20th century.
Jefferson Davis was named provisional president on February 9, 1861, and assumed similar commander - in - chief responsibilities as would Lincoln; on November 6, 1861 Davis was elected President of the Confederate States of America under the Confederate Constitution. Alexander H. Stephens was appointed as Vice President of the Confederate States of America on February 18, 1861, and later assumed identical vice presidential responsibilities as Hannibal Hamlin did. Several men served the Confederacy as Secretary of War, including Leroy Pope Walker, Judah P. Benjamin, George W. Randolph, James Seddon, and John C. Breckinridge. Stephen Mallory was Confederate Secretary of the Navy throughout the conflict.
Oak Lawn is a suburb of Chicago, located southwest of the city. It shares borders with the city in two areas, but is surrounded mostly by other suburbs.
Charles "Big Chuck" Schodowski (born June 28, 1934) and "Lil' John" Rinaldi (born January 20, 1946) – together commonly known as Big Chuck and Lil' John – are a duo of entertainers who served as late-night horror hosts of The Big Chuck and Lil' John Show on television station WJW in Cleveland, Ohio from 1979 to 2007. In addition to hosting a movie with a live audience, they also performed original sketch comedy routines. At the end of each sketch was a very distinctive laugh (see external links section below) voiced by comedian/actor Jay Lawrence, who was a disc jockey for KYW radio in Cleveland during the early 1960s.
The Spy Who Dumped Me Theatrical release poster Directed by Susanna Fogel Produced by Brian Grazer Erica Huggins Written by Susanna Fogel David Iserson Starring Mila Kunis Kate McKinnon Justin Theroux Sam Heughan Gillian Anderson Music by Tyler Bates Cinematography Barry Peterson Edited by Johnathan Schwartz Production company Imagine Entertainment Lionsgate Bron Studios Distributed by Lionsgate Release date August 3, 2018 (2018 - 08 - 03) (United States) Running time 117 minutes Country United States Language English Budget $40 million Box office $72 million
This liberalization, however, fostered nationalist movements and ethnic disputes within the Soviet Union. It also led indirectly to the revolutions of 1989, in which Soviet-imposed communist regimes of the Warsaw Pact were peacefully toppled (Romania excepted), which in turn increased pressure on Gorbachev to introduce greater democracy and autonomy for the Soviet Union's constituent republics. Under Gorbachev's leadership, the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in 1989 introduced limited competitive elections to a new central legislature, the Congress of People's Deputies (although the ban on other political parties was not lifted until 1990).
General Santos, located on the shores of Sarangani Bay, is the most populous city in the region, but is governed independently from the province. The province of Sarangani used to be part of South Cotabato until it was made an independent province in 1992.
Dangerous Years is a 1947 American drama film produced by Sol M. Wurtzel, directed by Arthur Pierson, starring Billy Halop and Ann E. Todd. Marilyn Monroe makes her first on screen appearance as Evie the waitress in the restaurant scene.
Llamoso (Ḷḷamousu, in asturian language) is one of 15 parishes (administrative divisions) in Belmonte de Miranda, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Super Bowl XXXII was an American football game played between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Green Bay Packers (who were defending their Super Bowl XXXI championship) and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Denver Broncos to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1997 season. The Broncos defeated the Packers by the score of 31–24. The game was played on January 25, 1998 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California, the second time that the Super Bowl was held in that city. Super Bowl XXXII also made Qualcomm Stadium the only stadium in history to have the Super Bowl and the World Series in the same year.
Hurricane Charley was the first of four individual hurricanes to produce winds of at least 75 mph in Florida in a single season -- Frances, Ivan, and Jeanne. It was the third named storm, the second hurricane, and the second major hurricane of the 2004 Atlantic hurricane season. Charley lasted from August 9 to August 15, and at its peak intensity it attained 150 mph (240 km / h) winds, making it a strong Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir - Simpson Hurricane Scale. It made landfall in southwestern Florida at maximum strength, making it the strongest hurricane to hit the United States since Hurricane Andrew struck Florida in 1992.
Bonogin is a hinterland locality of City of Gold Coast in South East Queensland, Australia. According to the 2011 census it had a population of 4,182. It is on the edge of the Gold Coast hinterland. It is about away from Brisbane.
Kobe Bean Bryant (born August 23, 1978) is an American retired professional basketball player and businessman. He played his entire 20 - year career with the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He entered the NBA directly from high school and won five NBA championships with the Lakers. Bryant is an 18 - time All - Star, 15 - time member of the All - NBA Team, and 12 - time member of the All - Defensive team. He led the NBA in scoring during two seasons, and ranks third on the league's all - time regular season scoring and fourth on the all - time postseason scoring list. He holds the NBA record for the most seasons playing with one franchise for an entire career, and is widely regarded as one of the greatest basketball players of all time. Bryant is the first guard in NBA history to play for at least 20 seasons.
In the following four years, 37 states enacted new death penalty laws aimed at overcoming the court's concerns about arbitrary imposition of the death penalty. Several statutes that mandated bifurcated trials, with separate guilt - innocence and sentencing phases, and imposing standards to guide the discretion of juries and judges in imposing capital sentences, were upheld in a series of Supreme Court decisions in 1976, led by Gregg v. Georgia. Other statutes enacted in response to Furman, such as Louisiana's which mandated imposition of the death penalty upon conviction of a certain crime, were struck down in cases of that same year.
"The Chisholms" is akin to the unsuccessful 1977 NBC venture, "The Oregon Trail". In that series, Rod Taylor's character of Evan Thorpe, a widowed father, leaves Illinois in 1842 to seek a new life for his three children in Oregon.
Upon independence in August 1947, the title of Viceroy was abolished. The representative of the British Sovereign became known once again as the Governor - General. C. Rajagopalachari became the only Indian Governor - General. However, once India acquired independence, the Governor - General's role became almost entirely ceremonial, with power being exercised on a day - to - day basis by the Indian cabinet. After the nation became a republic in 1950, the President of India continued to perform the same functions.
Ma Thanegi records that the first use of the name 'Mranma' for the country is to be found on a 3 feet (91 cm) high stone inscription dated 597 ME (Traditional Burmese calendar) or 1235 CE. The stone is from the reign of Kyaswa, (1234 - 1250) son of King Htilominlo (Nadaungmya), Bagan. It is written in early Burmese script. Although the middle of the front side of this stone is damaged, the first line of the better - protected reverse side clearly shows မြန်မာပြည် (``Mranma kingdom ''). The inscription is known as the 'Yadana Kon Htan Inscription'. At present it is in Bagan recorded as stone number 43 in the Archaeological Department's collection.
The Paul Reiser Show is an American sitcom that originally aired on NBC. In May 2010, NBC announced that it had approved the series for the 2010–11 television season, with the half-hour comedy expected to premiere as a midseason replacement. The series premiered on April 14, 2011, at 8:30 pm. Due to extremely low ratings, the program was canceled on April 22, 2011, after only two episodes.
Tan Suee Chieh’s directorships include International Cooperative and Mutual Insurance Federation and Allnations Board. Tan Suee Chieh is also the Co-chairman of the Institute of Service Excellence@SMU, Vice Chairman of the Singapore Children’s Society Executive Committee, a member of the Board of Governors of the Asia Pacific Risk and Insurance Association, Advisory Board Member of the Centre for Strategic Leadership at National University of Singapore and Sim Kee Boon Institute for Financial Economics at Singapore Management University, and Trustee of the Singapore London School of Economics (LSE) Trust.
Clark and Michael is a CBS Internet television series created by and starring Clark Duke and Michael Cera. The series takes the form of a mockumentary following Duke and Cera's ambitions to write and sell a pilot for a television series.
Bigg Boss is a Hindi (Bollywood) adaption of Big Brother created in Netherlands by John de Mol Jr., largely based on the Celebrity Big Brother model owned by the Endemol Shine Group. The show was named Bigg Boss and a house was constructed for the purpose of the show at Lonavla in Maharashtra. Bigg Boss debuted on television in 2006 through Sony Entertainment Television with Arshad Warsi as the host. The show gained popularity after Shilpa Shetty emerged as the winner in Celebrity Big Brother 5 (UK) and replaced Warsi as the host in the second season of Bigg Boss. From the second season, the show has moved to Viacom 18's Colors.
Tennessee (i/tɛnᵻˈsiː/) (Cherokee: ᏔᎾᏏ, Tanasi) is a state located in the southeastern United States. Tennessee is the 36th largest and the 17th most populous of the 50 United States. Tennessee is bordered by Kentucky and Virginia to the north, North Carolina to the east, Georgia, Alabama, and Mississippi to the south, and Arkansas and Missouri to the west. The Appalachian Mountains dominate the eastern part of the state, and the Mississippi River forms the state's western border. Tennessee's capital and second largest city is Nashville, which has a population of 601,222. Memphis is the state's largest city, with a population of 653,450.
Southwest City is a city in McDonald County, Missouri, United States. The population was 937 at the 2010 census, at which time it was a town. It is part of the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers, AR-MO Metropolitan Statistical Area and is located in the southwestern corner of the state of Missouri.
At the end of the 16th century, England and the Netherlands began to challenge Portugal's monopoly of trade with Asia, forming private joint-stock companies to finance the voyages—the English, later British, East India Company and the Dutch East India Company, chartered in 1600 and 1602 respectively. The primary aim of these companies was to tap into the lucrative spice trade, an effort focused mainly on two regions; the East Indies archipelago, and an important hub in the trade network, India. There, they competed for trade supremacy with Portugal and with each other. Although England ultimately eclipsed the Netherlands as a colonial power, in the short term the Netherlands' more advanced financial system and the three Anglo-Dutch Wars of the 17th century left it with a stronger position in Asia. Hostilities ceased after the Glorious Revolution of 1688 when the Dutch William of Orange ascended the English throne, bringing peace between the Netherlands and England. A deal between the two nations left the spice trade of the East Indies archipelago to the Netherlands and the textiles industry of India to England, but textiles soon overtook spices in terms of profitability, and by 1720, in terms of sales, the British company had overtaken the Dutch.
The C. K. Schoonmaker Stone House is located on Queens Highway near the hamlet of Kerhonkson, New York, United States, in the Ulster County town of Rochester. It is a stone bank house erected in the early 19th century.
Rob De Luca is an American bassist, vocalist, songwriter and producer. De Luca is best known for playing in UFO and as a founding member of Spread Eagle. He has also toured with Sebastian Bach, OF EARTH and Helmet.
The 1975–76 Coppa Italia was the 29th season of Coppa Italia, the major Italian domestic association football cup. The competition was won by Napoli, who defeated Verona in a one-legged final played at the Stadio Olimpico in Rome.
Antigonus II, a student of Zeno of Citium, spent most of his rule defending Macedon against Epirus and cementing Macedonian power in Greece, first against the Athenians in the Chremonidean War, and then against the Achaean League of Aratus of Sicyon. Under the Antigonids, Macedonia was often short on funds, the Pangaeum mines were no longer as productive as under Philip II, the wealth from Alexander's campaigns had been used up and the countryside pillaged by the Gallic invasion. A large number of the Macedonian population had also been resettled abroad by Alexander or had chosen to emigrate to the new eastern Greek cities. Up to two thirds of the population emigrated, and the Macedonian army could only count on a levy of 25,000 men, a significantly smaller force than under Philip II.
The Carnival of Las Palmas (also Carnival of Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is one of the most famous Carnivals in Spain. The event is held each February and hosted by Las Palmas de Gran Canaria. Events include the Queen Gala and Draq Queen Gala. The main parade, or "Cabalgata", is viewed by 200,000 people every year along with its six kilometer route across the city.
Sons of Shiva is a 1985 American documentary film by ethnographic filmmaker Robert Gardner and Askos Ostor, about the worship of the God Shiva, features practices of Hindu worship and devotion, a four-day Gajan ceremony, a Sacred Thread ceremony in Bishnupur and Baul singers of Bengal. It was the first film of "Pleasing God" trilogy of films about Hindu worship produced by Harvard's Film Study Center. It was followed by "Forest of Bliss" (1986) set in Benaras (Varanasi).
The Jazz Skyline is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1956 and released on the Savoy label.
Character 1987 Off - Broadway cast 1st National Tour cast 2nd National Tour cast 1989 Film cast Original West End cast 2010 Broadway cast West End revival cast Australian Tour Cast Daisy Werthan Dana Ivey Julie Harris Rosemary Prinz Jessica Tandy Wendy Hiller Vanessa Redgrave Angela Lansbury Hoke Coleburn Morgan Freeman Brock Peters Ted Lange Morgan Freeman Clarke Peters James Earl Jones Boolie Werthan Ray Gill Stephen Root Fred Sanders Dan Aykroyd Barry Foster Boyd Gaines
The Cathedral Basilica of Saint Cecilia (French: "Basilique Cathédrale Sainte-Cécile d'Albi"), also known as Albi Cathedral, is the most important Catholic building in Albi, France and is the seat of the Catholic Archbishop of Albi. First built as a fortress in the aftermath of the Albigensian Crusade; begun in 1282 and under construction for 200 years, it is claimed to be the largest brick building in the world.
Battle of Fredericksburg Part of the American Civil War Battle of Fredericksburg: the Army of the Potomac crossing the Rappahannock River in the morning of December 13, 1862, by Kurz and Allison (1888) Date December 11 -- 15, 1862 Location Spotsylvania County and Fredericksburg, Virginia 38 ° 17 ′ 58 ''N 77 ° 28 ′ 14'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 38.2995 ° N 77.4705 ° W ﻿ / 38.2995; - 77.4705 Coordinates: 38 ° 17 ′ 58 ''N 77 ° 28 ′ 14'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 38.2995 ° N 77.4705 ° W ﻿ / 38.2995; - 77.4705 Result Confederate victory Belligerents United States (Union) Confederate States Commanders and leaders Ambrose E. Burnside Robert E. Lee Thomas J. Jackson Units involved Army of the Potomac Army of Northern Virginia Strength 122,009 114,000 engaged (estimated) 78,513 72,500 engaged (estimated) Casualties and losses 12,653 1,284 killed 9,600 wounded 1,769 captured / missing 5,377 608 killed 4,116 wounded 653 captured / missing
Beaver Dam High School is a public high school located in Beaver Dam, Wisconsin. It is a part of the Beaver Dam Unified School District. it had an enrollment of 1,045 students. Its mascot is the Golden Beaver.
The United States Navy's ``Sea, Air, and Land ''Teams, commonly abbreviated as the Navy SEALs, are the U.S. Navy's primary special operations force and a component of the Naval Special Warfare Command. Among the SEALs' main functions are conducting small - unit maritime military operations that originate from, and return to, a river, ocean, swamp, delta, or coastline. The SEALs are trained to operate in all environments (Sea, Air, and Land) for which they are named.
The Dean of Wolverhampton was the head of the chapter of Canons at St. Peter's Collegiate Church, Wolverhampton until the chapter was disestablished in 1846. The collegiate church was, until that point, a Royal Peculiar falling outside of the diocesan and provincial structures of the Church of England. Today, the church is district church within a team parish led by a rector, although it has its own vicar and curate within the team.
The Exile (1947) is a adventure romantic film directed by Max Ophüls, and produced, written by, and starring Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.. Rita Corday (billed as "Paule Croset") played the romantic interest. According to Robert Osborne, the primary host of Turner Classic Movies, María Montez had a stipulation in her contract that she had to have top billing in any film in which she appeared, so her name comes first in the opening credits, despite her secondary role. The movie is based on the novel "His Majesty, the King: A Romantic Love Chase of the Seventeenth Century" by Cosmo Hamilton.
Elliot Sperling, a specialist of Indian studies and the director of the Tibetan Studies program at Indiana University’s Department of Central Eurasia Studies, writes that "the idea that Tibet became part of China in the 13th century is a very recent construction." He writes that Chinese writers of the early 20th century were of the view that Tibet was not annexed by China until the Manchu Qing dynasty invasion during the 18th century. He also states that Chinese writers of the early 20th century described Tibet as a feudal dependency of China, not an integral part of it. Sperling states that this is because "Tibet was ruled as such, within the empires of the Mongols and the Manchus" and also that "China's intervening Ming dynasty ... had no control over Tibet." He writes that the Ming relationship with Tibet is problematic for China’s insistence of its unbroken sovereignty over Tibet since the 13th century. As for the Tibetan view that Tibet was never subject to the rule of the Yuan or Qing emperors of China, Sperling also discounts this by stating that Tibet was "subject to rules, laws and decisions made by the Yuan and Qing rulers" and that even Tibetans described themselves as subjects of these emperors.
The Secretary of State for India or India Secretary was the British Cabinet minister and the political head of the India Office responsible for the governance of the British Raj (India), Aden, and Burma. The post was created in 1858 when the East India Company's rule in Bengal ended and India except for the Princely States was brought under the direct administration of the government in London, beginning the official colonial period under the British Empire.
Tim Sherrill (born September 10, 1965) is a former Major League Baseball (MLB) left-handed relief pitcher who played in 18 games for the St. Louis Cardinals from 1990–1991.
In 2004, Lionsgate Entertainment announced that a Black Widow motion picture, featuring the Natasha Romanova version, was in the script stage by screenwriter - director David Hayter. Lionsgate subsequently dropped the project. The Ultimate version of Black Widow appears in the Ultimate Avengers animated direct - to - video movie and its sequel, Ultimate Avengers 2, voiced by Olivia d'Abo. Scarlett Johansson portrays Natasha Romanoff / Black Widow in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, beginning in 2010. Johansson made her debut appearance in Iron Man 2. She was cast after a scheduling conflict forced Emily Blunt to drop out of the part. Johansson reprised the role in The Avengers (2012), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Captain America: Civil War (2016), Avengers: Infinity War (2018) and will do so again for Infinity War's untitled 2019 sequel. Feige indicated interest in doing a solo Black Widow film in September 2010 and in February 2014, development work had begun on it, with Jac Schaeffer hired in January 2018 to write the script. That July, Cate Shortland was hired to direct. Previously, director Neil Marshall had expressed interest in directing the film. Black Widow appears in the 2013 direct - to - video anime film Iron Man: Rise of Technovore, voiced by Clare Grant. Black Widow teams up with The Punisher in the anime film Avengers Confidential: Black Widow & Punisher, voiced by Jennifer Carpenter.
Larkin's Hundred, also known as The Castle, is a historic home at Harwood, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story brick house. Although tradition holds that it was built in 1704 by Thomas Larkin, a son of John Larkin of nearby Larkin's Hill Farm, evidence suggest it was actually constructed in the second quarter of the 18th century for Captain Joseph Cowman, a mariner and wealthy Quaker. A white clapboard kitchen wing at the west end was added in 1870. A noteworthy interior feature is a graceful stairway of American walnut.
In the 2015 US News & World Report America's Best Graduate Schools, the law school is ranked 18th nationally, out of over 180 law schools. In particular, its Clinical Education Program is currently ranked 4th in the nation. This year, the median score placed the average student in the 96th percentile of test takers. The law school offers a full-time day program, beginning in August, for the J.D. degree. The law school is located in a state-of-the-art building, Anheuser-Busch Hall (opened in 1997). The building combines traditional architecture, a five-story open-stacks library, an integration of indoor and outdoor spaces, and the latest wireless and other technologies. National Jurist ranked Washington University 4th among the "25 Most Wired Law Schools."
The interchange consists of a National Rail station, a London Underground station and two bus stations, all interconnected. The main entrances are by the eastern bus station on Station Place. The National Rail ticket office here lies in between one entrance marked by the Underground roundel symbol, while the other is marked by the National Rail symbol, and provides direct access to the main line platforms. There is another exit by the western bus station along Wells Terrace, incorporating the Underground ticket office, plus a narrow side entrance to the south on the A503 Seven Sisters Road. The complex is located in Travelcard Zone 2.
Eve Drewelowe (1899–1988) was an American painter. Her career spanned six decades and produced more than 1,000 works of art in oil, watercolor, pen and ink and other media in styles that included impressionism, social realism and abstraction.
In algebraic geometry, Lang's theorem, introduced by Serge Lang, states: if "G" is a connected smooth algebraic group over a finite field formula_1, then, writing formula_2 for the Frobenius, the morphism of varieties
The Storming of the Bastille (French: Prise de la Bastille (pʁiz də la bastij)) occurred in Paris, France, on the afternoon of 14 July 1789. The medieval fortress, armory, and political prison in Paris known as the Bastille represented royal authority in the center of Paris. The prison contained just seven inmates at the time of its storming but was a symbol of abuses by the monarchy; its fall was the flashpoint of the French Revolution.
The Washington Post is an American daily newspaper founded on December 6, 1877. It is the largest newspaper published in Washington, D.C., the capital city of the United States, and has a particular emphasis on national politics. Its slogan is ``Democracy Dies in Darkness. ''Daily broadsheet editions are printed for the District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia.
Going to the Mat is a 2004 Disney Channel Original Movie. It debuted on Disney Channel on March 19, 2004.
Pierre Joffroy (born 1929 in Lorraine, France) is a French author, dramaturge and journalist who wrote for "Paris Match", "Libération" and "L'Express". At present he lives in Paris.
Richmond city government consists of a city council with representatives from nine districts serving in a legislative and oversight capacity, as well as a popularly elected, at-large mayor serving as head of the executive branch. Citizens in each of the nine districts elect one council representative each to serve a four-year term. Beginning with the November 2008 election Council terms was lengthened to 4 years. The city council elects from among its members one member to serve as Council President and one to serve as Council Vice President. The city council meets at City Hall, located at 900 E. Broad St., 2nd Floor, on the second and fourth Mondays of every month, except August.
Lostock Dam is a minor rockfill and clay core embankment dam with a concrete lined, flip bucket spillway across the Paterson River upstream of the village of East Gresford in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia. The dam's purpose includes flood mitigation, irrigation, water supply and conservation. Mini hydro-power facilities were retrofitted in 2010. The impounded reservoir is also called Lostock Dam.
The Bourne Ultimatum is the third Jason Bourne novel written by Robert Ludlum and a sequel to "The Bourne Supremacy" (1986). First published in 1990, it was the last Bourne novel to be written by Ludlum himself. Eric Van Lustbader wrote a sequel titled "The Bourne Legacy" fourteen years later.
William Melling (born 30 November 1994) is a British actor, most known for his roles in "Vanity Fair" and the "Harry Potter" film series.
Malwida von Meysenbug (28 October 1816 — 23 April 1903) was a German writer, her work including "Memories of an Idealist", the first volume of which she published anonymously in 1869. As well, she was a friend of Friedrich Nietzsche and Richard Wagner, and met the French writer Romain Rolland in Rome in 1890.
Brooks also acted in other writers' and directors' films during the 1980s and 1990s. He had a cameo in the opening scene of "", playing a driver whose passenger (Dan Aykroyd) has a shocking secret. In James L. Brooks's hit "Broadcast News" (1987), Albert Brooks was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for playing an insecure, supremely ethical network TV reporter, who offers the rhetorical question, "Wouldn't this be a great world if insecurity and desperation made us more attractive?" He also won positive notices for his role in 1998's "Out of Sight", playing an untrustworthy banker and ex-convict.
Acral necrosis is a symptom common in bubonic plague. The striking black discoloration of skin and tissue, primarily on the extremities (``acral ''), is commonly thought to have given rise to the name`` Black Death,'' associated both with the disease and the pandemic which occurred in the 14th century. The term in fact came from the figural sense of ``black '', that is ghastly, lugubrious or dreadful.
Jacques Duchaussoy is a French author of books on religion and literature. Among his works are "Bacon, Shakespeare ou Saint-Germain" (1962), a non-fiction book that discussed the possibility of Francis Bacon ghost writing for Shakespeare and Cervantes; "Le Bestiaire divin ou la Symbolique des animaux" (1993, ); and "La tradition primordiale dans les religions" (1990, ). He also wrote for the magazine "Atlantis.
Alexander the Last is a 2009 American drama film directed by Joe Swanberg. The film is a drama about a married actress and her sister.
Rebecca appears in the Hebrew Bible as the wife of Isaac and the mother of Jacob and Esau. According to biblical tradition, Rebecca was the daughter of Bethuel the Aramean from Paddan Aram, also called Aram - Naharaim, and sister of Laban the Aramean. She was the grand daughter of Milcah (Sarah's sister according to Talmudic teachings) and Nahor (brother of Abraham). Rebecca and Isaac were one of the four couples that some believe are buried in the Cave of the Patriarchs, the other three being Adam and Eve, Abraham and Sarah, and Jacob and Leah.
The Infiniti Kuraza is a concept car designed by Nissan, under the Infiniti brand at the Nissan Technical Center in Atsugi, Japan, headed by product design director Kojii Nagano. It made its world debut in Detroit, at the 2005 North American International Auto Show. The Infiniti Kuraza ultimately never made it to production.
Born in England of South Korean parents, Joo began his formal training in the UK at the Yehudi Menuhin School with Peter Norris and Seta Tanyel and later earned his Bachelor and Master of Music degrees from Manhattan School of Music, where he studied with Nina Svetlanova. Other teachers include Richard Goode and Oleg Maisenberg.
South Africa have played at six of the eight Rugby World Cup tournaments, having been unable to compete in the first two tournaments due to a sports boycott during the apartheid era. Following the end of apartheid, they hosted the 1995 Rugby World Cup and won the tournament, and were champions again at the 2007 tournament in France. With two tournament wins, they are one of the three best performing teams, along with Australia who have also won twice, and New Zealand with three wins, the only team to do better.
The North African elephant ("Loxodonta africana pharaohensis") was a subspecies of the African bush elephant ("Loxodonta africana"), or possibly a separate elephant species, that existed in North Africa, north of the Sahara, until becoming extinct in Roman times. These were the famous war elephants used by Carthage in the Punic Wars, their conflict with the Roman Republic. Although the subspecies has been formally described, it has not been widely recognized by taxonomists. Other names for this animal include the "North African forest elephant", "Carthaginian elephant", and "Atlas elephant". Originally, its natural range probably extended across North Africa and down to the present Sudanese and Eritrean coasts.
She was born in Fort Walton Beach, and was the first female student admitted to the School of Pharmacy at what is today Auburn University, and was then Alabama Polytechnic Institute. She graduated in 1944 at the top of her class with Phi Kappa Phi and Cardinal Key honors. She later became one of the first women licensed to practice pharmacy in Florida. She was also licensed to practice pharmacy in Alabama.
Sylvan Beach Union Chapel is a historic interdenominational church building located at Sylvan Beach in Oneida County, New York. It opened on July 3, 1887 and worship services have been held there every summer since then. The film "The Sterile Cuckoo" starring Liza Minnelli was shot in part at the church.
Signals, Calls, and Marches is an EP and the debut release by American post-punk band Mission of Burma. It was released in 1981 by record label Ace of Hearts.
Ted Laurent (born January 1, 1988) is a Canadian football defensive lineman who is currently a member of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League. He was drafted in the second round in the 2011 CFL supplemental draft, costing the Edmonton Eskimos a second round draft choice in the 2012 CFL Draft. He signed with the team on June 2, 2011. He played college football with the Ole Miss Rebels. He was awarded the Lew Hayman Trophy in 2014 for being the most outstanding Canadian player in the East Division.
Yao was pressured to enter the NBA draft in 1999 by Li Yaomin, the deputy general manager of the Shanghai Sharks. Li also influenced Yao to sign a contract for Evergreen Sports Inc. to serve as his agent. The agreement entitled Evergreen to 33% of Yao's earnings, but the contract was later determined to be invalid.When Yao decided to enter the 2002 NBA draft, a group of advisers was formed that came to be known as "Team Yao". The team consisted of Yao's negotiator, Erik Zhang; his NBA agent, Bill Duffy; his Chinese agent, Lu Hao; University of Chicago economics professor John Huizinga; and the vice president for marketing at BDA Sports Management, Bill Sanders. Yao was widely predicted to be picked number one overall. However, some teams were concerned about Yao's NBA eligibility because of uncertainty over whether the CBA would let Yao play in the United States.Shortly after Wang Zhizhi refused to return to China to play for the national team and was subsequently banned from playing for China, the CBA stipulated that Yao would have to return to play for the national team. They also said they would not let him go to the United States unless the Houston Rockets would take him first overall. After assurances from Team Yao that the Rockets would draft Yao with their number one pick, the CBA gave permission on the morning of the draft for Yao to play in the U.S. When the Rockets selected Yao with the first pick of the draft, he became the first international player ever to be selected first overall without having previously played U.S. college basketball.
WHRZ-LP (104.1 FM) also known as The Z, is a non-commercial low-power FM radio station located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. The station is licensed by the FCC to broadcast with an ERP of 47 watts (.047 kW).
Mike Trout Trout in 2018 Los Angeles Angels -- No. 27 Center fielder Born: (1991 - 08 - 07) August 7, 1991 (age 27) Vineland, New Jersey Bats: Right Throws: Right MLB debut July 8, 2011, for the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim MLB statistics (through September 22, 2018) Batting average. 307 Hits 1,187 Home runs 240 Runs batted in 648 Stolen bases 189 Teams Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim / Los Angeles Angels (2011 -- present) Career highlights and awards 7 × All - Star (2012 -- 2018) 2 × AL MVP (2014, 2016) AL Rookie of the Year (2012) 5 × Silver Slugger Award (2012 -- 2016) AL Hank Aaron Award (2014) AL RBI leader (2014) AL stolen base leader (2012) 30 -- 30 club (2012) Hit for the cycle on May 21, 2013
In 1998, Netscape launched what was to become the Mozilla Foundation in an attempt to produce a competitive browser using the open source software model. That browser would eventually evolve into Firefox, which developed a respectable following while still in the beta stage of development; shortly after the release of Firefox 1.0 in late 2004, Firefox (all versions) accounted for 7% of browser use. As of August 2011, Firefox has a 28% usage share.
This list of kings and queens of the Kingdom of England begins with Alfred the Great, King of Wessex, one of the petty kingdoms to rule a portion of modern England. Alfred styled himself King of the Anglo - Saxons and while he was not the first king to lay claim to rule all of the English, his rule represents the first unbroken line of Kings to rule the whole of England, the House of Wessex. The last monarch of a distinct kingdom of England was Queen Anne, who became Queen of Great Britain when England merged with Scotland to form a union in 1707. For monarchs after Queen Anne, see List of British monarchs.
There have been 44 high school draftees in the NBA Draft. Three draftees were selected first overall; Kwame Brown in 2001 NBA draft, LeBron James in 2003 and Dwight Howard in 2004 NBA draft. Two draftees went on to win the Rookie of the Year Award in their first season; LeBron James and 2002 draftee Amar'e Stoudemire. Three draftees went on to win the Most Valuable Player Award; Kevin Garnett in 2004, Kobe Bryant in 2008 and LeBron James in 2009, 2010, 2012, and 2013. Ten draftees have been selected to the All - Star Game while seven draftees have been selected to the All - NBA Team.
Freshman Greg Oden from Ohio State University was drafted first overall by the Portland Trail Blazers, who won the draft lottery. However, he missed the 2007 -- 08 season due to microfracture surgery on his right knee during the pre-season. Another freshman, Kevin Durant, was drafted second overall from the University of Texas by the Seattle SuperSonics, and went on to win the Rookie of the Year Award for the 2007 -- 08 season. Oden and Durant became the first freshmen to be selected with the top two picks in the draft. Al Horford, the son of former NBA player Tito Horford, was drafted third by the Atlanta Hawks. Of the three top picks, Durant and Horford were able to enjoy solid All - Star careers, while Oden was beset by numerous microfracture surgeries on both knees that limited him to only 82 games from 2008 to 2010.
Watanabe, who earned a degree in economics from Tokyo's Keio University, joined Toyota upon graduating from that university in 1964.
Mobile Computing and Communications Review (MC2R) is a peer-reviewed quarterly scientific journal and newsletter published by the ACM SIGMOBILE covering mobile computing and networking. The purpose of the journal is the rapid publication of completed or in-progress technical work, including articles dealing with both research and practice. The journal also covers the status of major international standards in the field, and news of conferences and other events.
``Michelle ''is a love ballad by the Beatles, composed principally by Paul McCartney, with the middle eight co-written with John Lennon. It is featured on their Rubber Soul album, released in December 1965. The song is unusual among Beatles recordings in that some of its lead vocals are in French, although`` Paperback Writer'' contains the backing vocals ``Frère Jacques ''.`` Michelle'' won the Grammy Award for Song of the Year in 1967 and has since become one of the best known and most often recorded of all Beatles songs.
18 Months is the third studio album by Scottish DJ and musician Calvin Harris. It was released on 26 October 2012 by Deconstruction, Fly Eye and Columbia Records. It marked Harris's first album where he does not regularly provide vocals on each song, instead producing the music and having guest singers sing for him, as Harris stated in late 2010 he did not intend to sing on his songs anymore. The album also shows a shift from Harris's usual nu disco-style songs, focusing more on an electro house style.
John Ancrum Winslow (19 November 1811 – 29 September 1873) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Mexican–American War and the American Civil War. He was in command of the steam sloop of war during her historic 1864 action off Cherbourg, France with the Confederate sea raider .
The name Vatican city was first used in the Lateran Treaty, signed on 11 February 1929, which established the modern city - state. The name is taken from Vatican Hill, the geographic location of the state. ``Vatican ''is derived from the name of an Etruscan settlement, Vatica or Vaticum meaning garden, located in the general area the Romans called vaticanus ager,`` Vatican territory''.
Iran has achieved a significant victory in London 2012 Olympics. Iranian Team has won 12 medals including 4 Gold Medals. This is the best performance of a Middle Eastern country ever in the history of Summer Olympics.
The son of a prominent regional land developer, McNaughton is a native of Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He graduated Central Dauphin East High School in 1981. He earned a degree in management and finance from Elizabethtown College in 1985 and a law degree from Widener University School of Law in 2003.
The CIA had different demands placed on it by the different bodies overseeing it. Truman wanted a centralized group to organize the information that reached him, the Department of Defense wanted military intelligence and covert action, and the State Department wanted to create global political change favorable to the US. Thus the two areas of responsibility for the CIA were covert action and covert intelligence. One of the main targets for intelligence gathering was the Soviet Union, which had also been a priority of the CIA's predecessors.
If You're Feeling Sinister is the second album by Scottish indie pop band Belle and Sebastian. It was released in 1996 on Jeepster Records in the United Kingdom and Matador Records in the United States. It received positive reviews.
The American Civil War (commonly known as the ``Civil War ''in the United States) was fought in the United States from 1861 to 1865. The result of a long - standing controversy over slavery, war broke out in April 1861, when Confederates attacked Fort Sumter in South Carolina, shortly after Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated. The nationalists of the Union proclaimed loyalty to the U.S. Constitution. They faced secessionists of the Confederate States of America, who advocated for states' rights to perpetual slavery and its expansion in the Americas.
While the traditional love - story structure begins when the romantic leads first encounter each other, How I Met Your Mother does not introduce Ted's wife (Cristin Milioti) until the eighth - season finale, and only announces her name (Tracy McConnell) during the series finale. The show instead focuses on Ted's prior relationships and his dissatisfaction with those women, thus setting the stage for his eventual happiness with Tracy.
BMW released the first iPod automobile interface, allowing drivers of newer BMW vehicles to control an iPod using either the built-in steering wheel controls or the radio head-unit buttons. Apple announced in 2005 that similar systems would be available for other vehicle brands, including Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, Nissan, Toyota, Alfa Romeo, Ferrari, Acura, Audi, Honda, Renault, Infiniti and Volkswagen. Scion offers standard iPod connectivity on all their cars.
Beckford's Tower, originally known as Lansdown Tower, is an architectural folly built in neo-classical style on Lansdown Hill, just outside Bath, Somerset, England. The tower and its attached railings are designated as a Grade I listed building. Along with the adjoining Lansdown Cemetery it is Grade II listed on the Register of Historic Parks and Gardens of special historic interest in England.
The Battle of Oudenarde (or Oudenaarde) was a battle in the War of the Spanish Succession fought on 11 July 1708 between the forces of Great Britain, the Dutch Republic and the Holy Roman Empire on the one side and those of France on the other. It took place at Oudenaarde (now in Belgium) and was a great victory for the allies.
WFBG (1290 AM) is a news/talk radio station broadcasting in Altoona, Pennsylvania. WFBG originally broadcast on the frequency of 1310 kilohertz and was known as "The Voice of the Alleghenies".
The San Luis Bridge, also known as State Bridge or Bridge over Culebra Creek, is a historic open spandrel arch bridge that crosses Culebra Creek in San Luis, Colorado. It was built in 1911 as a road bridge, but now serves pedestrian traffic. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Fox and the Hound is a 1981 American animated drama film produced by Walt Disney Productions and loosely based on the novel of the same name by Daniel P. Mannix. The 24th Disney animated feature film, the film tells the story of two unlikely friends, a red fox named Tod and a hound dog named Copper, who struggle to preserve their friendship despite their emerging instincts and the surrounding social pressures demanding them to be adversaries. Directed by Ted Berman, Richard Rich, and Art Stevens, the film features the voices of Mickey Rooney, Kurt Russell, Pearl Bailey, Jack Albertson, Sandy Duncan, Jeanette Nolan, Pat Buttram, John Fiedler, John McIntire, Dick Bakalyan, Paul Winchell, Keith Mitchell, and Corey Feldman.
Matthew Adam Garber (25 March 1956 -- 13 June 1977) was a British child actor, best known for his role as Michael Banks in the 1964 film Mary Poppins. He also starred in two other Disney films, The Three Lives of Thomasina and The Gnome - Mobile, all three times appearing alongside actress Karen Dotrice.
Charlemagne's court in Aachen was the centre of the cultural revival sometimes referred to as the "Carolingian Renaissance". Literacy increased, as did development in the arts, architecture and jurisprudence, as well as liturgical and scriptural studies. The English monk Alcuin (d. 804) was invited to Aachen and brought the education available in the monasteries of Northumbria. Charlemagne's chancery—or writing office—made use of a new script today known as Carolingian minuscule,[M] allowing a common writing style that advanced communication across much of Europe. Charlemagne sponsored changes in church liturgy, imposing the Roman form of church service on his domains, as well as the Gregorian chant in liturgical music for the churches. An important activity for scholars during this period was the copying, correcting, and dissemination of basic works on religious and secular topics, with the aim of encouraging learning. New works on religious topics and schoolbooks were also produced. Grammarians of the period modified the Latin language, changing it from the Classical Latin of the Roman Empire into a more flexible form to fit the needs of the church and government. By the reign of Charlemagne, the language had so diverged from the classical that it was later called Medieval Latin.
John Ritter voiced Clifford in all episodes. This was originally done by Brent Titcomb in the 1988 direct - to - video series. Generally speaking, Ritter's schedule dictated the production of Clifford the Big Red Dog. By the time the last of the 68 half - hour cartoons and the subsequent film Clifford's Really Big Movie were completed, Ritter was back on ABC's prime - time schedule, starring in 8 Simple Rules. Ritter's death on September 11, 2003 came less than a week before PBS debuted Clifford's Puppy Days, a show that kept Clifford's legacy going.
With help from his associate Marcellus Washburn (Buddy Hackett), Hill deliberately incites mass concern among the parents of River City that their young boys are being seduced into a world of sin and vice by the new pool table in town (``Ya Got Trouble ''). He convinces them that a boys' marching band is the only way to keep the boys of the town out of trouble, and begins collecting their money (`` 76 Trombones''). Hill anticipates that Marian (Shirley Jones), the town's librarian and piano instructor, will attempt to discredit him, so he sets out to seduce her into silence. Also in opposition to Hill is the town's Mayor Shinn (Paul Ford), the owner of the billiard parlor where the new pool table has been installed, who orders the school board (portrayed by the barbershop quartet, The Buffalo Bills) to obtain Hill's credentials. When they attempt to do so, Hill avoids their questions by teaching them to sing as a barbershop quartet via ``sustained talking. ''They are thereafter easily tricked by Hill into breaking into song whenever they ask for his credentials (`` Sincere'', ``Pick - a-Little, Talk - a-Little / Goodnight Ladies '', and`` Lida Rose'').
Varma Kalai (Tamil: வர்மக்கலை varmakkalai), is a Tamil Taditional art of vital points. It originated in Tamil Nadu. It is a component of traditional massage, alternative medicine, traditional yoga and martial arts in which the body's pressure points (Varmam) are manipulated to heal or cause harm. The healing application called Vaidhiya Murai is a part of used Siddha Medicine (siddha vaidyam). Its combat application is known as Adimurai, Adi Murai or Varma Adimurai meaning ``pressure - point striking '', and can be done either empty - handed or with a blunt weapon such as a stick or staff. Usually taught as an advanced stage of Tamils Fighting Systems, strikes are targeted at the nerves, veins, tendons, soft tissues or ligaments, organs and bone joints.
Formed in 1878, Everton were founding members of The Football League in 1888 and won their first league championship two seasons later. Following four league titles and two FA Cup wins, Everton experienced a lull in the immediate post World War Two period until a revival in the 1960s which saw the club win two league championships and an FA Cup. The mid-1980s represented their most recent period of sustained success, with two League Championship successes, an FA Cup, and the 1985 European Cup Winners' Cup. The club's most recent major trophy was the 1995 FA Cup. The club's supporters are known as Evertonians.
Vito Andolini Corleone is a fictional character in Mario Puzo's novel "The Godfather" and in the first two of Francis Ford Coppola's film trilogy. He is portrayed by Marlon Brando in "The Godfather" and then, as a young man, by Robert De Niro in "The Godfather Part II". He is an orphaned Sicilian immigrant who builds a Mafia empire. Upon his death, Michael, his youngest son, succeeds him as the don of the Corleone crime family.
"The Green Meadow" is a short story by H. P. Lovecraft and Winifred V. Jackson written in 1918/1919 and published in the spring 1927 issue of "The Vagrant". As in their other collaboration, "The Crawling Chaos", both authors used pseudonyms — the tale was published as by "Elizabeth Neville Berkeley" (Jackson) and "Lewis Theobald, Jun." (Lovecraft). Lovecraft wrote the entire text but Jackson is credited since it was based on a dream she had experienced.
"It's High Time" is a song written by Randy Goodrum and Brent Maher, and recorded by American country music artist Dottie West. It was released in October 1981 as the second single from the album "High Time".
The Kansas -- Nebraska Act divided the nation and pointed it toward civil war. The Act itself virtually nullified the Missouri Compromise of 1820. The turmoil over the act split both the Democratic and Whig parties and gave rise to the Republican Party, which split the United States into two major political camps, the Republican North and the Democratic South.
Yane Yanev (, born 22 April 1971) is a Bulgarian politician, leader of the center-right opposition party Order, Law and Justice and a member of the Bulgarian National Assembly. Known as an "anti-corruption hawk" that has brought to light many political scandals, Yanev is one of the most famous political players to emerge in Bulgaria in the past decade.
Ellen Vesta Emery Hamlin (September 14, 1835 – February 1, 1925) was the second wife of Vice President Hannibal Hamlin who served in the first term of the administration of President Abraham Lincoln. They were married a year after the death of his first wife Sarah Jane Emery in 1855 who was also her half-sister. She had two children with Hannibal Hamlin: Hannibal Emery, who later became the attorney general of Maine, and Frank. Hamlin also had four children from his first marriage: George Hamlin, Charles Hamlin, Cyrus Hamlin, and Sarah Hamlin Batchelder.
Granville is a village in Washington County, New York, United States. It is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. The village population was 2,644 at the 2000 census.
Indian Premier League (IPL) Countries India Administrator IPL Governing Council, BCCI Format Twenty20 First tournament 2008 Last tournament 2017 Next tournament 2018 Tournament format Double round - robin league and Playoffs Number of teams 8 Current champion Mumbai Indians (3rd title) Most successful Mumbai Indians (2013, 2015, 2017) Most runs Suresh Raina (4540) Most wickets Lasith Malinga (154) TV List of broadcasters Website iplt20.com 2017 IPL season
Texas A&M University (Texas A&M, TAMU / ˈtæmuː /, or A&M) is a coeducational public research university in College Station, Texas, United States. It is a state university and is a member of the Texas A&M University System. The Texas A&M system endowment is one of the 10 biggest in the nation. Texas A&M's student body is the largest in Texas and one of the largest in the United States. Texas A&M's designation as a land, sea, and space grant institution -- the only university in Texas to hold all three designations -- reflects a range of research with ongoing projects funded by organizations such as the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Institutes of Health, the National Science Foundation, and the Office of Naval Research. In 2001, Texas A&M was inducted as a member of the Association of American Universities. The school's students, alumni -- over 450,000 strong -- and sports teams are known as Aggies. The Texas A&M Aggies athletes compete in 18 varsity sports as a member of the Southeastern Conference.
Vinyl's lower surface noise level than shellac was not forgotten, nor was its durability. In the late 1930s, radio commercials and pre-recorded radio programs being sent to disc jockeys started being stamped in vinyl, so they would not break in the mail. In the mid-1940s, special DJ copies of records started being made of vinyl also, for the same reason. These were all 78 rpm. During and after World War II, when shellac supplies were extremely limited, some 78 rpm records were pressed in vinyl instead of shellac, particularly the six-minute 12-inch (30 cm) 78 rpm records produced by V-Disc for distribution to United States troops in World War II. In the 1940s, radio transcriptions, which were usually on 16-inch records, but sometimes 12-inch, were always made of vinyl, but cut at 33 1⁄3 rpm. Shorter transcriptions were often cut at 78 rpm.
Judaism shares some of the characteristics of a nation, an ethnicity, a religion, and a culture, making the definition of who is a Jew vary slightly depending on whether a religious or national approach to identity is used. Generally, in modern secular usage Jews include three groups: people who were born to a Jewish family regardless of whether or not they follow the religion, those who have some Jewish ancestral background or lineage (sometimes including those who do not have strictly matrilineal descent), and people without any Jewish ancestral background or lineage who have formally converted to Judaism and therefore are followers of the religion.
Beautiful Trio (大女人·小女人) is a Chinese language drama broadcast on Singapore's largest television network, MediaCorp TV Channel 8. The show was filmed in 2003 but broadcast in 2004. It stars Huang Biren , Ivy Lee , Stella Huang & Zhang Yaodong as the casts of the series.
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a 1971 American musical fantasy film directed by Mel Stuart, and starring Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka. It is an adaptation of the 1964 novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl. Dahl was credited with writing the film's screenplay; however, David Seltzer, who went uncredited in the film, was brought in to re-work Dahl's screenplay against his wishes, making major changes to the ending and adding musical numbers. These changes and other decisions made by the director led Dahl to disown the film.
Area codes 208 and 986 are the North American telephone area codes for all of Idaho. 208 is the main area code, and is one of the 86 original area codes created in 1947. It was Idaho's sole area code until 2017, when 986 was added as an overlay for the entire state.
Gonzalo Morales Sáurez was born in San José, Costa Rica, in 1945. He started his studies with his father, painter Gonzalo Morales Alvarado. Later, he travelled to Spain to continue his studies at the Royal Academy of Arts, in Madrid, Spain, and also at the School of Murals in San Cougat, Barcelona.
On April 2, 1917, President Woodrow Wilson asked a special joint session of the United States Congress for a declaration of war against the German Empire. Congress responded with the declaration on April 6.
According to Chen, the Ming officer of Hezhou (modern day Linxia) informed the Hongwu Emperor that the general situation in Dbus and Gtsang "was under control," and so he suggested to the emperor that he offer the second Phagmodru ruler, Jamyang Shakya Gyaltsen, an official title. According to the Records of the Founding Emperor, the Hongwu Emperor issued an edict granting the title "Initiation State Master" to Sagya Gyaincain, while the latter sent envoys to the Ming court to hand over his jade seal of authority along with tribute of colored silk and satin, statues of the Buddha, Buddhist scriptures, and sarira.
Ceraunius Fossae is an area of intensely fractured terrain in the northern Tharsis region of Mars. It lies directly south of the large volcano Alba Mons and consists of ancient highland crust that has been deformed by numerous parallel faults and tension cracks. In places, younger lava flows cover the fractured terrain, dividing it into several large patches or islands. It is found in the Tharsis quadrangle.
The Yamaha DragStar 650 "(also known as the V Star 650 and the XVS650/XVS650A)" is a motorcycle produced by Yamaha Motor Company.
Painting (Blue Star) () is a 1927 painting by the Catalan artist Joan Miró. In June 2012, it sold at auction for £23.5 million, setting a new record for the highest price paid for a painting by Miró.
Curtis Granderson Granderson with the Toronto Blue Jays in 2018 Toronto Blue Jays -- No. 18 Outfielder Born: (1981 - 03 - 16) March 16, 1981 (age 37) Blue Island, Illinois Bats: Left Throws: Right MLB debut September 13, 2004, for the Detroit Tigers MLB statistics (through July 7, 2018) Batting average. 252 Hits 1,711 Home runs 328 Runs batted in 893 Runs 1,145 Stolen bases 152 Teams Detroit Tigers (2004 -- 2009) New York Yankees (2010 -- 2013) New York Mets (2014 -- 2017) Los Angeles Dodgers (2017) Toronto Blue Jays (2018 -- present) Career highlights and awards 3 × All - Star (2009, 2011, 2012) Silver Slugger Award (2011) AL RBI leader (2011) Roberto Clemente Award (2016) 2 × Marvin Miller Man of the Year Award (2009, 2016)
Peer English is an academic journal established in 2006 and published annually by the Department of English at the University of Leicester and the English Association. "Peer English" exists "to interpret ‘literary studies’ as broadly as possible" with an "open and inclusive" approach and publishes "work that considers any literary period, and deploys the whole range of critical strategies used in the discipline today, from traditional close readings, to historically-grounded scholarship and cutting-edge theoretical or interdisciplinary analyses." The current editors are Barbara Cooke and Michael Jolliffe.
NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Tournament Current season, competition or edition: 2018 NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Tournament Sport Women's Basketball Founded 1982 No. of teams 64 Country NCAA Division I (USA) Most recent champion (s) South Carolina (1st) Most titles Connecticut (11) TV partner (s) ESPN, ESPN2, ESPNU, WatchESPN Official website NCAA.com
Mohamed Atta, the ringleader of the attacks, and a fellow hijacker, Abdulaziz al-Omari, arrived at Portland International Jetport at 05:41 Eastern Daylight Time on September 11, 2001. They boarded Colgan Air Flight 5930, which was scheduled to depart at 06:00 from Portland, Maine, and fly to Boston. Both hijackers had first class tickets with a connecting flight to Los Angeles; Atta checked in two bags, Omari none. When they checked in, the Computer-Assisted Passenger Prescreening System (CAPPS) selected Atta for extra luggage scrutiny, but he boarded without incident. The flight from Portland departed on time and arrived in Boston at 06:45. Three other hijackers, Waleed al-Shehri, Wail al-Shehri, and Satam al-Suqami, arrived at Logan Airport at 06:45, having left their rental car in the airport parking facility. At 06:52, Marwan al-Shehhi, the hijacker pilot of United Airlines Flight 175, made a call from a pay phone in Logan Airport to Atta's cell phone.Since they were not given boarding passes for Flight 11 in Portland, Atta and Omari checked in and went through security in Boston. In the rushed check-in after the flight from Portland, airline officials did not load Atta's bags on Flight 11. Suqami, Wail al-Shehri, and Waleed al-Shehri also checked in for the flight in Boston. Wail al-Shehri and Suqami each checked one bag; Waleed al-Shehri did not check any bags. CAPPS selected all three for a detailed luggage check. As the CAPPS' screening was only for luggage, the three hijackers did not undergo any extra scrutiny at the passenger security checkpoint.
Every employee hired after November 6, 1986 must complete an I - 9 form at the time of hire. Employees must complete Section 1 of the form upon commencing employment. The employer must complete Section 2 within three days of the employee's starting date at work. The employer is responsible for ensuring that the forms are completed properly and in a timely manner.
``The Farm ''is the seventeenth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the 192nd overall. It originally aired on NBC on March 14, 2013. The episode guest stars Matt Jones as Dwight's cousin Zeke, Majandra Delfino as Dwight's sister Fannie, Blake Garrett Rosenthal as his nephew, and Thomas Middleditch as his brother.
In an attempt at reform, Eritrean government officials and NGO representatives have participated in numerous public meetings and dialogues. In these sessions they have answered questions as fundamental as, "What are human rights?", "Who determines what are human rights?", and "What should take precedence, human or communal rights?" In 2007, the Eritrean government also banned female genital mutilation. In Regional Assemblies and religious circles, Eritreans themselves speak out continuously against the use of female circumcision. They cite health concerns and individual freedom as being of primary concern when they say this. Furthermore, they implore rural peoples to cast away this ancient cultural practice. Additionally, a new movement called Citizens for Democratic Rights in Eritrea aimed at bringing about dialogue between the government and opposition was formed in early 2009. The group consists of ordinary citizens and some people close to the government.
West Richwoods is an unincorporated community in Stone County, Arkansas, United States. West Richwoods is located on Arkansas Highway 9, southwest of Mountain View. The Samuel Brown House and the West Richwoods Church & School, which are both listed on the National Register of Historic Places, are located in West Richwoods.
The Rev. Edward Aloysius Malloy, C.S.C. (born May 3, 1941), nicknamed "Monk", served from 1987 to 2005 as the 16th president of the University of Notre Dame.
Michael Alphonsius Shen Fu-Tsung, also Michel Sin, Michel Chin-fo-tsoung, Shen Fo-tsung, Shen Fuzong (, died 1691), was a Chinese mandarin from Nanjing and a convert to Catholicism who was brought to Europe by the Flemish Jesuit priest Philippe Couplet, Procurator of the China Jesuit Missions in Rome. They left Macao in 1681 and visited together Flanders, Italy, France, and England. He later became a Jesuit in Portugal and died near Mozambique while returning home.
Benjamin Franklin Tracy (April 26, 1830August 6, 1915) was a United States political figure who served as Secretary of the Navy from 1889 through 1893, during the administration of U.S. President Benjamin Harrison.
Founded by free settlers from the British Crown colony of Van Diemen's Land on 30 August 1835, in what was then the colony of New South Wales, it was incorporated as a Crown settlement in 1837. It was named "Melbourne" by the Governor of New South Wales, Sir Richard Bourke, in honour of the British Prime Minister of the day, William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne. It was officially declared a city by Queen Victoria in 1847, after which it became the capital of the newly founded colony of Victoria in 1851. During the Victorian gold rush of the 1850s, it was transformed into one of the world's largest and wealthiest cities. After the federation of Australia in 1901, it served as the nation's interim seat of government until 1927.
Rhys Adrian Griffiths (28 February 1928 – 8 February 1990) was a British playwright and screenwriter. He is best known for his radio plays, which are characterised by their emphasis upon dialogue rather than narrative.
``I Want to Hold Your Hand ''is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. Written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, and recorded in October 1963, it was the first Beatles record to be made using four - track equipment.
The journal was established in 1961. Its founding editor-in-chief was English biologist James F. Danielli, who remained editor until his death in 1984. Other notable founding members of the Editorial Board included Melvin Calvin, Barry Commoner, Christian De Duve, Daniel Mazia, Jacques Monod, Conrad Waddington, and John Zachary Young. The "Journal of Theoretical Biology" is published by Elsevier and, , the editors-in-chief are Denise Kirschner (University of Michigan Medical School), Yoh Iwasa (Kyushu University), and Lewis Wolpert (University College London). According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2015 impact factor of 2.049.
``Can We Talk ''Single by Tevin Campbell from the album I'm Ready Released September 30, 1993 Format CD single Cassette single Recorded Genre R&B new jack swing Length 4: 45 Label Warner Bros. Songwriter (s) Babyface Daryl Simmons Producer (s) Babyface Tevin Campbell singles chronology`` One Song'' (1993) ``Can We Talk ''(1993)`` I'm Ready'' (1994) ``One Song ''(1993)`` Can We Talk'' (1993) ``I'm Ready ''(1994)
The abbey was restored to the Benedictines under the Catholic Mary I of England, but they were again ejected under Elizabeth I in 1559. In 1560, Elizabeth re-established Westminster as a "Royal Peculiar" – a church of the Church of England responsible directly to the Sovereign, rather than to a diocesan bishop – and made it the Collegiate Church of St Peter (that is, a non-cathedral church with an attached chapter of canons, headed by a dean.) The last of Mary's abbots was made the first dean.
Camille Cottin was born in Paris, but spent her teenage years in London before returning to France, where she became a high school English teacher. At the same time, she took classes at a theater and dramatic art school and then with the company "Théâtre du Voyageur". She played small roles in many films and television series. In 2009, she joined the "Troupe à Palmade". She appeared the same year in an advertisement for a Japanese telephone, directed by Wes Anderson with Brad Pitt, with music by Serge Gainsbourg with the song "Poupée de cire, poupée de son" sung by France Gall.
The Jackson family is an American family of singers who originated in Gary, Indiana. Performing as members of The Jackson 5 and as solo artists, the children of Joseph Walter and Katherine Esther Jackson were very successful in the field of popular music from the late 1960s onwards. As a group, the eldest sons Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, Randy and Michael, made the family's reputation, facilitating the subsequent success of siblings Rebbie, La Toya, and Janet. The Jackson 5 became known as the ``First Family of Soul ''(a title first held by the Five Stairsteps). The continued success of Michael and Janet's careers as solo artists led the Jacksons to become known as the`` Royal Family of Pop''. All nine of the Jackson siblings have gold records to their credits with La Toya holding the distinction of being the first Jackson sister to attain one (awarded by France's SNEP for ``Reggae Night '', a song she co-wrote for Jimmy Cliff).
Oulu–Kontiomäki railway is a railway line in Finland. The line is owned and maintained by the Finnish Rail Administration. It connects the city of Oulu to station at Kontiomäki, which is a junction of five railway lines in Paltamo municipality, approximately north from the city of Kajaani. The line is single-tracked and electrified with a total length of . The traffic is controlled via centralized traffic control by the operator located in Oulu rail traffic control center at Oulu railway station. The line follows the south shore of Oulu River.
Richard Cory-Wright was educated at Eton College. He graduated with a BSc degree from Birmingham University in 1965. Richard Cory-Wright gained the rank of Lieutenant in the Leicestershire and Derbyshire Yeomanry.
``Niagara ''The Office episode Episode no. Season 6 Episode 4 / 5 Directed by Paul Feig Written by Greg Daniels Mindy Kaling Production code 604 / 605 Original air date October 8, 2009 Running time 44 minutes Guest appearance (s) Linda Purl as Helene Beesly Anna Camp as Penny Beesly Kelen Coleman as Isabel Poreba Tug Coker as Pete Halpert Michelle Gunn as the hotel receptionist Rick Overton as William Beesly Robert Pine as Gerald Halpert Blake Robbins as Tom Halpert Bobby Ray Shafer as Bob Vance Perry Smith as Betsy Halpert Peggy Stewart as Sylvia Episode chronology ← Previous`` The Promotion'' Next → ``Mafia ''The Office (U.S. season 6) List of The Office (U.S. TV series) episodes
The settlement of Plympton, further up the River Plym than the current Plymouth, was also an early trading port, but the river silted up in the early 11th century and forced the mariners and merchants to settle at the current day Barbican near the river mouth. At the time this village was called Sutton, meaning south town in Old English. The name Plym Mouth, meaning "mouth of the River Plym" was first mentioned in a Pipe Roll of 1211. The name Plymouth first officially replaced Sutton in a charter of King Henry VI in 1440. See Plympton for the derivation of the name Plym.
Cape Knowles () is a cape rising to , marking the northern side of the entrance to Hilton Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by members of East Base of the U.S. Antarctic Service in 1940, and named for geologist Paul H. Knowles, leader of the East Base sledging party that surveyed this coast as far south as Hilton Inlet.
Chris LeDoux was a rodeo cowboy who sang and recorded songs in his spare time and sold his albums from the back of his truck. With his father, he started his own record label, American Cowboy Songs, in 1970. Under that label he released 22 albums between 1971 and 1990. After gaining recognition from the 1989 Garth Brooks song, "Much Too Young (To Feel This Damn Old)" he was signed to Liberty Records, where he released 4 studio albums in four years. He released 6 more albums including a live album under Capitol Records. "Horsepower" in 2003 was his last studio album before his death in 2005. Nine official compilation albums have been released between 1994 and 2008. "20 Greatest Hits" has been certified platinum by the RIAA.
Jean Isidore Harispe, 1st Comte Harispe (7 December 1768 – 26 May 1855) was a distinguished French soldier of the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, as well as of the following period. Harispe was created a Marshal of France in 1851.
The Hellenistic period covers the period of ancient Greek (Hellenic) history and Mediterranean history between the death of Alexander the Great in 323 BC and the emergence of the Roman Empire as signified by the Battle of Actium in 31 BC and the subsequent conquest of Ptolemaic Egypt the following year. At this time, Greek cultural influence and power was at its peak in Europe, Africa and Asia, experiencing prosperity and progress in the arts, exploration, literature, theatre, architecture, music, mathematics, philosophy, and science. For example, competitive public games took place, ideas in biology, and popular entertainment in theaters. It is often considered a period of transition, sometimes even of decadence or degeneration, compared to the enlightenment of the Greek Classical era. The Hellenistic period saw the rise of New Comedy, Alexandrian poetry, the Septuagint and the philosophies of Stoicism and Epicureanism. Greek Science was advanced by the works of the mathematician Euclid and the polymath Archimedes. The religious sphere expanded to include new gods such as the Greco-Egyptian Serapis, eastern deities such as Attis and Cybele and the Greek adoption of Buddhism.
Dr. Rózsa Hoffmann (born 22 January 1948) is a Hungarian politician and educator, Secretary of State for Education of the Ministry of National Resources from 2 June 2010 to 27 February 2013. She was appointed Secretary of State for Public Education on 28 February 2013, holding the office until June 2014.
Microsoft Windows was announced by Bill Gates on November 10, 1983. Microsoft introduced Windows as a graphical user interface for MS - DOS, which had been introduced a couple of years earlier. In the 1990s, the product line evolved from an operating environment into a fully complete, modern operating system over two lines of development, each with their own separate codebase.
Cvetko was born in Vučja Vas near Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia in 1920. He studied music at the Ljubljana Academy of Music and graduated in 1948. He also completed graduate studies in Prague and Paris. He worked at Triglav Film, the Slovene National Theatre Opera and Ballet Company, and the Slovenian Philharmonic Orchestra. He died in Ljubljana in 1999.
Pakistan's estimated population as of August 25, 2017 was 207.77 million people, making it the world's fifth-most - populous country, just behind Indonesia and slightly ahead of Brazil. During 1950 -- 2011, Pakistan's urban population expanded over sevenfold, while the total population increased by over fourfold. In the past, the country's population had a relatively high growth rate that has been changed by moderate birth rates. Between 1998 - 2017, the average population growth rate stood at 2.40%.
Lynell Hamilton (born August 5, 1985) is a former American football running back who has most recently worked as a graduate assistant at San Diego State University. He was signed by the New Orleans Saints as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at San Diego State.
The Wire Intertitle from season 2 Genre Crime drama Serial drama Created by David Simon Starring see List of The Wire characters Theme music composer Tom Waits Opening theme ``Way Down in the Hole ''by The Blind Boys of Alabama (season 1) Tom Waits (season 2) The Neville Brothers (season 3) DoMaJe (season 4) Steve Earle (season 5) Ending theme`` The Fall'' by Blake Leyh Country of origin United States Original language (s) English No. of seasons 5 No. of episodes 60 (list of episodes) Production Executive producer (s) David Simon Robert F. Colesberry Nina Kostroff Noble Producer (s) Karen L. Thorson Ed Burns Joe Chappelle George Pelecanos Eric Overmyer Location (s) Baltimore, Maryland Camera setup Single - camera Running time 55 -- 60 minutes 93 minutes (series finale) Production company (s) Blown Deadline Productions HBO Distributor Warner Bros. Television HBO Enterprises Release Original network HBO Picture format 480i (4: 3 SDTV) (original broadcast) 1080p (16: 9 HDTV) (2014 remaster) Audio format Dolby Digital 5.1 Original release June 2, 2002 (2002 - 06 - 02) -- March 9, 2008 (2008 - 03 - 09) External links Website
Chiang Hsiao-wen (; also known as Alan Chiang; 14 December 1935 – 14 April 1989) was the eldest son of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988. His mother is Faina Ipatyevna Vakhreva, also known as Chiang Fang-liang. He had one younger sister, Hsiao-chang, and two younger brothers, Hsiao-wu and Hsiao-yung. He had two half-brothers, Winston Chang and John Chiang, with whom he shared the same father.
Alfredo Ormando (15 December 1958 in San Cataldo – 23 January 1998 in Rome) was a gay writer from Palermo who died as a result of setting himself on fire outside Saint Peter's Basilica. His self-immolation was an act of protest against the Roman Catholic Church's ongoing condemnation of homosexuality.
Charles Frederick II of Württemberg-Oels (7 February 1690 in Merseburg – 14 December 1761 in Oleśnica) was a Duke of Oels-Württemberg and Regent of the Duchy of Württemberg.
The Church of the Immaculate Conception and Clergy House at 406-412 East 14th Street between First Avenue and Avenue A in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City were built in 1894-96 by Grace Church, one of the most prominent Episcopal churches in the city at the time. The buildings were a free chapel – meaning there was no pew rent – called Grace Chapel and a connected Grace Hospital, which could serve 16 senior citizens and 10 children, and was physically connected to the chapel by a bridge, so that patients could be wheeled to services.
Dietrich was curator at the Botanical Garden in Berlin and was an instructor at the institute of horticulture at Berlin-Schöneberg. From 1833 to 1856, with Christoph Friedrich Otto (1783–1856), he was publisher of "Allgemeine Gartenzeitung", a newspaper devoted to gardening.
By 1200, the Swiss plateau comprised the dominions of the houses of Savoy, Zähringer, Habsburg, and Kyburg. Some regions (Uri, Schwyz, Unterwalden, later known as Waldstätten) were accorded the Imperial immediacy to grant the empire direct control over the mountain passes. With the extinction of its male line in 1263 the Kyburg dynasty fell in AD 1264; then the Habsburgs under King Rudolph I (Holy Roman Emperor in 1273) laid claim to the Kyburg lands and annexed them extending their territory to the eastern Swiss plateau.
Love Kiya Aur Lag Gayi is an Indian Bollywood comedy movie, directed by Rahat Kazmi, starring Jennifer Winget, Vinod Dixit, Pawan Malhotra, Saurabh Shukla, Mukesh Tiwari, Dev Singh and Gagandeep Singh. It is going to release in Dec 2013.The shooting of the film completed in 2012. The climax scene was shot in August 2012 in Russian Villa in Malad west. 'Love Kiya Aur Lagg Gayi' is made under the banner of Shreeram Entertainment house and produced by Harish Sharma.
2018 Wimbledon Championships Date 2 -- 15 July Edition 132nd Grand Slam (ITF) Draw 128S / 64D / 48XD Prize money £34,000,000 Surface Grass Location Church Road SW19, Wimbledon, London, United Kingdom Venue All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club Champions Men's Singles Novak Djokovic Women's Singles Angelique Kerber Men's Doubles Mike Bryan / Jack Sock Women's Doubles Barbora Krejčíková / Kateřina Siniaková Mixed Doubles Alexander Peya / Nicole Melichar Boys' Singles Tseng Chun - hsin Girls' Singles Iga Świątek Boys' Doubles Yankı Erel / Otto Virtanen Girls' Doubles Wang Xinyu / Wang Xiyu Gentlemen's Invitation Doubles Tommy Haas / Mark Philippoussis Ladies' Invitation Doubles Kim Clijsters / Rennae Stubbs Senior Gentlemen's Invitation Doubles Jonas Björkman / Todd Woodbridge Wheelchair Men's Singles Stefan Olsson Wheelchair Women's Singles Diede de Groot Wheelchair Men's Doubles Alfie Hewett / Gordon Reid Wheelchair Women's Doubles Diede de Groot / Yui Kamiji Wheelchair Quad Doubles Andrew Lapthorne / David Wagner ← 2017 Wimbledon Championships 2019 →
Little Lake City is an unincorporated community in Gilchrist County, Florida, United States. It is located on the Suwannee River, approximately northwest of Bell.
The 1940s would prove a tumultuous and ultimately triumphant decade for the young club. In 1940, the team moved from Philadelphia Municipal Stadium to Shibe Park. Lud Wray's half - interest in the team was purchased by Art Rooney, who had just sold the Pittsburgh Steelers to Alexis Thompson. Soon thereafter, Bell / Rooney and Thompson swapped franchises, but not teams. Bell / Rooney's entire Eagles' corporate organization, including most of the players, moved to Pittsburgh (The Steelers' corporate name remained ``Philadelphia Football Club, Inc. ''until 1945) and Thompson's Steelers moved to Philadelphia, leaving only the team nicknames in their original cities. Since NFL franchises are territorial rights distinct from individual corporate entities, the NFL does not consider this a franchise move and considers the current Philadelphia Eagles as a single unbroken entity from 1933. (1)
The person having the greatest number of votes as Vice-President, shall be the Vice-President, if such number be a majority of the whole number of Electors appointed, and if no person have a majority, then from the two highest numbers on the list, the Senate shall choose the Vice-President; a quorum for the purpose shall consist of two - thirds of the whole number of Senators, and a majority of the whole number shall be necessary to a choice. But no person constitutionally ineligible to the office of President shall be eligible to that of Vice-President of the United States.
MV "Miralda" was one of nine Anglo Saxon Royal Dutch/Shell oil tankers converted to become a Merchant Aircraft Carrier (MAC ship). The group is collectively known as the "Rapana" class.
German philosophers have helped shape western philosophy from as early as the Middle Ages (Albertus Magnus). Later, Leibniz (17th century) and most importantly Kant played central roles in the history of philosophy. Kantianism inspired the work of Schopenhauer and Nietzsche as well as German idealism defended by Fichte and Hegel. Engels helped develop communist theory in the second half of the 19th century while Heidegger and Gadamer pursued the tradition of German philosophy in the 20th century. A number of German intellectuals were also influential in sociology, most notably Adorno, Habermas, Horkheimer, Luhmann, Simmel, Tönnies, and Weber. The University of Berlin founded in 1810 by linguist and philosopher Wilhelm von Humboldt served as an influential model for a number of modern western universities.
After lying dormant and dilapidated for decades, the Grand Canal was restored under the Yongle Emperor's rule from 1411 -- 1415. The impetus for restoring the canal was to solve the perennial problem of shipping grain north to Beijing. Shipping the annual 4,000,000 shi (one shi is equal to 107 liters) was made difficult with an inefficient system of shipping grain through the East China Sea or by several different inland canals that necessitated the transferring of grain onto several different barge types in the process, including shallow and deep - water barges. William Atwell quotes Ming dynasty sources that state the amount of collected tax grain was actually 30 million shi (93 million bushels), much larger than what Brook notes. The Yongle Emperor commissioned some 165,000 workers to dredge the canal bed in western Shandong and built a series of fifteen canal locks. The reopening of the Grand Canal had implications for Nanjing as well, as it was surpassed by the well - positioned city of Suzhou as the paramount commercial center of China. Despite greater efficiency, there were still factors which the government could not control that limited the transportation of taxed grain; for example, in 1420 a widespread crop failure and poor harvest dramatically reduced the tax grain delivered to the central government.
Katrineholm ( ) is a locality and the seat of Katrineholm Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 21,993 inhabitants in 2010. It is located in the inland of Södermanland and is the third largest urban area in the county after Eskilstuna and county seat Nyköping.
The Journal of Applied Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for Applied Philosophy and edited by Elizabeth Brake (Arizona State University). It covers a broad spectrum of issues in all areas of applied philosophy, including work on the environment, medicine, science, engineering, policy, law, politics, economics, and education.
The impeachment of Warren Hastings was a failed attempt between 1788 and 1795 to impeach the first Governor - General of India in the Parliament of Great Britain. Hastings was accused of misconduct during his time in Calcutta particularly relating to mismanagement and personal corruption. The prosecution was led by Edmund Burke and became a wider debate about the role of the East India Company and the expanding empire in India.
``When You're Hot, You're Hot ''is a 1971 crossover single written and recorded by Jerry Reed. The song was his most successful on the country chart, peaking at number one for five weeks.`` When You're Hot, You're Hot'' was also Jerry Reed's second song to cross over to the Top 40, peaking at number nine. It also appeared in the Australian and New Zealand charts. ``When You're Hot, You're Hot ''was certified gold for sales of one million units by the Recording Industry Association of America.
Esther Cleveland (September 9, 1893 – June 25, 1980) was the second child of Grover Cleveland, 22nd and 24th President of the United States, and his wife Frances Folsom Cleveland.
Because of the global economic recession that began in 2007, the GDP of Estonia decreased by 1.4% in the 2nd quarter of 2008, over 3% in the 3rd quarter of 2008, and over 9% in the 4th quarter of 2008. The Estonian government made a supplementary negative budget, which was passed by Riigikogu. The revenue of the budget was decreased for 2008 by EEK 6.1 billion and the expenditure by EEK 3.2 billion. In 2010, the economic situation stabilized and started a growth based on strong exports. In the fourth quarter of 2010, Estonian industrial output increased by 23% compared to the year before. The country has been experiencing economic growth ever since.
WRGV (107.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Pensacola, Florida, United States. The station is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and the broadcast license is held by Clear Channel Broadcasting Licenses, Inc. WRGV broadcasts an urban contemporary music format to the greater Pensacola, Florida, and Mobile, Alabama, area. Its studios are located located inside the building of unrelated television station WKRG on Broadcast Drive in Mobile, and the transmitter is near Robertsdale, Alabama.
Bug is a 2002 American comedy film, directed by Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi. It was released on February 28, 2002.
Thurgood Marshall College (TMC) is one of the six undergraduate colleges at the University of California, San Diego. The college, named after Thurgood Marshall, the first African-American Supreme Court Justice and lawyer for the landmark 1954 Supreme Court case Brown v. Board of Education, emphasizes "scholarship, social responsibility and the belief that a liberal arts education must include an understanding of [one's] role in society." Marshall College's general education requirements emphasize the culture of community involvement and multiculturalism; accordingly Marshall houses the minors in Public Service and Film Studies for the campus. Significant academic programs and departments have come out of the college over many decades: Communication, Ethnic Studies, Third World Studies, African American Studies, Urban Studies & Planning, and Education Studies.
``You Were on My Mind ''is a popular song written by Sylvia Fricker in 1962 in a bathtub in a suite at the Hotel Earle in Greenwich Village. She wrote it in the bathroom because`` it was the only place... the cockroaches would not go''. It was originally performed by Fricker and her then husband - to - be Ian Tyson as the duo Ian & Sylvia and they recorded it for their 1964 album, Northern Journey. It was published in sheet form by M. Witmark & Sons of New York City in 1965. In 1965 the song was covered in an up - tempo version, with slightly altered lyrics and melody by the California pop quintet We Five. Their recording reached # 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in September 1965 and topped the Billboard easy listening chart for five weeks. Billboard ranked the record as the No. 4 song of 1965. The performance by We Five is noteworthy for the gradual buildup in intensity, starting off somewhat flowing and gentle, increasing in intensity in the third stanza and remaining so through the fourth stanza. The fifth and final stanza starts off gently and concludes very intensely, ending with a series of guitar chords.
The Pharaohs' Woman () is a 1960 historical period drama film directed by Victor Tourjansky and starring John Drew Barrymore. The film is set in Ancient Egypt during the 31st century BCE (shortly after the unification of Upper and Lower Egypt) and pertains to a love story set against the backdrop of a power struggle between a prince of the former ruling dynasty of Lower Egypt and the new overlords from Upper Egypt. It was the first feature film shot in Techniscope.
``Walkin 'in the Rain with the One I Love ''Single by Love Unlimited from the album Love Unlimited B - side`` I Should Have Known'' Released March 1972 (1972) Genre R&B Length 4: 50 Label Uni Songwriter (s) Barry White Producer (s) Barry White Love Unlimited singles chronology ``Walkin' in the Rain with the One I Love ''(1972)`` Is It Really True Boy - Is It Really Me'' (1972) ``Walkin 'in the Rain with the One I Love ''(1972)`` Is It Really True Boy - Is It Really Me'' (1972)
Emma Peel is a fictional spy played by Diana Rigg in the British 1960s adventure television series The Avengers, and by Uma Thurman in the 1998 film version. She was born Emma Knight, the daughter of an industrialist, Sir John Knight.
Steven Bert Bradley (born December 23, 1956) is a former American Major League Baseball pitcher. He played for the Oakland Athletics during the season. Along with Rickey Henderson, Bradley was traded to the New York Yankees on December 5, 1984.
Debra ("Debbie") Lee Flintoff-King, (OAM) (born 20 April 1960 in Melbourne) is a retired Australian athlete, and winner of the women's 400 m hurdles event at the 1988 Seoul Olympics.
Natural Dam is an unincorporated community in Crawford County, Arkansas, United States. Natural Dam is located on Arkansas Highway 59, north-northwest of Cedarville. Natural Dam has a post office with ZIP code 72948. Lee Creek Bridge, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in the community.
In the mid-1990s, Dell expanded beyond desktop computers and laptops by selling servers, starting with low-end servers. The major three providers of servers at the time were IBM, Hewlett Packard, and Compaq, many of which were based on proprietary technology, such as IBM's Power4 microprocessors or various proprietary versions of the Unix operating system. Dell's new PowerEdge servers did not require a major investment in proprietary technologies, as they ran Microsoft Windows NT on Intel chips, and could be built cheaper than its competitors. Consequently, Dell's enterprise revenues, almost nonexistent in 1994, accounted for 13 percent of the company's total intake by 1998. Three years later, Dell passed Compaq as the top provider of Intel-based servers, with 31 percent of the market. Dell's first acquisition occurred in 1999 with the purchase of ConvergeNet Technologies for $332 million, after Dell had failed to develop an enterprise storage system in-house; ConvergeNet's elegant but complex technology did not fit in with Dell's commodity-producer business model, forcing Dell to write down the entire value of the acquisition.
"Thirsty Boots" is a Civil Rights era folksong by American singer-songwriter Eric Andersen that first appeared on his 1966 album "'Bout Changes 'n' Things". According to the album's liner notes, the song "was written to a civil rights worker-friend. Having never gone down to Mississippi myself, I wrote the song about coming back."
On Dell and Toshiba laptops, the port is marked with the standard USB symbol with an added lightning bolt icon on the right side. Dell calls this feature PowerShare, while Toshiba calls it USB Sleep-and-Charge. On Acer Inc. and Packard Bell laptops, sleep-and-charge USB ports are marked with a non-standard symbol (the letters USB over a drawing of a battery); the feature is simply called Power-off USB. On some laptops such as Dell and Apple MacBook models, it is possible to plug a device in, close the laptop (putting it into sleep mode) and have the device continue to charge.[citation needed]
Sabaka is a 1954 American adventure film written, directed and co-produced by Frank Ferrin that was shot on location in India. Ferrin also produced and directed the television show "Andy's Gang" where Nino Marcel as Gunga Ram's series of Indian adventures appeared on the show. The film was originally released as The Hindu in 1953.
In September 1828 Chopin, while still a student, visited Berlin with a family friend, zoologist Feliks Jarocki, enjoying operas directed by Gaspare Spontini and attending concerts by Carl Friedrich Zelter, Felix Mendelssohn and other celebrities. On an 1829 return trip to Berlin, he was a guest of Prince Antoni Radziwiłł, governor of the Grand Duchy of Posen—himself an accomplished composer and aspiring cellist. For the prince and his pianist daughter Wanda, he composed his Introduction and Polonaise brillante in C major for cello and piano, Op. 3.
Whihala Beach County Park is a park in Whiting, Indiana, United States, located at 1561 Park Rd. It is a public beach with available life guards. The beach was previously named Whiting Beach.
Coldspring House is an unincorporated locality and former roadhouse on the Cariboo Wagon Road in the Cariboo Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada. Located just east of the confluence of Lightning Creek and the Swift River between Quesnel and Barkerville along that route. Only 8 km east along that road from Cottonwood House, another roadhouse still operating as a store and campground today, as well as a provincial heritage property with a small museum. Just farther along the route, which is today's BC Highway 26, is Beaver Pass House. All date from the era of the Cariboo Gold Rush and were busy stopping places for travellers going to and from the goldfields.
Jess Dobkin (born 1970) is a performance artist based in Toronto, Canada. She is best known for her 2006 work "The Lactation Station".
Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve is a U.S. National Park in Alaska. It is the northernmost national park in the U.S. (the entirety of the park lies north of the Arctic Circle) and the second largest at 8,472,506 acres (3,428,702 ha) (34,287 km2), slightly larger in area than Belgium. The park consists primarily of portions of the Brooks Range of mountains. It was first protected as a U.S. National Monument on December 1, 1978, before becoming a national park and preserve two years later in 1980 upon passage of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act. A large part of the park is protected in the Gates of the Arctic Wilderness which covers 7,167,192 acres (2,900,460 ha). The wilderness area adjoins the Noatak Wilderness Area and together they form the largest contiguous wilderness in the United States.
Elizabeth Gertrude Britton (née Knight) (January 9, 1858 – February 25, 1934) was an American botanist, bryologist, and educator. She and her husband, Nathaniel Lord Britton played a significant role in the fundraising and creation of the New York Botanical Garden. She was a co-founder of the predecessor to the American Bryological and Lichenological Society. She was an activist for protection of wildflowers, inspiring local chapter activities and the passage of legislation. Elizabeth Britton made major contributions to the literature of mosses, publishing 170 papers in that field.
Thailand (/ ˈtaɪlænd / TY - land), officially the Kingdom of Thailand and formerly known as Siam (until 1939 and again from 1946 to 1948), is a country at the centre of the Indochinese peninsula in Southeast Asia. It is bordered to the north by Myanmar and Laos, to the east by Laos and Cambodia, to the south by the Gulf of Thailand and Malaysia, and to the west by the Andaman Sea and the southern extremity of Myanmar. Its maritime boundaries include Vietnam in the Gulf of Thailand to the southeast, and Indonesia and India on the Andaman Sea to the southwest. The capital and largest city is Bangkok. With around 69 million people, Thailand is the 20th-most - populous country in the world.
Jennifer Jane Saunders (born 6 July 1958) is an English comedian, screenwriter, and actress. She has won three BAFTAs (including the BAFTA Fellowship), an International Emmy Award, a British Comedy Award, a Rose d'Or Light Entertainment Festival Award, two Writers' Guild of Great Britain Awards, and a People's Choice Award.
Robert Lopez (born February 23, 1975) is an American songwriter of musicals, best known for co-creating The Book of Mormon and Avenue Q, and for composing the songs featured in the Disney animated films Frozen and Coco. He is the youngest of only twelve people who have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar and a Tony Award, the quickest (10 years) to win all four, and, as of 2018, is the only person to have won all four awards more than once.
Write This Down is an American Christian rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota. Formed in 2005, the band consists of vocalists and guitarists Nate Rockwell and Mike Kuwica, bassist Nick Lombardo and drummer Chad Nichols. Their music has been featured on Internet-based radio stations, receiving regular rotation on RadioU and ChristianRock.Net. On May 10, 2010, their album, "Write This Down", peaked at No. 45 on "Billboard's" Christian Albums chart.
The ecclesiastical structure of the Roman Empire survived the movements and invasions in the west mostly intact, but the papacy was little regarded, and few of the western bishops looked to the bishop of Rome for religious or political leadership. Many of the popes prior to 750 were more concerned with Byzantine affairs and eastern theological controversies. The register, or archived copies of the letters, of Pope Gregory the Great (pope 590–604) survived, and of those more than 850 letters, the vast majority were concerned with affairs in Italy or Constantinople. The only part of Western Europe where the papacy had influence was Britain, where Gregory had sent the Gregorian mission in 597 to convert the Anglo-Saxons to Christianity. Irish missionaries were most active in Western Europe between the 5th and the 7th centuries, going first to England and Scotland and then on to the continent. Under such monks as Columba (d. 597) and Columbanus (d. 615), they founded monasteries, taught in Latin and Greek, and authored secular and religious works.
The Alas people are an ethnic group that inhabits Southeast Aceh Regency, Aceh, Indonesia. They speak the Alas language, which is related to the Batak languages.
Dr. Jesse Bennett (July 10, 1769 -- July 13, 1842) was the first American physician to perform a successful Caesarean section, which he performed on his own wife at the birth of their only child on January 14, 1794.
After the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, the Dutch Republic received the largest group of Huguenot refugees, an estimated total of 75,000 to 100,000 people. Amongst them were 200 clergy. Many came from the region of the Cévennes, for instance, the village of Fraissinet-de-Lozère. This was a huge influx as the entire population of the Dutch Republic amounted to ca. 2 million at that time. Around 1700, it is estimated that nearly 25% of the Amsterdam population was Huguenot.[citation needed] In 1705, Amsterdam and the area of West Frisia were the first areas to provide full citizens rights to Huguenot immigrants, followed by the Dutch Republic in 1715. Huguenots intermarried with Dutch from the outset.
MS - DOS (/ ˌɛmˌɛsˈdɒs / em - ess - DOSS; acronym for Microsoft Disk Operating System) is an operating system for x86 - based personal computers mostly developed by Microsoft. Collectively, MS - DOS, its rebranding as IBM PC DOS, and some operating systems attempting to be compatible with MS - DOS, are sometimes referred to as ``DOS ''(which is also the generic acronym for disk operating system). MS - DOS was the main operating system for IBM PC compatible personal computers during the 1980s and the early 1990s, when it was gradually superseded by operating systems offering a graphical user interface (GUI), in various generations of the graphical Microsoft Windows operating system.
Public expenditure health was at 8.9% of the GDP in 2004, whereas private expenditure was at 1.3%. As of 2012, the HIV/AIDS prevalence was at 2.8% among 15- to 49-year-olds. Health expenditure was at US$30 per capita in 2004. A large proportion of the population is undernourished, with malnutrition being a problem in Congo-Brazzaville. There were 20 physicians per 100,000 persons in the early 2000s (decade).
Gale Ann Benson (nee Plugge; 4 November 1944 – 2 January 1972) was a British model, socialite and daughter of Conservative MP Leonard Plugge. She was buried alive and murdered in Trinidad by activist Michael X and members of his Black Power group.
Josh Radnor as Ted Mosby, an architect, college professor and the central character of the series. He is the main protagonist where he tells the story of his adult years from his late twenties to his early thirties and about all his obstacles he has to endure before he meets The One aka the Mother. This story is told by the Older Ted Mosby, and narrator of the series, Bob Saget. Ted moved to New York City with his friends Marshall and Lily after graduating from Wesleyan University. In New York, he met Barney at the urinal of MacLaren's and Robin, to whom he was immediately attracted. Ted is on a quest for happiness and ``The One '', the woman he will marry. Ted prefers more elegant and high - class interests than his friends have. He goes to great lengths to profess his love to the women in his life, but they all falter eventually. Despite these qualities, Ted often acts immaturely, such as partaking in wild activities with Barney. He meets the love of his life (the titular Mother) in the show's finale.
Buy Herself is a Canadian reality television series, which premiered April 16, 2012 on HGTV Canada. Hosted by Sandra Rinomato, formerly of the HGTV series "Property Virgins", the series focused on single women who are seeking to buy their first house on their own. Its format is otherwise similar to that of "Property Virgins", with Rinomato showing the potential buyer three homes and discussing how to manage and balance needs and expectations and complications in the home-buying process.
The Martyrs' Shrine is a Roman Catholic church in Midland, Ontario, Canada, which is consecrated to the memory of the Canadian Martyrs, six Jesuit Martyrs and two lay persons from the mission of Sainte-Marie among the Hurons. It is one of nine national shrines in Canada, including, among others, St. Joseph's Oratory in Montreal and the Basilica of Sainte-Anne-de-Beaupré.
Because the Romans had to fight against the Franks, who plundered Cologne and Trier in 435, and because of other events Theodoric saw the chance to conquer Narbo Martius (in 436) to obtain access to the Mediterranean Sea and the roads to the Pyrenees. But Litorius, with the aid of the Huns, prevented the capture of the city and drove the Visigoths back to their capital Tolosa. Theodoric's offer of peace was refused, but the king won the decisive battle at Tolosa, and Litorius soon died in Gothic imprisonment from the injuries which he had received in this battle. Avitus went – according to the orders of Aëtius – to Tolosa and offered a peace treaty which Theodoric accepted. Perhaps the Romans recognized at that time the sovereignty of the Visigoth state.
Sirkanay District (Sarkani District) is situated in the central part of Kunar Province, Afghanistan. It borders Pakistan to the south. The population is 24,200 (2006). The district administrative center is the village of Serkanay () at 775 m altitude. To the north the district borders the Kunar River, which irrigates the small part of arable land. Drought is the major problem of the people. The majority of the houses (70%) were destroyed during the wars. Many young men live and work in Pakistan.
One key measure is the real median level, meaning half of households have income above that level and half below, adjusted for inflation. According to the Census, this measure was $59,039 in 2016, a record high. This was the largest two year percentage increase on record.
Daniel Richard Goddard (born 28 August 1971) is an Australian model and actor. He is known for his starring role as Dar on the syndicated action drama BeastMaster, based on the 1982 film The Beastmaster, and for playing Cane Ashby on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless since 2007.
The Daihatsu Charmant is a subcompact sedan built by Daihatsu of Japan, based on the Toyota Corolla. It was replaced by the Daihatsu Applause. The Charmant was originally a spin-off of the Toyota Corolla of the 1970s; model changes paralleled those of the Corolla. All Charmants were fitted with Toyota inline-four engines, ranging from 1.2 to 1.6 litres. The word "charmant" is French for charming.
The Journal of Artificial Societies and Social Simulation (JASSS) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal created by Nigel Gilbert (University of Surrey). The current editor is Flaminio Squazzoni. The journal publishes articles in computational sociology, social simulation, complexity science, and artificial societies. Its approach is multi-disciplinary, integrating sociology, economy, computer science, or physics. The journal is published open access.
He was born in Sheffield, Yorkshire and has lived in Nottingham since attending the University of Nottingham where he earned a degree in English Literature and American Studies. After university, he taught English and Media Studies in Nottingham before becoming a full-time writer in 1994. Since 2002, he has worked part-time at Nottingham Trent University, where he teaches Creative Writing.
Naval Auxiliary Landing Field (NALF) San Clemente Island , also known as Frederick Sherman Field, is a military airport located on San Clemente Island, in Los Angeles County, California, USA. It has been owned by the United States Navy since 1937, but came into its current importance during the past decade. It is the Navy's only remaining live fire range. San Clemente is the southernmost Channel Island, covering 57 square miles (150 km²). The island is approximately 21 nmi (39 km) long and is 4.5 nmi (8 km) across at its widest point. It lies 55 nmi (102 km) south of Long Beach and 68 nmi (130 km) west of San Diego, California.
Windows 7 Service Pack 1 (SP1) was announced on March 18, 2010. A beta was released on July 12, 2010. The final version was released to the public on February 22, 2011. At the time of release, it was not made mandatory. It was available via Windows Update, direct download, or by ordering the Windows 7 SP1 DVD. The service pack is on a much smaller scale than those released for previous versions of Windows, particularly Windows Vista.
Waldschmidt Hall (originally West Hall) is an academic building at the University of Portland in Portland, Oregon, United States. Constructed in 1891 as West Hall, the building was originally part of the now defunct Portland University located in North Portland overlooking the Willamette River. The Romanesque style structure built of brick and stone stands five stories tall. The hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1977 and renovated in 1992, the same year it took the current name. Waldschmidt, the oldest building on campus, now houses the school's administration offices and some classrooms.
The Polish nobility enjoyed many rights that were not available to the noble classes of other countries and, typically, each new monarch conceded them further privileges. Those privileges became the basis of the Golden Liberty in the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Despite having a king, Poland was called the nobility's Commonwealth because the king was elected by all interested members of hereditary nobility and Poland was considered to be the property of this class, not of the king or the ruling dynasty. This state of affairs grew up in part because of the extinction of the male-line descendants of the old royal dynasty (first the Piasts, then the Jagiellons), and the selection by the nobility of the Polish king from among the dynasty's female-line descendants.
The Bardoli Satyagraha of 1928, in the state of Gujarat, India during the period of the British Raj, was a major episode of civil disobedience and revolt in the Indian Independence Movement. The movement was eventually led by Vallabhbhai Patel, and its success gave rise to Patel becoming one of the main leaders of the independence movement.
NATO has added new members seven times since its founding in 1949, and since 2017 NATO has had 29 members. Twelve countries were part of the founding of NATO: Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Iceland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, the United Kingdom, and the United States. In 1952, Greece and Turkey became members of the Alliance, joined later by West Germany (in 1955) and Spain (in 1982). In 1990, with the reunification of Germany, NATO grew to include the former country of East Germany. Between 1994 and 1997, wider forums for regional cooperation between NATO and its neighbors were set up, including the Partnership for Peace, the Mediterranean Dialogue initiative and the Euro - Atlantic Partnership Council. In 1997, three former Warsaw Pact countries, Hungary, the Czech Republic, and Poland, were invited to join NATO. After this fourth enlargement in 1999, the Vilnius group of The Baltics and seven East European countries formed in May 2000 to cooperate and lobby for further NATO membership. Seven of these countries joined in the fifth enlargement in 2004. The Adriatic States Albania and Croatia joined in the sixth enlargement in 2009, Montenegro in 2017.
The most extreme case was the Soviet Union, and this model may still be followed in some countries: it was a separate service, on a par with the navy or ground force. In the Soviet Union this was called Voyska PVO, and had both fighter aircraft and ground-based systems. This was divided into two arms, PVO Strany, the Strategic Air defence Service responsible for Air Defence of the Homeland, created in 1941 and becoming an independent service in 1954, and PVO SV, Air Defence of the Ground Forces. Subsequently these became part of the air force and ground forces respectively
In 1959, an international gathering of over 185 judges, lawyers, and law professors from 53 countries, meeting in New Delhi and speaking as the International Commission of Jurists, made a declaration as to the fundamental principle of the rule of law. This was the Declaration of Delhi. They declared that the rule of law implies certain rights and freedoms, that it implies an independent judiciary, and that it implies social, economic and cultural conditions conducive to human dignity. The Declaration of Delhi did not, however, suggest that the rule of law requires legislative power to be subject to judicial review.
The Carleton Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge that carries Carleton Road over the South Branch Ashuelot River in East Swanzey, New Hampshire. The bridge was built in 1869, and is the region's only surviving example of a 19th-century Queenspost truss bridge. The bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Too Hot to Stop is a 1976 album by American funk group The Bar-Kays, and their first for Mercury Records. It includes the hit "Shake Your Rump to the Funk".
Maximum speed: Mach 0.92 (630 mph, 1,015 km / h) at 35,000 ft altitude Cruise speed: Mach 0.84 (575 mph, 925 km / h) at 35,000 ft altitude Range: 6,800 nmi (7,800 mi, 13,000 km) Service ceiling: 45,100 ft (13,700 m)
Born in Penstrowed near Newtown, Montgomeryshire, Lewis was educated at Levana School, Wimbledon, and Westfield College, London. She had a long period of work on the "Sunday Times", where she became assistant editor, and from 1944 until her death in 1979 she also wrote for the magazine "Country Life".
Hum Ho Gaye Aapke is a 2001 Bollywood film, directed by Agathiyan and stars Fardeen Khan and Reema Sen in the lead roles. The film is known to be the Bollywood debut of Reema Sen. It was released on 13 August 2001. It is a remake of Tamil movie "Gokulathil Seethai" (1996).
Adam R. Dell (born January 14, 1970) is an American venture capitalist and is the brother of Michael Dell, the founder of computer manufacturing company Dell Inc.
After turning 18, Franklin confided to her father that she aspired to follow Sam Cooke to record pop music. Serving as her manager, C.L. agreed to the move and helped to produce a two - song demo that soon was brought to the attention of Columbia Records, who agreed to sign her in 1960. Franklin was signed as a ``five - percent artist ''. During this period, Franklin would be coached by choreographer Cholly Atkins to prepare for her pop performances. Before signing with Columbia, Sam Cooke tried to persuade Franklin's father to have his label, RCA sign Franklin. He had also been courted by local record label owner Berry Gordy to sign Franklin and her elder sister Erma to his Tamla label. Franklin's father felt the label was not established enough yet. Franklin's first Columbia single,`` Today I Sing the Blues'', was issued in September 1960 and later reached the top ten of the Hot Rhythm & Blues Sellers chart.
Nigeria is a religiously diverse society, with Islam and Christianity being the most widely professed religions. Nigerians are nearly equally divided into Christians and Muslims, with a tiny minority of adherents of Animism and other religions. According to one recent estimate, over 40% of Nigeria's population adheres to Islam (mainly Sunni, other branches are also present). Christianity is practised by 58% of the population (among them 74% are Protestant, 25% Roman Catholic, 1% other Christian). Adherents of Animism and other religions collectively represent 1.4% of the population.
Classical India refers to the period when much of the Indian subcontinent was reunited under the Gupta Empire (c. 320–550 CE). This period has been called the Golden Age of India and was marked by extensive achievements in science, technology, engineering, art, dialectic, literature, logic, mathematics, astronomy, religion, and philosophy that crystallized the elements of what is generally known as Hindu culture. The Hindu-Arabic numerals, a positional numeral system, originated in India and was later transmitted to the West through the Arabs. Early Hindu numerals had only nine symbols, until 600 to 800 CE, when a symbol for zero was developed for the numeral system. The peace and prosperity created under leadership of Guptas enabled the pursuit of scientific and artistic endeavors in India.
Lake Express High-Speed Ferry is an American company that operates a seasonal ferry service across Lake Michigan between Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Muskegon, Michigan. The Lake Express Milwaukee terminal and the company headquarters are located near the Port of Milwaukee. Their ferry travels a distance of 80 miles, in two and a half hours, across Lake Michigan.
Bucharest has a humid continental climate (Dfa), with warm to hot, humid summers and cold, snowy winters. Owing to its position on the Romanian Plain, the city's winters can get windy, though some of the winds are mitigated due to urbanisation. Winter temperatures often dip below 0 °C (32 °F), sometimes even to −20 °C (−4 °F). In summer, the average temperature is 23 °C (73 °F) (the average for July and August). Temperatures frequently reach 35 to 40 °C (95 to 104 °F) in midsummer in the city centre. Although average precipitation and humidity during summer are low, occasional heavy storms occur. During spring and autumn, daytime temperatures vary between 17 and 22 °C (63 and 72 °F), and precipitation during spring tends to be higher than in summer, with more frequent yet milder periods of rain.
The composition of the House is established by Article One of the United States Constitution. The House is composed of Representatives who sit in congressional districts that are allocated to each of the 50 states on a basis of population as measured by the U.S. Census, with each district entitled to one representative. Since its inception in 1789, all Representatives have been directly elected. The total number of voting representatives is fixed by law at 435. As of the 2010 Census, the largest delegation is that of California, with fifty - three representatives. Seven states have the smallest delegation possible, a single representative: Alaska, Delaware, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, and Wyoming.
The Basílica Minore del Santo Niño de Cebú (Minor Basilica of the Holy Child of Cebú) commonly known as the Santo Niño Basilica, is a minor basilica in Cebu City in the Philippines that was founded in the 1565 by Fray Andrés de Urdaneta, O.S.A. and Fray Diego de Herrera, O.S.A.. The oldest Roman Catholic church in the country, it is built on the spot where the image of the Santo Niño de Cebú was found during the expedition of Miguel López de Legazpi. The icon, a statuette of the Child Jesus, is the same one presented by Ferdinand Magellan to the chief consort of Rajah Humabon upon the royal couple's christening on April 14, 1521. It was found by a soldier named Juan de Camuz forty years later, preserved in a wooden box, after Legazpi had razed a local village. When Pope Paul VI made the church a basilica in 1965, he declared it to be "the symbol of the birth and growth of Christianity in the Philippines."
The British Mandate of Palestine, where an Arab majority lived alongside a Jewish minority, presented the British with a similar problem to that of India. The matter was complicated by large numbers of Jewish refugees seeking to be admitted to Palestine following the Holocaust, while Arabs were opposed to the creation of a Jewish state. Frustrated by the intractability of the problem, attacks by Jewish paramilitary organisations and the increasing cost of maintaining its military presence, Britain announced in 1947 that it would withdraw in 1948 and leave the matter to the United Nations to solve. The UN General Assembly subsequently voted for a plan to partition Palestine into a Jewish and an Arab state.
The Biggest Loser: Glory Days is the sixteenth season of The Biggest Loser which premiered on September 11, 2014 on NBC. Bob Harper and Dolvett Quince returned as trainers, while Jillian Michaels decided to leave the show. There are two new trainers this season: Jessie Pavelka and Jennifer Widerstrom. This season, the contestants are all former athletes including former National Football League players and Olympic Gold medalists. The contestants competed to win a $250,000 prize which was awarded to Toma Dobrosavljevic, the contestant with the highest percentage of weight loss.
Genesis Motors is the luxury vehicle division of the South Korean vehicle manufacturer Hyundai Motor Group. Initially envisioned along with the plan for Hyundai's new luxury sedan Hyundai Genesis in 2004, the Genesis brand was officially announced as a standalone marque on 4 November 2015.
"'The Pride You Hide'" is a song by Roger Daltrey, who at the time was the former lead singer of The Who. The song was written by Alan Dalgleish, Nicky Tesco and Roger Daltrey. The track was included on Roger Daltrey's sixth solo album, "Under a Raging Moon", as the fourth track on the first side of the LP. The album was a tribute to The Who's former drummer Keith Moon.
The New York Yankees are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of the Bronx. The Yankees compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) East division. They are one of two major league clubs based in New York City, the other being the New York Mets of the National League. In the 1901 season, the club began play in the AL as the Baltimore Orioles (no relation to the modern Baltimore Orioles). Frank Farrell and Bill Devery purchased the franchise (which had ceased operations) and moved it to New York City, renaming the club the New York Highlanders. The Highlanders were officially renamed the Yankees in 1913.
HMAS "Samuel Benbow" was an auxiliary minesweeper operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War II. She was launched in 1918 by Hall, Russell & Company, Aberdeen. She was a Strath class trawler admiralty design. The ship operated in Australian waters from 1929, and was requisitioned by the RAN and commissioned on 5 September 1940. She was returned to her owners after the war.
Piacenza Calcio 1919 and Piacenza Calcio play their home matches at the 21,668 capacity, Stadio Leonardo Garilli, located in the city of Piacenza.
Sierra Linda High School is a high school located in the west part of Phoenix, Arizona, USA, administered by the Tolleson Union High School District. It had 1,787 students as of October 1, 2013. It opened in 2008; due to facility issues, students attended the first semester of classes at La Joya Community High School, then moved into the campus in January 2009. Students of the 2012 cohort were the first graduating class, with approximately 355 students.
A variety of artists have recorded the song, including: Rufus Thomas, Mae West, Shadows of Knight, CCS, Dr. Feelgood, Tony Joe White, Disco Tex and the Sex - O - Lettes, Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, Big Head Todd and the Monsters (whose version was chosen in 2014 as the theme song for NCIS: New Orleans, and is played at Carolina Panthers home games when a touchdown is scored) and the Oak Ridge Boys. ``Boom Boom ''was the first studio recording by Eric Clapton, who recorded it as a demo with the Yardbirds in 1963, and which was released as a single in the Netherlands and Germany in 1966. ZZ Top later used similar lines (`` how - how - how - how'') to those found in ``Boom Boom '', on`` La Grange''.
Sanghaganam () is a 1979 Malayalam socio-political film directed by P. A. Backer based on a story by M. Sukumaran and starring Sreenivasan, Ramu Karyat, P. R. Nambyar and Madhu Master.
Kenya is a presidential representative democratic republic. The president is both the head of state and head of government, and of a multi-party system. Executive power is exercised by the government. Legislative power is vested in both the government and the National Assembly and the Senate. The Judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature. There was growing concern especially during former president Daniel arap Moi's tenure that the executive was increasingly meddling with the affairs of the judiciary.Kenya has a high degree of corruption according to Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index (CPI), a metric which attempts to gauge the prevalence of public sector corruption in various countries. In 2012, the nation placed 139th out of 176 total countries in the CPI, with a score of 27/100. However, there are several rather significant developments with regards to curbing corruption from the Kenyan government, for instance, the establishment of a new and independent Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission (EACC).
The post of Governor of Vatican City (Governatore dello Stato della Città del Vaticano in Italian) was held by Marchese Camillo Serafini from the foundation of the state in 1929 until his death in 1952. No successor was appointed, and the post itself was not mentioned in the Fundamental Law of Vatican City State issued by Pope John Paul II on 26 November 2000, which entered into force on 22 February 2001.
Melodifestivalen 2003 was the selection for the 43rd song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest. It was the 42nd time that this system of picking a song had been used. Five semi-finals had taken place to select the ten songs for the final, in Jönköping, Gothenburg, Luleå, Sundsvall and a Second Chance round in Stockholm. The final was broadcast on SVT1 and Sveriges Radio's P4 network. The show was watched by 1,230,751 people.
Philadelphia is home to many national historical sites that relate to the founding of the United States. Independence National Historical Park is the center of these historical landmarks being one of the country's 22 UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Independence Hall, where the Declaration of Independence was signed, and the Liberty Bell are the city's most famous attractions. Other historic sites include homes for Edgar Allan Poe, Betsy Ross, and Thaddeus Kosciuszko, early government buildings like the First and Second Banks of the United States, Fort Mifflin, and the Gloria Dei (Old Swedes') Church. Philadelphia alone has 67 National Historic Landmarks, the third most of any city in the country.
He was born in Gardner, Massachusetts and studied at St. Joseph's College in Memramcook, New Brunswick. He became an administrator for the Assomption Mutuelle insurance company.
Mano Po () is Regal Entertainment's entry for the 2002 Metro Manila Film Festival. The film focuses on the lives of the Chinese Filipino community. "Mano Po" stars an all-star cast headed by Maricel Soriano, Richard Gomez, Kris Aquino and Ara Mina. Eddie Garcia and Boots Anson-Roa play the patriarch and matriarch of the Go clan respectively.
The earliest examples of wedding rings are from Ancient Egypt. Western customs for wedding rings can be traced to ancient Rome and Greece, and were transmitted to the present through Christendom in Europe, which adapted the ancient customs.
Blaine is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. The city's northern boundary is the Canada–US border. The Peace Arch international monument lies partly in Blaine and partly in Canada. The population was 4,684 at the 2010 census. Since Blaine is located right on the border with Canada, it is the northernmost city on Interstate 5, while the southernmost city is San Ysidro, California.
The Somali flag is an ethnic flag conceived to represent ethnic Somalis. It was created in 1954 by the Somali scholar Mohammed Awale Liban, after he had been selected by the labour trade union of the Trust Territory of Somalia to come up with a design. Upon independence in 1960, the flag was adopted as the national flag of the nascent Somali Republic. The five-pointed Star of Unity in the flag's center represents the Somali ethnic group inhabiting the five territories in Greater Somalia.
Basbedo is a village in the Tenkodogo Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the village has a population of 951.
The Vienna Diptych or the Fall and Redemption of Man is a religious diptych by the Flemish artist Hugo van der Goes depicting the fall of man on the left panel and the lamentation of Christ on the right panel. Painted in the second half of the 15th century, the diptych is housed in the Austrian Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna.
The University of California, Davis, School of Veterinary Medicine is the largest veterinary school in the United States and is currently ranked #1 among veterinary schools in the USA by US News & World report. In addition it is ranked 1st in the world according to the QS World University Rankings for two consecutive years: 2015 and 2016. Established in 1948, the school is the primary health resource for California's various animal populations. It is located in the southwest corner of the main campus of the University of California, Davis. The current Dean of Veterinary Medicine is Dr. Michael Lairmore.
For instance, if a transmitter delivers 100 W into an antenna having an efficiency of 80%, then the antenna will radiate 80 W as radio waves and produce 20 W of heat. In order to radiate 100 W of power, one would need to use a transmitter capable of supplying 125 W to the antenna. Note that antenna efficiency is a separate issue from impedance matching, which may also reduce the amount of power radiated using a given transmitter. If an SWR meter reads 150 W of incident power and 50 W of reflected power, that means that 100 W have actually been absorbed by the antenna (ignoring transmission line losses). How much of that power has actually been radiated cannot be directly determined through electrical measurements at (or before) the antenna terminals, but would require (for instance) careful measurement of field strength. Fortunately the loss resistance of antenna conductors such as aluminum rods can be calculated and the efficiency of an antenna using such materials predicted.
Pioneer Energy LP (formerly Pioneer Petroleums), commonly referred to as Pioneer, is a gas retailer and convenience store operator, with locations in Ontario, Canada. Founded by Murray Hogarth in 1956, it is headquartered in Burlington, Ontario. It is a subsidiary of Parkland Fuel Corporation.
At the end of Season 1, which takes place just before Thanksgiving 1960, Peggy is promoted to Junior Copywriter, heading up the new Clearasil account. Just after receiving the promotion, Peggy begins experiencing severe abdominal pain; she attributes it to a ``bad sandwich ''from the office cart and heads to St. Mary's Hospital in Brooklyn. She is shocked and in denial when informed she's actually in labor. As she gets up to leave, she collapses, and the hospital staff moves her into a hospital room in labor and delivery. She gives birth to a healthy baby boy, whom she refuses to hold or look at.
The Fishing Creek Confederacy was an alleged military uprising in northern Columbia County, Pennsylvania and southern Sullivan County, Pennsylvania during the American Civil War. Residents of Columbia County strongly opposed military drafts that were being conducted there, leading to widespread desertion and draft evasion. In a Columbia County draft in July 1863, 618 people were drafted. Of these, approximately 75% evaded the draft. On July 30, 1864, several people rode into northern Columbia County from Luzerne County to search for deserters, and one of the riders was shot. By the summer of 1864, rumors had begun to circulate that these deserters and draft evaders, as well as Confederate sympathizers, had built a fort with cannons on North Mountain, not far from the headwaters of Fishing Creek. This fort was supposedly manned by 500 people. Upon hearing these rumors, 1000 soldiers gathered near Bloomsburg, in Columbia County.
American Idol has traditionally released studio recordings of contestants' performances as well as the winner's coronation single for sale. For the first five seasons, the recordings were released as a compilation album at the end of the season. All five of these albums reached the top ten in Billboard 200 which made then American Idol the most successful soundtrack franchise of any motion picture or television program. Starting late in season five, individual performances were released during the season as digital downloads, initially from the American Idol official website only. In season seven the live performances and studio recordings were made available during the season from iTunes when it joined as a sponsor. In Season ten the weekly studio recordings were also released as compilation digital album straight after performance night.
The New York City Public Schools system, managed by the New York City Department of Education, is the largest public school system in the United States, serving about 1.1 million students in more than 1,700 separate primary and secondary schools. The city's public school system includes nine specialized high schools to serve academically and artistically gifted students.
George Coe (May 10, 1929 -- July 18, 2015) was an American stage, film and television actor and voice artist. He did voice - over work in video games, movies and TV shows. He was a cast member for the first season of Saturday Night Live and voiced Woodhouse in Archer.
Asima Chatterjee (23 September 1917 – 22 November 2006) was an Indian organic chemist noted for her work in the fields of organic chemistry and phytomedicine. Her most notable work includes research on vinca alkaloids, the development of anti-epileptic drugs, and development of anti-malarial drugs. She also authored a considerable volume of work on medicinal plants of the Indian subcontinent. She was the first woman to receive a Doctorate of Science from an Indian university.
When finally Edward the Confessor returned from his father's refuge in 1041, at the invitation of his half-brother Harthacnut, he brought with him a Norman-educated mind. He also brought many Norman counsellors and fighters, some of whom established an English cavalry force. This concept never really took root, but it is a typical example of the attitudes of Edward. He appointed Robert of Jumièges archbishop of Canterbury and made Ralph the Timid earl of Hereford. He invited his brother-in-law Eustace II, Count of Boulogne to his court in 1051, an event which resulted in the greatest of early conflicts between Saxon and Norman and ultimately resulted in the exile of Earl Godwin of Wessex.
Thus, Buckingham Palace is a symbol and home of the British monarchy, an art gallery and a tourist attraction. Behind the gilded railings and gates which were completed by the Bromsgrove Guild in 1911 and Webb's famous façade, which has been described in a book published by the Royal Collection as looking "like everybody's idea of a palace", is not only a weekday home of the Queen and Prince Philip but also the London residence of the Duke of York and the Earl and Countess of Wessex. The palace also houses the offices of the Queen, Prince Philip, Duke of York, Earl and Countess of Wessex, Princess Royal, and Princess Alexandra, and is the workplace of more than 800 people.
The land within the borders of current Portugal has been continuously settled and fought over since prehistoric times. The Celts and the Romans were followed by the Visigothic and the Suebi Germanic peoples, who were themselves later invaded by the Moors. These Muslim peoples were eventually expelled during the Christian Reconquista of the peninsula. By 1139, Portugal had established itself as a kingdom independent from León. In the 15th and 16th centuries, as the result of pioneering the Age of Discovery, Portugal expanded Western influence and established the first global empire, becoming one of the world's major economic, political and military powers.
Simultaneous with Israel's February raid, the Baghdad Pact was formed between some regional allies of the UK. Nasser considered the Baghdad Pact a threat to his efforts to eliminate British military influence in the Middle East, and a mechanism to undermine the Arab League and "perpetuate [Arab] subservience to Zionism and [Western] imperialism". Nasser felt that if he was to maintain Egypt's regional leadership position he needed to acquire modern weaponry to arm his military. When it became apparent to him that Western countries would not supply Egypt under acceptable financial and military terms, Nasser turned to the Eastern Bloc and concluded a US$320,000,000 armaments agreement with Czechoslovakia on 27 September. Through the Czechoslovakian arms deal, the balance of power between Egypt and Israel was more or less equalized and Nasser's role as the Arab leader defying the West was enhanced.
Of the 29 member countries, two are located in North America (Canada and the United States) and 27 are European countries while Turkey is in Eurasia. All members have militaries, except for Iceland which does not have a typical army (but does, however, have a coast guard and a small unit of civilian specialists for NATO operations). Three of NATO's members are nuclear weapons states: France, the United Kingdom, and the United States. NATO has 12 original founding member nation states, and from 18 February 1952 to 6 May 1955, it added three more member nations, and a fourth on 30 May 1982. After the end of the Cold War, NATO added 13 more member nations (10 former Warsaw Pact members and three former Yugoslav republics) from 12 March 1999 to 5 June 2017.
The location chosen for this new building was plotted where the original Tejo Power Station still stood. Despite being made up of a combination of workshops and warehouses, before demolishing it, a new location had to be found to accommodate these roles that were complementary but indispensable to the plant's operation. Thus the decision was made to purchase the property and buildings where the old sugar refinery Senna Sugar Estates, Ltd. (owned by the "Companhia de Açúcar de Moçambique" - Mozambique Sugar Company¬) used to lie, located on the power station's east side.
Khair Bakhsh Marri had received his early education in Kohlu and higher education from Aitchison College, Lahore. Khair Bakhsh Marri had six sons — Balach Marri, Changez Marri, Hyrbyair Marri, Ghazan Marri, Hamza Marri and Mehran Marri.
The Book of Ruth (Hebrew: מגילת רות ‎, Megilath Ruth, ``the Scroll of Ruth '', one of the Five Megillot) is included in the third division, or the Writings (Ketuvim), of the Hebrew Bible; in most Christian canons it is treated as a history book and placed between Judges and 1 Samuel, as it is set`` in the days when the judges judged'', although the Syriac Christian tradition places it later, between Ecclesiastes and the Song of Songs. It is named after its central figure, Ruth the Moabitess, the great - grandmother of David.
The Eagle and Child and the Lamb and Flag, Oxford, were regular meeting places of the Inklings, a writers' group which included J. R. R. Tolkien and C. S. Lewis. The Eagle in Cambridge is where Francis Crick interrupted patrons' lunchtime on 28 February 1953 to announce that he and James Watson had "discovered the secret of life" after they had come up with their proposal for the structure of DNA. The anecdote is related in Watson's book The Double Helix. and commemorated with a blue plaque on the outside wall.
WGFX is a radio station broadcasting on the FM band at 104.5 MHz licensed to the city of Gallatin, Tennessee, but serving the Nashville market as a whole. It is currently branded as 104.5 The Zone, broadcasting a sports talk format. It is owned by Cumulus Media and operates out of studios in Nashville's Music Row district. Its transmitter is located just north of downtown Nashville.
Sport Voetbal Centro Social Deportivo Barber is a Curaçao football team located in WestPunt municipality Barber, and playing in the Curaçao League First Division.
Arcadia is an unincorporated community located in Sullivan County, Tennessee, just outside Kingsport's eastern city limits. Arcadia, originally known as the Reedy Creek Settlement, was one of the earliest settlements in present-day Tennessee. Daniel Boone's Wilderness Road ran through this community in 1775. Arcadia is listed in the National Register of Historical Places which includes the Thomas Fain Plantation. Thomas Fain named his plantation "Arcadia" to which the surrounding community became known. Arcadia is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the Tri-Cities region.
Oriel College is a constituent college of the University of Oxford in Oxford, England. Located in Oriel Square, the college has the distinction of being the oldest royal foundation in Oxford (a title formerly claimed by University College, whose claim of being founded by King Alfred is no longer promoted). In recognition of this royal connection, the college has also been known as King's College and King's Hall. The reigning monarch of the United Kingdom (since 1952, Elizabeth II) is the official Visitor of the College.
Prince Alexander Golitzen (Golitsyn), (Moscow, February 28, 1908San Diego, July 26, 2005) was a Russian-born American production designer who oversaw art direction on more than 300 movies.
At 9:42 am, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) grounded all civilian aircraft within the continental U.S., and civilian aircraft already in flight were told to land immediately. All international civilian aircraft were either turned back or redirected to airports in Canada or Mexico, and were banned from landing on United States territory for three days. The attacks created widespread confusion among news organizations and air traffic controllers. Among the unconfirmed and often contradictory news reports aired throughout the day, one of the most prevalent said a car bomb had been detonated at the U.S. State Department's headquarters in Washington, D.C. Another jet—Delta Air Lines Flight 1989—was suspected of having been hijacked, but the aircraft responded to controllers and landed safely in Cleveland, Ohio.In an April 2002 interview, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and Ramzi bin al-Shibh, who are believed to have organized the attacks, said Flight 93's intended target was the United States Capitol, not the White House. During the planning stage of the attacks, Mohamed Atta, the hijacker and pilot of Flight 11, thought the White House might be too tough a target and sought an assessment from Hani Hanjour (who hijacked and piloted Flight 77). Atta said al-Qaeda initially planned to target nuclear installations rather than the World Trade Center and the Pentagon, but decided against it, fearing things could "get out of control". Final decisions on targets, according to Atta, were left in the hands of the pilots.
Danica Mae McKellar (born January 3, 1975) is an American actress, voice actress, mathematics writer, and education advocate. She played Kevin Arnold's on - off girlfriend Winnie Cooper in the television series The Wonder Years.
Wrong Side of Town is a 2010 American action film written, produced and directed by David DeFalco, scored by Jim Kaufman, and starring Rob Van Dam and Dave Bautista. The film was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on February 23, 2010.
Chang Kia-ngau was a supporter of reform in China and started his public service career in 1910 as editor-in-chief of the "Official Gazette" published by the Ministry of Communications. In 1913 he started his banking career assistant manager of the Bank of China in Shanghai. He distinguished himself just a few years later in 1916 when he refused a request by Yuan Shikai to stop redeeming banknotes for silver. The move was meant to secure silver deposits for Yuan's use, but would have undermined confidence in the new currency, so Chang disregarded the order and was instrumental in the bank's separation from the Peking government's control. By 1923, the Bank of China was almost exclusively owned by private, Shanghai-based shareholders, and during the next decade, it became the largest bank, by far, in Republican China.
Born in Hamilton, Ontario, the son of William Addison Child and Elizabeth Helen (Harvey) Child graduated from Ridley College, St. Catharines in 1915 and then studied at Trinity College where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree after serving during World War I. He received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Christ's College, Cambridge in 1921 and received a Master of Arts and Ph.D. from Harvard University. He was a journalist and taught for a time at the University of British Columbia while writing several novels. In 1942, he became a professor at Trinity College eventually becoming Chancellor's Professor of English.
Dwayne Mars (born 9 February 1989) is a Barbadian international footballer who plays for Notre Dame SC, as a striker.
Later fresco replaced the more labor-intensive technique of mosaic in Western-Europe, although mosaics were sometimes used as decoration on medieval cathedrals. The Royal Basilica of the Hungarian kings in Székesfehérvár (Alba Regia) had a mosaic decoration in the apse. It was probably a work of Venetian or Ravennese craftsmen, executed in the first decades of the 11th century. The mosaic was almost totally destroyed together with the basilica in the 17th century. The Golden Gate of the St. Vitus Cathedral in Prague got its name from the golden 14th-century mosaic of the Last Judgement above the portal. It was executed by Venetian craftsmen.
Princess Fiona is a fictional main character who serves as the female lead in DreamWorks' animated Shrek film series. She made her first appearance in the first film in the franchise, Shrek (2001), voiced by American actress Cameron Diaz.
Due to great differences in terrain, the climate of the province is highly variable. In general it has strong monsoonal influences, with rainfall heavily concentrated in the summer. Under the Köppen climate classification, the Sichuan Basin (including Chengdu) in the eastern half of the province experiences a humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cwa or Cfa), with long, hot, humid summers and short, mild to cool, dry and cloudy winters. Consequently, it has China's lowest sunshine totals. The western region has mountainous areas producing a cooler but sunnier climate. Having cool to very cold winters and mild summers, temperatures generally decrease with greater elevation. However, due to high altitude and its inland location, many areas such as Garze County and Zoige County in Sichuan exhibit a subarctic climate (Köppen Dwc)- featuring extremely cold winters down to -30 °C and even cold summer nights. The region is geologically active with landslides and earthquakes. Average elevation ranges from 2,000 to 3,500 meters; average temperatures range from 0 to 15 °C. The southern part of the province, including Panzhihua and Xichang, has a sunny climate with short, very mild winters and very warm to hot summers.
Crown of Aragon Corona d'Aragón (Aragonese) Corona d'Aragó (Catalan) Corona Aragonum (Latin) Corona de Aragón (Spanish) Aragoiko koroa (Basque) Composite monarchy, confederation of kingdoms, or individual polities ruled by one king 1162 -- 1716 Standard Coat of arms Territories subject to the Crown of Aragon in 1441 Capital see Capital below Languages Official languages: Aragonese, Catalan, Latin Minority languages: Occitan, Sardinian, Corsican, Neapolitan, Sicilian, Castilian, Basque, Greek, Maltese, Andalusian Arabic, Mozarabic Religion Majority religion: Roman Catholic Minority religions: Sunni Islam, Sephardic Judaism, Greek Orthodoxy Government Feudal monarchy subject to pacts Monarch 1162 -- 1164 Petronilla (first) 1479 - 1504 1479 -- 1516 Isabella I and Ferdinand II 1700 -- 1716 Charles III (last) Legislature Cortz d'Aragón Corts Catalanes Corts Valencianes Historical era Middle Ages / Early modern period Union of the Kingdom of Aragon and the County of Barcelona 1162 Conquest of the Kingdom of Majorca 1231 Conquest of the Kingdom of Valencia 1238 -- 1245 Conquest of the Kingdom of Sardinia 1324 -- 1420 Union of Ferdinand II and Isabella I 19 October 1469 Conquest of the Kingdom of Naples 1501 -- 1504 Nueva Planta decrees 1716 Area 1443 250,000 km (97,000 sq mi) Preceded by Succeeded by Kingdom of Aragon County of Barcelona Habsburg Spain Today part of Andorra France Greece Italy Malta Spain Tunisia
Mohammad Ranjbar (1 January 1935 – 29 June 2004) was an Iranian footballer and coach. Ranjbar played for Taj Tehran and Pas Tehran. He was a member and captain of Iran national football team. He was also head coach of national team in 1972.
George Matthews (sometimes listed as Georges) (September 23, 1912 in Dominica, British West Indies – June 28, 1982 in New York City) was a jazz trombonist.
The Moscow Kremlin (Russian: Моско́вский Кремль, tr. Moskovskiy Kreml, IPA: (mɐˈskofskjɪj krjemlj)), usually referred to as the Kremlin, is a fortified complex at the heart of Moscow, overlooking the Moskva River to the south, Saint Basil's Cathedral and Red Square to the east, and the Alexander Garden to the west. It is the best known of the kremlins (Russian citadels) and includes five palaces, four cathedrals, and the enclosing Kremlin Wall with Kremlin towers. Also within this complex is the Grand Kremlin Palace that was formerly the tsar's Moscow residence. The complex serves as the official residence of the President of the Russian Federation.
The people of Somerset are mentioned in the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle's entry for AD 845, in the inflected form "Sumursætum", and the county is recorded in the entry for 1015 using the same name. The archaic name Somersetshire was mentioned in the Chronicle's entry for 878. Although "Somersetshire" was in common use as an alternative name for the county, it went out of fashion in the late 19th century, and is no longer used possibly due to the adoption of "Somerset" as the county's official name after the establishment of the county council in 1889. As with other counties not ending in "shire," the suffix was superfluous, as there was no need to differentiate between the county and a town within it.
Deuteronilus Mensae is a region on Mars 937 km across and centered at . It covers 344°–325° West and 40°–48° North. Deuteronilus region lies just to the north of Arabia Terra and is included in the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle. It is along the dichotomy boundary, that is between the old, heavily cratered southern highlands and the low plains of the northern hemisphere. The region contains flat-topped knobby terrain that may have been formed by glaciers at some time in the past. Deuteronilus Mensae is to the immediate west of Protonilus Mensae and Ismeniae Fossae. Glaciers persist in the region in modern times, with at least one glacier estimated to have formed as recently as 100,000 to 10,000 years ago. Recent evidence from the radar on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has shown that parts of Deuteronilus Mensae do indeed contain ice.
The Mercedes - Benz G - Class, sometimes called G - Wagen (short for Geländewagen, ``cross country vehicle ''), is a mid-size four - wheel drive luxury SUV manufactured by Magna Steyr (formerly Steyr - Daimler - Puch) in Austria and sold by Mercedes - Benz. In certain markets, it has been sold under the Puch name as Puch G. The G - wagen is characterized by its boxy styling and body - on - frame construction. It uses three fully locking differentials, one of the few vehicles to have such a feature. Despite the introduction of an intended replacement, the unibody SUV Mercedes - Benz GL - Class in 2006, the G - Class is still in production and is one of the longest produced Mercedes - Benz in Daimler's history, with a span of 35 years. Only the Unimog surpasses it.
"Mama's Little Girl" is a song by Paul McCartney that was taped in March 1972 during the "Red Rose Speedway" recording sessions.
Bedel was a native of Oxfordshire. One Henry Bedel took the degree of B.A. at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, on 13 February 1555-6, and M.A. 1566 (Wood, "Fasti Oxon". (Bliss), i. 146, 172). Wood is not certain, but it seems probable from the dates, that this graduate was identical with the preacher of the same name. Bedel was collated to the rectorship of St. Pancras, Soper Lane, on 4 October 1561, and preferred to the vicarship of Christ Church, London, on 28 January 1567. The latter living he resigned in 1576 (Newcourt, '"Rep".' i. 320, 519). While vicar of Christ Church he preached "a sermon exhorting to pity of the poor, which treatise may well be called the mouth of the poor". It was delivered on 15 November 1571 and published in 1573. Waterland praises it as "learned and elaborate". This is his only extant work, although Wood says that he was the author of other sermons.
By the end of the Western Roman Empire, the town was known simply as Parisius in Latin and Paris in French. Christianity was introduced in the middle of the 3rd century AD. According to tradition, it was brought by Saint Denis, the first Bishop of Paris. When he refused to renounce his faith, he was beheaded on the hill which became known as the "Mountain of Martyrs" (Mons Martyrum), eventually "Montmartre". His burial place became an important religious shrine; the Basilica of Saint-Denis was built there and became the burial place of the French Kings.
Hooray for Bix! is an album by American jazz guitarist Marty Grosz and his Honorus Causa Jazz Band featuring compositions associated with legendary cornetist Bix Beiderbecke recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label.
Herbert Schilder (8 September 1928 in Brooklyn, New York – 25 January 2006 in Newton, Massachusetts) was a dental surgeon. Schilder is best known for the improvements he made to root canal therapies (endodontic therapy) in the 1960s, when he taught at the Boston University School of Dental Medicine.
Karwat is a 1982 Bollywood action film directed by Anil Ganguly, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Rakesh Roshan, Bindiya Goswami and Zarina Wahab .
The economy of India is a developing mixed economy. It is the world's sixth - largest economy by nominal GDP and the third - largest by purchasing power parity (PPP). The country ranks 141st in per capita GDP (nominal) with $1723 and 123rd in per capita GDP (PPP) with $6,616 as of 2016. After 1991 economic liberalisation, India achieved 6 - 7% average GDP growth annually. In FY 2015 and 2017 India's economy became the world's fastest growing major economy surpassing China.
USS "Dextrous" (AM-341) was an acquired by the United States Navy for the dangerous task of removing mines from minefields laid in the water to prevent ships from passing.
Bristol Commercial Vehicles was a vehicle manufacturer located in Bristol, England. Most production was of buses but trucks and railbus chassis were also built.
# Director Photo Service Term President (s) served under MG Ralph Canine USA 1952 -- 1956 Harry S. Truman Dwight D. Eisenhower Lt Gen John Samford USAF 1956 -- 1960 Dwight D. Eisenhower VADM Laurence Frost USN 1960 -- 1962 Dwight D. Eisenhower John F. Kennedy Lt Gen Gordon Blake USAF 1962 -- 1965 John F. Kennedy Lyndon B. Johnson LTG Marshall Carter USA 1965 -- 1969 Lyndon B. Johnson Richard Nixon 6 VADM Noel Gayler USN 1969 -- 1972 Richard Nixon 7 Lt Gen Samuel C. Phillips USAF 1972 -- 1973 Richard Nixon 8 Lt Gen Lew Allen USAF 1973 -- 1977 Richard Nixon Gerald Ford Jimmy Carter 9 VADM Bobby Ray Inman USN 1977 -- 1981 Jimmy Carter Ronald Reagan 10 Lt Gen Lincoln Faurer USAF 1981 -- 1985 Ronald Reagan 11 LTG William Odom USA 1985 -- 1988 Ronald Reagan 12 VADM William Studeman USN 1988 -- 1992 Ronald Reagan George H.W. Bush 13 VADM John M. McConnell USN 1992 -- 1996 George H.W. Bush Bill Clinton 14 Lt Gen Kenneth A. Minihan USAF 1996 -- 1999 Bill Clinton 15 Lt Gen Michael Hayden USAF 1999 -- 2005 Bill Clinton George W. Bush 16 LTG / GEN Keith B. Alexander USA August 1, 2005 -- March 28, 2014 George W. Bush Barack Obama 17 ADM Michael S. Rogers USN April 2, 2014 -- present Barack Obama Donald Trump
The Rehabilitation Center at Hollywood Hills was a private nursing home located in Hollywood, Florida, United States with 152 beds. It was owned by Jack Michel and affiliated with Larkin Community Hospital. It was acquired by Hollywood Property Investments in 2015.
In January 2009 President Barack Obama restored US funding to UNFPA, saying in a public statement that he would "look forward to working with Congress to restore US financial support for the UN Population Fund. By resuming funding to UNFPA, the US will be joining 180 other donor nations working collaboratively to reduce poverty, improve the health of women and children, prevent HIV/AIDS and provide family planning assistance to women in 154 countries."
The Constitution of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam () is the current constitution of Vietnam, adopted on 28 November 2013 by the Thirteenth National Assembly, and took effect on 1 January 2014. It is the fourth constitution adopted by the Vietnamese government since the political reunification of the country in 1976.
Lee Eddy is an American stage actress, comedian and writer. She was born in Shreveport, Louisiana where as a child she was a member of The Peter Pan Players. Eddy has appeared in the one-woman show "LadeeLeroy". Eddy regularly performs in Austin, Texas with the Salvage Vanguard Theater. She was well-reviewed when she appeared in an annual production of "The Santaland Diaries".
The Port of Lowestoft is a harbour in Lowestoft in the English county of Suffolk owned by Associated British Ports. It is the most easterly harbour in the United Kingdom and has direct sea access to the North Sea. The harbour is made up of two sections divided by a bascule bridge. The inner harbour is formed by Lake Lothing whilst the outer harbour is constructed from breakwaters.
Nuraliza Osman grew up in Singapore and was a top student and scholar at the [Methodist Girls School] where she won many accolades and excelled academically. She then attended Victoria Junior College where she studied pre-medicine classes and French. Her studies in French took her to France where she studied briefly prior to attending university. She is described by her peers as a funny, lovely, independent and determined person who was well-loved. At Methodist Girls School and Victoria Junior College, she was known for her frank, honest and tomboyish image. Many were surprised at how feminine she became for the Miss Universe competition.
The Taifa of Saltés and Huelva was a medieval Moorish taifa kingdom that existed in southern Iberia from around 1012 to 1051. From 1051 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.
Prague underground was an underground culture developed in Prague, Czechoslovakia in the late 1960s and 1970s during the Normalization period. The movement was characterized by resistance against conformity, conventions, and consumerism. Because of its non-conformity, it had serious problems with the communist regime which considered it as a political opposition.
Legislative power lies with the Nitijela. The upper house of Parliament, called the Council of Iroij, is an advisory body comprising twelve tribal chiefs. The executive branch consists of the President and the Presidential Cabinet, which consists of ten ministers appointed by the President with the approval of the Nitijela. The twenty-four electoral districts into which the country is divided correspond to the inhabited islands and atolls. There are currently four political parties in the Marshall Islands: Aelon̄ Kein Ad (AKA), United People's Party (UPP), Kien Eo Am (KEA) and United Democratic Party (UDP). Rule is shared by the AKA and the UDP. The following senators are in the legislative body:
"No Compromises" is the first episode of the fifth season of the science-fiction television series "Babylon 5". This was the first episode of "Babylon 5" to air on TNT.
The University of Chicago also maintains facilities apart from its main campus. The university's Booth School of Business maintains campuses in Singapore, London, and the downtown Streeterville neighborhood of Chicago. The Center in Paris, a campus located on the left bank of the Seine in Paris, hosts various undergraduate and graduate study programs. In fall 2010, the University of Chicago also opened a center in Beijing, near Renmin University's campus in Haidian District. The most recent additions are a center in New Delhi, India, which opened in 2014, and a center in Hong Kong which opened in 2015.
The Graham Children is an oil painting completed by William Hogarth in 1742. It is a group portrait depicting the four children of Daniel Graham, apothecary to King George II. The youngest child had died by the time the painting was completed.
In European countries which were most profoundly influenced by the Reformation, Protestantism still remains the most practiced religion. These include the Nordic countries and the United Kingdom. In other historical Protestant strongholds such as Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland, Latvia, Estonia and Hungary, it remains one of the most popular religions. Although Czech Republic was the site of one of the most significant pre-reformation movements, there are only few Protestant adherents; mainly due to historical reasons like persecution of Protestants by the Catholic Habsburgs, restrictions during the Communist rule, and also the ongoing secularization. Over the last several decades, religious practice has been declining as secularization has increased. According to a 2012 study about Religiosity in the European Union in 2012 by Eurobarometer, Protestants made up 12% of the EU population. According to Pew Research Center, Protestants constituted nearly one fifth (or 17.8%) of the continent's Christian population in 2010. Clarke and Beyer estimate that Protestants constituted 15% of all Europeans in 2009, while Noll claims that less than 12% of them lived in Europe in 2010.
Although the importation of slaves to St Helena had been banned in 1792, the phased emancipation of over 800 resident slaves did not take place until 1827, which was still some six years before the British Parliament passed legislation to ban slavery in the colonies.
Peter Andreas Morén (born 5 May 1976 in Mora, Sweden) is a Swedish musician. He is the guitarist and vocalist of the indie rock trio Peter Bjorn and John. He is also a founding member of the Stockholm-based artist collective INGRID.
Connectix Corporation was a software and hardware company, noted for having released innovative products that were either made obsolete as Apple Computer incorporated the ideas into system software, or were sold to other companies once they become popular. It was formed in October 1988 by Jon Garber; dominant board members and co-founders were Garber, Bonnie Fought (the two were later married), and close friend Roy McDonald. McDonald was still Chief Executive Officer and president when Connectix finally closed in August 2003.
In May 2014, prior to the launch of YouTube's subscription-based Music Key service, the independent music trade organization Worldwide Independent Network alleged that YouTube was using non-negotiable contracts with independent labels that were "undervalued" in comparison to other streaming services, and that YouTube would block all music content from labels who do not reach a deal to be included on the paid service. In a statement to the Financial Times in June 2014, Robert Kyncl confirmed that YouTube would block the content of labels who do not negotiate deals to be included in the paid service "to ensure that all content on the platform is governed by its new contractual terms." Stating that 90% of labels had reached deals, he went on to say that "while we wish that we had [a] 100% success rate, we understand that is not likely an achievable goal and therefore it is our responsibility to our users and the industry to launch the enhanced music experience." The Financial Times later reported that YouTube had reached an aggregate deal with Merlin Network—a trade group representing over 20,000 independent labels, for their inclusion in the service. However, YouTube itself has not confirmed the deal.
Rex Wockner (born 1957) is an American freelance journalist who has reported news for the gay press and mainstream periodicals since 1985. His work has appeared in more than 325 gay publications in 38 countries.
Estádio José do Rego Maciel, also known as Estádio do Arruda, is a multi-purpose stadium in Recife, Brazil. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium was built in 1972 and is able to hold 60,044 spectators. Estádio do Arruda is owned by Santa Cruz Futebol Clube. The stadium is named after José do Rego Maciel, who was Recife's mayor between 1952 and 1955.
C10orf76 or chromosome 10 open reading frame 76, also known as UPF0668, is a protein that in humans is encoded by the "c10orf76" gene. Its function is not currently known, but experimental evidence has suggested that it may be involved in transcriptional regulation. The protein contains a conserved proline-rich motif, suggesting that it may participate in protein-protein interactions via an SH3-binding domain, although no such interactions have been experimentally verified. The well-conserved gene appears to have emerged in Fungi approximately 1.2 billion years ago. The locus is alternatively spliced and predicted to yield five protein variants, three of which contain a protein domain of unknown function, DUF1741.
The Potomac River (/ pəˈtoʊmək / (listen)) is located along the mid-Atlantic Ocean coast of the United States and flows into the Chesapeake Bay. The river (main stem and North Branch) is approximately 405 miles (652 km) long, with a drainage area of about 14,700 square miles (38,000 km). In terms of area, this makes the Potomac River the fourth largest river along the Atlantic coast of the United States and the 21st largest in the United States. Over 5 million people live within the Potomac watershed.
San Nicolas is one of the sixteen districts in the city of Manila in the Philippines. It is located at the west central part of the city, on the northern bank of Pasig River bounded by the districts of Binondo to the east, and Tondo to the north and west. This community has kept its 19th-century ancestral houses, which symbolizes the wealthy lives of the people who used to live there, similar to the ancestral houses of Silay and Vigan.
Córdoba Department (, ) is a Department of the Republic of Colombia located to the north of this country in the Colombian Caribbean Region. Córdoba faces to the north with the Caribbean Sea, to the northeast with the Sucre Department, east with the Bolívar Department and south with the Antioquia Department. Its capital is the city of Montería.
Sokolniki District () is a district of the Eastern Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow located in the north-east corner of the city. Population:
Michael Waltrip Racing Holdings LLC, doing business as Michael Waltrip Racing ("MWR"), was an American professional stock car racing team that last competed full-time in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series. The company was as a 50–50 partnership between Robert Kauffman, the founder and managing partner of Fortress Investment Group, and two-time Daytona 500 winner Michael Waltrip, who first established the team in 1996 in the Busch Series (now Xfinity Series). The team was the first full-time three-car team to field Toyota Camrys when Toyota entered the Sprint Cup racing fold in 2007, before being joined by Joe Gibbs Racing in 2008. MWR was also the last original Toyota team in the Sprint Cup Series to still be in operation, as Bill Davis Racing and Red Bull Racing Team have both ceased operations.
A native of Sheridan, Michigan, Benjamin Franklin Bailey studied electrical engineering at the University of Michigan and later held the positions of chief engineer of the Fairbanks Morse Electrical Manufacturing Company and Howell Electrical Motor Company, director of Bailey Electrical Company, and vice-president and director of the Fremont Motor Corporation.
The Gulf of Mexico (Spanish: Golfo de México) is an ocean basin and a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean,  largely surrounded by the North American continent. It is bounded on the northeast, north and northwest by the Gulf Coast of the United States, on the southwest and south by Mexico, and on the southeast by Cuba. The U.S. states of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Florida border the Gulf on the north, which are often referred to as the "Third Coast", in comparison with the U.S. Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
By the 2000 census, demographic changes including the end to slavery, immigration from Europe and Asia, assimilation of multiracial persons, and other factors resulted in a population in which 6.2% of the population identified as black, 40% as pardo, and 55% as white. Essentially most of the black population was absorbed into the multi-racial category by intermixing. A 2007 genetic study found that at least 29% of the middle-class, white Brazilian population had some recent (since 1822 and the end of the colonial period) African ancestry.
August 25 -- 28, 2017 -- Hurricane Harvey, the first Category 4 hurricane to make landfall in Texas since Hurricane Carla (1961), hit the coast near Rockport. To date, the full extent of the week - long impact is unknown.
Beverley Elliott (born 31 December) is a Canadian actress and singer - songwriter. She is best known for playing the role of Granny in Once Upon a Time, Maggie Krell in Harper's Island, Brick Bannerman in Kingdom Hospital and Sally Duffield in Bordertown.
The Appalachian Mountains are the coolest area of the state, with temperatures averaging in the low 40s and upper 30s °F (6–3 °C) for highs in the winter and falling into the low 20s °F (−5 °C) or lower on winter nights. Relatively cool summers have temperatures rarely rising above 80 °F (27 °C). Average snowfall in many areas exceeds 30 in (76 cm) per year, and can be heavy at the higher elevations; for example, during the Blizzard of 1993 more than 60 in (152 cm) of snow fell on Mount Mitchell over a period of three days. Mount Mitchell has received snow in every month of the year.
Born in Dickson County, Tennessee, he later moved to Clarksville, Arkansas and established a law practice. He was admitted to the bar in 1841 and was one of the first attorneys in Johnson County. From 1853 to 1858 he was a circuit judge for the Fourth Judicial Circuit of Arkansas. In 1858 he served as a justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court, a position he resigned in 1860. Batson as a delegate to Arkansas Secession Convention prior to the Civil War in 1861 and voted for secession. During the American Civil War, he represented the First Congressional District of northwest Arkansas in the First Confederate Congress and the Second Confederate Congress House of Representatives. Batson defeated well known Arkansas politician Hugh French Thomason to win election in November 1861.
In this equation, a dimensional constant  is used to describe the relative strength of gravity. This constant has come to be known as Newton's Universal Gravitation Constant, though its value was unknown in Newton's lifetime. Not until 1798 was Henry Cavendish able to make the first measurement of  using a torsion balance; this was widely reported in the press as a measurement of the mass of the Earth since knowing  could allow one to solve for the Earth's mass given the above equation. Newton, however, realized that since all celestial bodies followed the same laws of motion, his law of gravity had to be universal. Succinctly stated, Newton's Law of Gravitation states that the force on a spherical object of mass  due to the gravitational pull of mass  is
Mark Everett Sloan, M.D., F.A.C.S. is a fictional surgeon from the ABC medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, portrayed by Eric Dane. Dr. Sloan is an attending specializing in plastic surgery. Dr. Sloan earned the nickname ``McSteamy ''for his good looks by the female interns of Seattle Grace later Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital. He was good friends with Dr. Derek Shepherd, a fellow physician at Seattle Grace, but was the catalyst for the end of Shepherd's marriage when Shepherd caught Sloan sleeping with his wife, Addison. Later, he pursues a 'forbidden' relationship with Dr. Lexie Grey, straining his relationship with Derek yet again. He reveals that he loves Lexie in episodes`` Migration'', ``Flight '',`` Going, Going, Gone'', and ``Remember The Time ''In the show's ninth season, he dies of injuries sustained in a jet plane crash that also injured or killed several of his colleagues from the hospital.
Indonesia lies between latitudes 11°S and 6°N, and longitudes 95°E and 141°E. It is the largest archipelagic country in the world, extending 5,120 kilometres (3,181 mi) from east to west and 1,760 kilometres (1,094 mi) from north to south. According to the country's Coordinating Ministry for Maritime Affairs, Indonesia has 17,504 islands (16,056 of which are registered at the UN), scattered over both sides of the equator, and with about 6,000 of them inhabited. The largest are Java, Sumatra, Borneo (shared with Brunei and Malaysia), Sulawesi, and New Guinea (shared with Papua New Guinea). Indonesia shares land borders with Malaysia on Borneo, Papua New Guinea on the island of New Guinea, and East Timor on the island of Timor, and maritime borders with Singapore, Malaysia, Vietnam, the Philippines, Palau, and Australia.
The Roman conquest of Britain was a gradual process, beginning effectively in AD 43 under Emperor Claudius, whose general Aulus Plautius served as first governor of Roman Britain (Latin: Britannia). Great Britain had already frequently been the target of invasions, planned and actual, by forces of the Roman Republic and Roman Empire. In common with other regions on the edge of the empire, Britain had enjoyed diplomatic and trading links with the Romans in the century since Julius Caesar's expeditions in 55 and 54 BC, and Roman economic and cultural influence was a significant part of the British late pre-Roman Iron Age, especially in the south.
Banna is a town, and one of twenty union councils in Battagram District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
The Pareto principle (also known as the 80 / 20 rule, the law of the vital few, or the principle of factor sparsity) states that, for many events, roughly 80% of the effects come from 20% of the causes. Management consultant Joseph M. Juran suggested the principle and named it after Italian economist Vilfredo Pareto, who noted the 80 / 20 connection while at the University of Lausanne in 1896, as published in his first paper, ``Cours d'économie politique ''. Essentially, Pareto showed that approximately 80% of the land in Italy was owned by 20% of the population; Pareto developed the principle by observing that about 20% of the peapods in his garden contained 80% of the peas.
In the U.S. News & World Report's "America’s Best Colleges" 2016 issue, KU’s School of Engineering was ranked tied for 90th among national universities.
Atajate is a municipality in the province of Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalucia in southern Spain. It is located east of the province in the Genal Valley and is one of the towns that make up the region of the Serrania de Ronda. It is the least populated town in the province of Málaga.
The Aztec capital of Tenochtitlan became the Spanish capital Mexico City, which was and remains the most populous city in Mexico.
Among the results of the Greek and Islamic influence on this period in European history was the replacement of Roman numerals with the decimal positional number system and the invention of algebra, which allowed more advanced mathematics. Astronomy advanced following the translation of Ptolemy's Almagest from Greek into Latin in the late 12th century. Medicine was also studied, especially in southern Italy, where Islamic medicine influenced the school at Salerno.
El Club de Los Tigritos is a Spanish-language children's variety program originating in Venezuela on the Venevision television network beginning in 1994, and syndicated to other stations and networks around the world. In 2000, the show became "Rugemania". The show was notable for featuring almost entirely children and teenagers as performers and hosts, and it consisted of various segments of singing, dancing, and acting. The dance group was known as the Ballet de Marjorie Flores after its teacher and choreographer.
Paul Augustine Leyden (born 16 December 1972) is an Australian actor, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for playing the role of Simon Frasier on the daytime soap opera As the World Turns. He played Simon in the 2009 mini series ``Maneater ''. He also had a brief stint on The Young and the Restless as`` Blake''.
Demon Thief is a book in Darren Shan's "Demonata" series. Though it is the second book in the series, it is a prequel to "Lord Loss", the first book in the series. The protagonist is also different from that of the first book. The narrator here is a new character called Kernel Fleck, as opposed to Grubbs Grady, the protagonist of the first book. Demon Thief takes place about thirty years before "Lord Loss" so most of the characters from the first book did not appear, though a few did. It was also actually the sixth book of the Demonata to be written, although it was the second released.
In 1807, Thomas Young was possibly the first to use the term "energy" instead of vis viva, in its modern sense. Gustave-Gaspard Coriolis described "kinetic energy" in 1829 in its modern sense, and in 1853, William Rankine coined the term "potential energy". The law of conservation of energy was also first postulated in the early 19th century, and applies to any isolated system. It was argued for some years whether heat was a physical substance, dubbed the caloric, or merely a physical quantity, such as momentum. In 1845 James Prescott Joule discovered the link between mechanical work and the generation of heat.
The concept of Germany as a distinct region in central Europe can be traced to Roman commander Julius Caesar, who referred to the unconquered area east of the Rhine as Germania, thus distinguishing it from Gaul (France), which he had conquered. The victory of the Germanic tribes in the Battle of the Teutoburg Forest (AD 9) prevented annexation by the Roman Empire, although the Roman provinces of Germania Superior and Germania Inferior were established along the Rhine. Following the Fall of the Western Roman Empire, the Franks conquered the other West Germanic tribes. When the Frankish Empire was divided among Charlemagne's heirs in 843, the eastern part became East Francia. In 962, Otto I became the first emperor of the Holy Roman Empire, the medieval German state.
The Colorado Springs OTC was the first to be built, and has been the home of the U.S. Olympic Committee since 1978. Its location on the former Ent Air Force Base was selected for its relatively high elevation, which is often thought to improve training effectiveness. Its facilities include an Olympic - size swimming pool, an indoor shooting range, the Olympic Training Center Velodrome, two sports centers housing numerous gymnasiums and weight rooms, and a sports science laboratory, in addition to an athlete center and dining hall, several dormitories, a visitors' center, and the offices of both the USOC and U.S. Paralympics.
The Korean side of the river was heavily industrialized during the period of Japanese rule (1910 -- 1945), and by 1945 almost 20% of Imperial Japan's total industrial output originated in Korea. During the Korean War, the movement of United Nations troops approaching the river precipitated massive Chinese intervention from around Dandong. In the course of the conflict every bridge across the river except one was destroyed. The one remaining bridge was the Sino -- Korean Friendship Bridge connecting Sinuiju, North Korea to Dandong, China. During the war the valley surrounding the western end of the river also became the focal point of a series of dogfights for air superiority over North Korea, earning the nickname ``MiG Alley ''in reference to the MiG - 15 fighters flown by the combined North Korean, Chinese and Soviet forces.
Satan's Circus is the fourth studio album by Death in Vegas, released on 11 October 2004 on Drone Records in the United Kingdom and on 24 May 2005 on Sanctuary Records in the United States. Contrary to previous releases, this album features no guest vocalists. This album is the first release through Death in Vegas's own label, Drone Records. It peaked at #79 on the French Albums Chart.
The company was co-founded by Astaire along with Charles and Chester Casanave in 1947. Astaire divested his interest in the chain in 1966, while agreeing the continued use of his name by the franchise. The studios became franchised in 1950; currently there are no corporate owned studios. Each franchise is individually owned & operated. Currently there are 140 Fred Astaire studios in the United States alone. As of December 2010, Fred Astaire Dance Studios will now be franchising around the world and has studios opened in countries like Lebanon and South Africa.
Shepherds is a closed railway platform on the Main South railway line in New South Wales, Australia. The platform opened in 1893 and closed in 1975. No trace now remains of the platform.
The Sepon mine is one of the largest gold mines in Laos and in the world. The mine is located in the south of the country in Savannakhet Province. The mine has estimated reserves of 7.65 million oz of gold.
Scarlett Johansson portrayed the character in the films Iron Man 2 (2010), The Avengers (2012), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Captain America: Civil War (2016), Avengers: Infinity War (2018) and the Untitled Avengers film (2019) as a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise.
Mr. Noodle and his siblings -- Mr. Noodle's brother Mister Noodle, Ms Noodle, and Miss Noodle -- are characters who appear in the ``Elmo's World ''segments during the educational children's television program Sesame Street. Mr. Noodle was played by Broadway actor Bill Irwin, who had previously worked with Arlene Sherman, executive producer of Sesame Street and co-creator of`` Elmo's World'', in short films for the program.
Thousands of Muscovites came out to defend the White House (the Russian Federation's parliament and Yeltsin's office), the symbolic seat of Russian sovereignty at the time. The organizers tried but ultimately failed to arrest Yeltsin, who rallied opposition to the coup with speech-making atop a tank. The special forces dispatched by the coup leaders took up positions near the White House, but members refused to storm the barricaded building. The coup leaders also neglected to jam foreign news broadcasts, so many Muscovites watched it unfold live on CNN. Even the isolated Gorbachev was able to stay abreast of developments by tuning into BBC World Service on a small transistor radio.
"Kissed Off" is the 13th episode in the third season, the 54th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on February 5, 2009. The episode was written by David Grubstick and directed by Rose Troche.
Trio for Blunt Instruments is a collection of Nero Wolfe mystery novellas by Rex Stout, published in 1964 by the Viking Press in the United States and simultaneously by MacMillan & Company in Canada. The book comprises three stories:
New Plaza Stadium (Simplified Chinese: 佛山新广场体育场) was a multi-use stadium in Foshan, China. It was used mostly for football matches and was one of the six stadiums used for the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup. The stadium was a capacity of 14,000 people.
Freshman Mitch Kramer (Wiley Wiggins) escapes the initial hazing with his best friend Carl Burnett (Esteban Powell), but is later cornered after a baseball game and violently paddled. Fred O'Bannion (Ben Affleck), a senior participating in the hazing tradition for a second year after failing to graduate, delights in punishing Mitch. Pink gives the injured Mitch a ride home and offers to take him cruising with friends that night. Plans for the evening are ruined when Kevin Pickford's (Shawn Andrews) parents discover his intention to host a keg party. Elsewhere, the intellectual trio of Cynthia Dunn (Marissa Ribisi), Tony Olson (Anthony Rapp), and Mike Newhouse (Adam Goldberg) decide to participate in the evening's activities. Pink and his friend David Wooderson (Matthew McConaughey), a man in his early 20s who still socializes with high school students, pick up Mitch and head for the Emporium, a pool hall frequented by teenagers.
Al Kharaitiyat SC () is a Qatari sports club based in the town of Al Kharaitiyat, best known for its football team of the Qatar Stars League. Home games are played at Al-Khawr Stadium in the northern city of Al Khor. They are a relatively new club, having been formed in 1996. They won the Qatari Second Division in 2004 meaning that they would play in the QSL the following season. However, they were relegated on their very first season in the top flight. They once again regained their position in the Qatar Stars League in the 2008–09 season and have remained there ever since.
The Real Housewives of Atlanta (abbreviated RHOA) is an American reality television series that premiered on October 7, 2008, on Bravo. Developed as the third installment of The Real Housewives franchise, following The Real Housewives of Orange County and New York City, it has aired nine seasons and focuses on the personal and professional lives of several women residing in Atlanta, Georgia.
Balai Pustaka (; also spelled Balai Poestaka, both meaning "Bureau of Literature") is the state-owned publisher of Indonesia and publisher of major pieces of Indonesian literature such as "Salah Asuhan", "Sitti Nurbaya" and "Layar Terkembang". Its head office is in Jakarta.
The Burt Henry Covered Bridge, also known as the Henry Covered Bridge or just the Henry Bridge, is a covered bridge that spans the Walloomsac River near Bennington, Vermont. A Town lattice truss bridge, it carries River Road, just south of the village of North Bennington. Originally built about 1840, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 as Bennington County's oldest covered bridge. It was rebuilt in 1989 by the Vermont Agency of Transportation.
The Russian Synodal Bible (Russian: Синодальный перевод, The Synodal Translation) is a Russian non-Church Slavonic translation of the Bible commonly used by the Russian Orthodox Church, Russian Baptists and other Protestant as well as Roman Catholic communities in Russia.
Iain Edgar (born 1948) is a social anthropologist at Durham University. He is a leading expert in the field of dreams and dreaming, and a specialist in altered states of consciousness and mental health. Starting his career in social work, Edgar received a PhD from the University of Keele, where he studied under Ronnie Frankenberg. His thesis "Dreamwork, Anthropology and the Caring Professions: A Cultural Approach to Dreamwork" discusses a wide range of psychodynamic possibilities and develops a method to work with dreams within a professional care environment.
``Friend Like Me ''is a song from the 1992 Disney film Aladdin. It was performed by Robin Williams in his role as the Genie. The song was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 65th Academy Awards and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song at the 50th Golden Globe Awards in 1993.
The Seregovo mine is a large salt mine located in north-western Russia in Komi Republic. Seregovo represents one of the largest salt reserves in Russia having estimated reserves of 5 billion tonnes of NaCl.
Chow Hound is a Looney Tunes (reissued as a Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies in 1959) animated short directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese. Released June 16, 1951, the voices are performed by Mel Blanc, Bea Benaderet and John T. Smith.
Storm of the Century, alternatively known as Stephen King's Storm of the Century, is a 1999 American horror television miniseries written by Stephen King and directed by Craig R. Baxley. Unlike many other King mini-series, "Storm of the Century" was not based upon a Stephen King novel—King wrote it as a screenplay from the beginning. The screenplay was published in February 1999.
The Devil Horse is a 1932 American Pre-Code movie serial starring Harry Carey, Frankie Darro and Noah Beery, Sr. that was distributed by Mascot Pictures. This is regarded as the best of the three serials Harry Carey made in the early 1930's, the other two being "Last of the Mohicans" and "The Vanishing Legion". Frankie Darro had co-starred with Carey previously in "The Vanishing Legion". Lane Chandler played the murdered ranger Elliott Norton, uncredited.
"Du får göra som du vill" is a song written by Patrik Isaksson and recorded by himself for his 1999 debut album "När verkligheten tränger sig på". The song was awarded a Grammis award for "Song of the year 1999".
As a result of the Libyan Civil War, the United Nations enacted United Nations Security Council Resolution 1973, which imposed a no-fly zone over Libya, and the protection of civilians from the forces of Muammar Gaddafi. The United States, along with Britain, France and several other nations, committed a coalition force against Gaddafi's forces. On 19 March, the first U.S. action was taken when 114 Tomahawk missiles launched by US and UK warships destroyed shoreline air defenses of the Gaddafi regime. The U.S. continued to play a major role in Operation Unified Protector, the NATO-directed mission that eventually incorporated all of the military coalition's actions in the theater. Throughout the conflict however, the U.S. maintained it was playing a supporting role only and was following the UN mandate to protect civilians, while the real conflict was between Gaddafi's loyalists and Libyan rebels fighting to depose him. During the conflict, American drones were also deployed.
Virginia Ann Patton (born June 25, 1925) is an American retired businesswoman and former actress. After appearing in several films in the early 1940s, she was cast in her most well - known role as Ruth Dakin Bailey in Frank Capra's It's a Wonderful Life (1946). In 1949, Patton retired from acting, with her final film credit being The Lucky Stiff (1949).
Body Story is a mini-series produced by Wall to Wall and distributed by Channel 4 and Discovery Channel. The series aired in two seasons 1998 and 2001. Combining real-life acting and Computer-generated imagery, it shows the processes going on inside the human body in our daily life as well as facing dramatic experiences, in a docufictional style.
Passive air defence is defined by NATO as "Passive measures taken for the physical defence and protection of personnel, essential installations and equipment in order to minimize the effectiveness of air and/or missile attack". It remains a vital activity by ground forces and includes camouflage and concealment to avoid detection by reconnaissance and attacking aircraft. Measures such as camouflaging important buildings were common in the Second World War. During the Cold War the runways and taxiways of some airfields were painted green.
Blairtown is an unincorporated community in Sweetwater County, Wyoming, United States, near Rock Springs. This town was actually a mining area before it became a town. It was started by the Blair Brothers back in the 1860s. It has its own park and is located near a set of Union Pacific Railroad.
Rex Everett Chapman (born October 5, 1967) is a retired American professional basketball player. Chapman was a college standout at the University of Kentucky and went on to play for four National Basketball Association (NBA) teams through his 12-year career in the league. He later served as the vice president of player personnel with the Denver Nuggets.
Electronic Super Joy is a platform video game created by Michael Todd. The game is available for Microsoft Windows, OS X, Linux, Nintendo Wii U, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One. A PlayStation Vita release was planned, but later cancelled. The developers have announced plans to publish it on iOS and Android.
Instantbird is a cross-platform instant messaging client based on Mozilla's XULRunner and the open-source library "libpurple" used in Pidgin. Instantbird is free software available under the GNU General Public License. Over 250 add-ons allow user customization of, and addition of, features. On October 18, 2017 Florian Quèze announced that "... we are stopping development of Instantbird as a standalone product."
Amy McKenzie (born August 2, 1959 in Appleton, Wisconsin) is an American producer, director, and actress. She is one of the founders of the New Age Vaudeville theatre company and the Third Avenue Playhouse.
The National Pedagogic University ( - UPN) is Mexico's national university for teacher training. The main campus, directly adjacent to the Colegio de México in Mexico City, hosts more than 5,000 students and is the largest of more than 70 UPN campuses nationwide. The university offers both undergraduate (licenciatura) and graduate programs of study.
Somali people in the Horn of Africa are divided among different countries (Somalia, Djibouti, Ethiopia, and northeastern Kenya) that were artificially and some might say arbitrarily partitioned by the former imperial powers. Pan-Somalism is an ideology that advocates the unification of all ethnic Somalis once part of Somali empires such as the Ajuran Empire, the Adal Sultanate, the Gobroon Dynasty and the Dervish State under one flag and one nation. The Siad Barre regime actively promoted Pan-Somalism, which eventually led to the Ogaden War between Somalia on one side, and Ethiopia, Cuba and the Soviet Union on the other.
In contrast, the ROK Army defenders were relatively unprepared and ill-equipped. In South to the Naktong, North to the Yalu (1961), R.E. Appleman reports the ROK forces' low combat readiness as of 25 June 1950. The ROK Army had 98,000 soldiers (65,000 combat, 33,000 support), no tanks (they had been requested from the U.S. military, but requests were denied), and a 22-piece air force comprising 12 liaison-type and 10 AT6 advanced-trainer airplanes. There were no large foreign military garrisons in Korea at the time of the invasion, but there were large U.S. garrisons and air forces in Japan.
Mary Poppins is a 1964 American musical - fantasy film directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Walt Disney, with songs written and composed by the Sherman Brothers. The screenplay is by Bill Walsh and Don DaGradi, loosely based on P.L. Travers's book series Mary Poppins. The film, which combines live - action and animation, stars Julie Andrews in her feature film debut as Mary Poppins, who visits a dysfunctional family in London and employs her unique brand of lifestyle to improve the family's dynamic. Dick Van Dyke, David Tomlinson, and Glynis Johns are featured in supporting roles. The film was shot entirely at the Walt Disney Studios in Burbank, California using painted London background scenes.
Kublai's government after 1262 was a compromise between preserving Mongol interests in China and satisfying the demands of his Chinese subjects. He instituted the reforms proposed by his Chinese advisers by centralizing the bureaucracy, expanding the circulation of paper money, and maintaining the traditional monopolies on salt and iron. He restored the Imperial Secretariat and left the local administrative structure of past Chinese dynasties unchanged. However, Kublai rejected plans to revive the Confucian imperial examinations and divided Yuan society into three, later four, classes with the Han Chinese occupying the lowest rank. Kublai's Chinese advisers still wielded significant power in the government, but their official rank was nebulous.
The film follows six friends, members of an acting troupe who graduated from Cambridge University in 1982 and went their separate ways. Ten years later, Peter (Stephen Fry) inherits a large estate from his father, and invites the rest of the gang to spend New Year's holiday with him. Many changes have taken place in all of their lives, but Peter has a secret that will shock them all.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 2005 musical fantasy comedy film directed by Tim Burton and written by John August, based on the 1964 British novel of the same name by Roald Dahl. The film stars Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka and Freddie Highmore as Charlie Bucket. The storyline follows Charlie, who wins a contest and, along with four other contest winners, is led by Wonka on a tour of his chocolate factory, the most magnificent in the world.
The son of a clergyman, Watson was born on a ship in the bay at Saint Helena. He grew up in India before his family moved to Tasmania. He moved to New Zealand, where he worked as a schoolteacher, becoming headmaster of the Campbell Street School in Palmerston North.
The Aitik copper mine is owned by Boliden AB and situated outside the town of Gällivare in northern Sweden. It is one of Europe's largest open pit copper mines. Associated with the copper, some quantities of gold, silver are produced alongside the main production.
Paul Bettany (born 27 May 1971) is an English actor. He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. and the Vision in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, specifically the films Iron Man (2008), Iron Man 2 (2010), The Avengers (2012), Iron Man 3 (2013), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015) and Captain America: Civil War (2016), for which he garnered praise. He first came to the attention of mainstream audiences when he appeared in the British film Gangster No. 1 (2000), and director Brian Helgeland's film A Knight's Tale (2001). He has gone on to appear in a wide variety of films, including A Beautiful Mind (2001), Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World (2003), Dogville (2003), Wimbledon (2004), and the adaptation of the novel The Da Vinci Code (2006).
Portuguese is the official language of Brazil, and is widely spoken by most of population. Brazilian Sign Language is also an official language, minority languages include indigenous languages, and languages of more recent European and Asian immigrants. The population speaks or signs approximately 210 languages, of which 180 are indigenous. Less than forty thousand people actually speak any one of the indigenous languages in the Brazilian territory.
The Taifa of Tejada was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed only from 1146 to 1150 when it was conquered by the Almohad Caliphate.
Born on October 16, 1903, in Hoosick Falls, New York, McLean received an Artium Baccalaureus degree from Williams College in 1924 and a Bachelor of Laws from Harvard Law School in 1929. While at Harvard, he served on the "Harvard Law Review" with Lee Pressman and knew Alger Hiss. (In the mid-1930s, both Pressman and Hiss became members of the Ware Group, a Soviet underground apparatus founded by Harold Ware, succeeded by Whittaker Chambers).
On June 18, 2009, the National Archives announced the launching of a YouTube channel "to showcase popular archived films, inform the public about upcoming events around the country, and bring National Archives exhibits to the people." Also in 2009, the National Archives launched a Flickr photostream to share portions of its photographic holdings with the general public. A new teaching with documents website premiered in 2010 and was developed by the education team. The website features 3,000 documents, images, and recordings from the holdings of the Archives. The site also features lesson plans and tools for creating new classroom activities and lessons.
Vangjush Dako is the current mayor of the city of Durrës, Albania. He was elected to the post following the February 2007 local elections. He is a member of the Socialist Party of Albania.
Loretto High School was a small, Roman Catholic, college-preparatory school for young women in Sacramento, California. Although located in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sacramento the school was independent of the diocese. In 2005, Loretto High School celebrated its 50th anniversary. In June 2009, the school closed. Many students transferred to coed Christian Brothers and fellow all-girls St. Francis High School to complete their high school education, while others decided to go to public schools such as Mira Loma High School or El Camino Fundamental High School.
Toyota Racing Development (also known by its abbreviation TRD) is the in - house tuning shop for all Toyota, Lexus and formerly Scion cars. TRD is responsible both for improving street cars for more performance and supporting Toyota's racing interests around the world. TRD produces various tuning products and accessories, including performance suspension components, superchargers, and wheels. TRD parts are available through Toyota dealers, and are also available as accessories on brand - new Toyotas and Scions. Performance parts for Lexus vehicles are now labeled as F - Sport and performance Lexus models are labeled F to distinguish Lexus's F division from TRD.
Quail is a rural small town and census-designated place in Collingsworth County, Texas, United States. The population was 19 at the 2010 census, down from 33 at the 2000 census. The town has a post office, a general store, a small hotel and an income tax service.
Lowell Jackson Fellure (born October 3, 1931) is an American perennial political candidate and retired engineer. He was the presidential nominee of the Prohibition Party for the 2012 presidential election.
The Sacramento Kings are an American professional basketball team based in Sacramento, California. The Kings compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the Western Conference's Pacific Division. The Kings are the only team in the major professional North American sports leagues located in Sacramento. The team plays its home games at the Golden 1 Center.
The history of Sacramento, California, began with its founding by Samuel Brannan and John Augustus Sutter, Jr. in 1848 around an embarcadero that his father, John Sutter, Sr. constructed at the confluence of the American and Sacramento Rivers a few years prior.
The last time the United States declared war on any nation was in 1942, when war was declared against Axis - allied Hungary, Bulgaria, and Romania, because President Franklin Roosevelt thought it was improper to engage in hostilities against a country without a declaration of war. Since then, every American president has used military force without a declaration of war.
Yeh Raaste Hain Pyaar Ke Directed by Deepak Shivdasani Produced by Deepak Shivdasani Pradeep Sadarangani Written by Kader Khan, Robin Bhatt, K.V. Shankar (dialogues) Screenplay by Robin Bhatt, Akash Khurana, Umanand Singh Story by Deepak Shivadasani Starring Madhuri Dixit Ajay Devgn Preity Zinta Music by Sanjeev Darshan Cinematography Rajan Kinagi Edited by Shirish Kunder Distributed by Tips Industries Release date 10 August 2001 Language Hindi
Military Administration in France Militärverwaltung in Frankreich Occupation de la France par l'Allemagne 1940 -- 1944 Flag Emblem German (pink) and Italian (green) occupation zones of France: the zone occupée, the zone libre, the zone interdite, the Military Administration in Belgium and Northern France, and annexed Alsace - Lorraine. Status Territory under German military administration Capital Paris Military Commander 1940 -- 1942 Otto von Stülpnagel 1942 -- 1944 Carl - Heinrich von Stülpnagel 1944 Karl Kitzinger Historical era World War II Second Compiègne armistice 22 June 1940 Case Anton 11 November 1942 Liberation of Paris 25 August 1944 Preceded by Succeeded by French Third Republic Provisional Government of the French Republic
Donner Memorial State Park is a state park of California, US, preserving the site of the Donner Camp, where members of the ill-fated Donner Party were trapped by weather during the winter of 1846–1847. Caught without shelter or adequate supplies, members of the group resorted to cannibalism to survive. The Sierra Nevada site has been designated a National Historic Landmark. The state park contains the Emigrant Trail Museum and the Pioneer Monument dedicated to the travelers of the Emigrant Trail.
The Battle of Towton was fought on 29 March 1461 during the English Wars of the Roses, near the village of Towton in Yorkshire. A culminating battle in the dynastic struggles between the houses of Lancaster and York for control of the English throne, the engagement ended in an overwhelming victory for the Yorkists. It brought about a change of monarchs in England, with the victor, the Yorkist Edward IV having displaced the Lancastrian Henry VI (on the throne since 1422) as king, and thus driving the head of the Lancastrians and his key supporters out of the country.
Davy Crockett is a 1910 American silent starring Hobart Bosworth as Davy Crockett, with Betty Harte and Tom Santschi. The film was directed by Francis Boggs and distributed by Selig Polyscope Co. It was commercially released in the United States. With a storyline similar to the 1909 "Davy Crockett – In Hearts United", this fictional account of Crockett's life has him rescuing his lady love from marrying his rival. The movie ends with Crockett and his girlfriend riding off together.
Närke and Värmland County () was the earlier name of Örebro County in Sweden, between 1634 and 1779. In that year Värmland ceded to form Värmland County. Since Närke only corresponded the southern part of the remaining territory and the name was changed to reflect the city where the Governor resided, namely Örebro.
There are typically 40 million bacterial cells in a gram of soil and a million bacterial cells in a millilitre of fresh water. There are approximately 5×1030 bacteria on Earth, forming a biomass which exceeds that of all plants and animals. Bacteria are vital in recycling nutrients, with many of the stages in nutrient cycles dependent on these organisms, such as the fixation of nitrogen from the atmosphere and putrefaction. In the biological communities surrounding hydrothermal vents and cold seeps, bacteria provide the nutrients needed to sustain life by converting dissolved compounds, such as hydrogen sulphide and methane, to energy. On 17 March 2013, researchers reported data that suggested bacterial life forms thrive in the Mariana Trench, which with a depth of up to 11 kilometres is the deepest part of the Earth's oceans. Other researchers reported related studies that microbes thrive inside rocks up to 580 metres below the sea floor under 2.6 kilometres of ocean off the coast of the northwestern United States. According to one of the researchers, "You can find microbes everywhere — they're extremely adaptable to conditions, and survive wherever they are."
Willie Mays World Series MVP Award George Springer, 2017 World Series MVP Given for Annual Most Valuable Player of the World Series Country United States Presented by Major League Baseball History First award 1955 Most recent George Springer, 2017 Houston Astros
The Enloe Dam, also known as the Similkameen Dam, and its powerplant are located on the Similkameen River about west-northwest of Oroville, Washington. Located just above Similkameen (Coyote) Falls, the concrete arch-gravity dam stands about high, with a crest length of about , built between 1916 and 1923. The dam was named after the president of the Okanogan Valley Power Company, Eugene Enloe. The dam was operated to generate power at its powerplant, located about downstream from the dam. Lacking fish ladders, Enloe Dam blocks fish passage and completely extirpated anadromous fish migration into the upper reaches of the Similkameen River and its tributaries in Canada.
In October 2010, Manukau City mayor Len Brown was elected mayor of the amalgamated Auckland Council. He was re-elected for a second term in October 2013. Brown did not stand for re-election in the 2016 mayoral election, and was succeeded by successful candidate Phil Goff in October 2016. Twenty councillors make up the remainder of the Auckland Council governing body, elected from thirteen electoral wards.
By 390 BC, several Gallic tribes were invading Italy from the north as their culture expanded throughout Europe. The Romans were alerted to this when a particularly warlike tribe invaded two Etruscan towns close to Rome's sphere of influence. These towns, overwhelmed by the enemy's numbers and ferocity, called on Rome for help. The Romans met the Gauls in pitched battle at the Battle of Allia River around 390–387 BC. The Gauls, led by chieftain Brennus, defeated the Roman army of approximately 15,000 troops, pursued the fleeing Romans back to Rome, and sacked the city before being either driven off or bought off. Romans and Gauls continued to war intermittently in Italy for more than two centuries.[relevant? – discuss]
Fourteen men served as president of Congress. The first was Peyton Randolph, who was elected on September 5, 1774. The last president, Cyrus Griffin, resigned in November 1788. President John Hancock is remembered for his large, bold signature on the Declaration of Independence, which was adopted and signed during his presidency.
The series is set during the early 1950s, in the fictional Cotswold village of Kembleford, where Father Brown, priest at St Mary's Catholic Church, solves murder cases. A bumbling police inspector, who often arrests the wrong suspect, gets annoyed by Father Brown's success.
The Pigskin Palooka is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 159th "Our Gang" short (160th episode, 70th talking short, and 71st talking episode) that was released.
Albania first participated at the Summer Olympic Games in 1972. They missed the next four games, two of them due to the 1980 and 1984 boycotts, but returned for the 1992 games in Barcelona. They have appeared in all games since then. They made their Winter Olympic Games debut in 2006. Albania normally competes in events that include swimming, athletics, weightlifting, shooting and wrestling. The country has not yet won an Olympic medal, and along with Bosnia and Herzegovina, it is the only European non-microstate without an Olympic medal. They have been represented by the Albanian National Olympic Committee since 1972.
Jamnagar District is a district of India located on the southern coast of the Gulf of Kutch in the state of Gujarat. Its headquarters are located in the eponymous city of Jamnagar. It hosts the production facilities of several large Indian companies such as Reliance and Essar. Among its attractions are several palaces, a Marine National Park and a Bird Sanctuary, known as Khijadiya Bird Sanctuary.
Legacies is an American television drama series that premiered on October 25, 2018, on The CW. It is a spinoff of The Originals. It was created by Julie Plec, creator of The Originals and co-creator of The Vampire Diaries, and stars Danielle Rose Russell and Matt Davis.
Students attending BYU are required to follow an honor code, which mandates behavior in line with LDS teachings such as academic honesty, adherence to dress and grooming standards, and abstinence from extramarital sex and from the consumption of drugs and alcohol. Many students (88 percent of men, 33 percent of women) either delay enrollment or take a hiatus from their studies to serve as Mormon missionaries. (Men typically serve for two-years, while women serve for 18 months.) An education at BYU is also less expensive than at similar private universities, since "a significant portion" of the cost of operating the university is subsidized by the church's tithing funds.
The Allied invasion of Italy was the Allied amphibious landing on mainland Italy that took place on 3 September 1943 during the early stages of the Italian Campaign of World War II. The operation was undertaken by General Sir Harold Alexander's 15th Army Group (comprising General Mark W. Clark's Fifth Army and General Bernard Montgomery's British Eighth Army) and followed the successful invasion of Sicily. The main invasion force landed around Salerno on 9 September on the western coast in Operation Avalanche, while two supporting operations took place in Calabria (Operation Baytown) and Taranto (Operation Slapstick).
In the 1930s, record companies began issuing collections of 78 rpm records by one performer or of one type of music in specially assembled albums, typically with artwork on the front cover and liner notes on the back or inside cover. Most albums included three or four records, with two sides each, making six or eight tunes per album. When the 12-inch vinyl LP era began in 1949, the single record often had the same or similar number of tunes as a typical album of 78s, and was still often referred to as an "album".
The Hateful Eight (often marketed as The H8ful Eight) is a 2015 American western thriller film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It stars Samuel L. Jackson, Kurt Russell, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Walton Goggins, Demián Bichir, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen, and Bruce Dern as eight strangers who seek refuge from a blizzard in a stagecoach stopover some time after the American Civil War.
Dominique Ellen Dunne (November 23, 1959 – November 4, 1982) was an American actress. She appeared in several films and television series from 1979 to 1982, but was best known for portraying Dana Freeling in the 1982 horror film "Poltergeist".
In 768 Pepin's son Charlemagne became King of the Franks and began an extensive expansion of the realm. He eventually incorporated the territories of present - day France, Germany, northern Italy, and beyond, linking the Frankish kingdom with Papal lands. On Christmas Day of 800, Pope Leo III crowned Charlemagne emperor, restoring the title in the West for the first time in over three centuries.
"The Suite Life Sets Sail" is the pilot episode of the popular Disney Channel sitcom "The Suite Life on Deck", sequel and spin-off to the original series. Debby Ryan joins the cast as Bailey Pickett, close friends with Zack, girlfriend to Cody and roommate with London, as well as Ashley Tisdale leaving the main cast due to Maddie Fitzpatrick having to attend college.
The Black Death was a bubonic plague pandemic, which reached England in June 1348. It was the first and most severe manifestation of the Second Pandemic, caused by Yersinia pestis bacteria. The term ``Black Death ''was not used until the late 17th century.
Played by Britney Spears; appears in ``Ten Sessions ''and`` Everything Must Go''. Abby is Stella's receptionist. Very energetic and scatterbrained, she developed an obsessive crush on Ted while he was pursuing Stella. Barney ended up sleeping with her. It was announced Spears would appear on the show in March 2008; most critics complimented her acting in ``Ten Sessions '', with Segel noting that she improvised a few`` really good'' lines. However, her scenes in ``Everything Must Go ''were described as`` rushed and awkward'', and her character as ``silly ''. An article in Bustle ranked her top in a list of guest stars on How I Met Your Mother.
Christianity is the predominant religion of Switzerland (about 71% of resident population and 75% of Swiss citizens), divided between the Catholic Church (38.21% of the population), the Swiss Reformed Church (26.93%), further Protestant churches (2.89%) and other Christian denominations (2.79%). There has been a recent rise in Evangelicalism. Immigration has brought Islam (4.95%) and Eastern Orthodoxy (around 2%) as sizeable minority religions. According to a 2015 poll by Gallup International, 12% of Swiss people self-identified as "convinced atheists."
Abu Zayd Abd al-Rahman al-Jazuli al-Tamanarti al-Mghafri (died 1070 AH, 1659/60 AD) was a qadi of the Moroccan town Taroudannt and grand qadi of the Sous area. He is the author of " Fawaid al Jamma bi Isnadi Ouloumi al Oumma", an autobiographical work of great historical value that also includes biographies of his instructors. Appended to this work is a chapter about dreams, "Bab al-rabi".
For Hope is a 1996 ABC TV movie starring Dana Delany and directed by Bob Saget. Based on Saget's sister Gay, the movie showed the experience of a young woman fatally afflicted with the disease scleroderma. Other cast members included Tracy Nelson and Chris Demetral.
Brady has been honored with four Super Bowl MVP awards (Super Bowl XXXVI, XXXVIII, XLIX, and LI), the most ever by a single player, has won two league MVP awards (2007 and 2010), has been selected to 12 Pro Bowls, and has led his team to more division titles (14) than any other quarterback in NFL history. As of the end of the 2016 season, Brady is fourth all - time in career passing yards, fourth in career touchdown passes, and third in career passer rating. His career postseason record is 25 -- 9, winning more playoff games than any other quarterback, and he has appeared in more playoff games than any player at any position. Brady has never had a losing season as a starting quarterback in the NFL. His combined regular - season and postseason wins are also the most of any quarterback in NFL history. Because of his accomplishments and accolades, many analysts and sportswriters consider Brady to be among the greatest quarterbacks of all time. Due to his late draft selection, Brady is considered to be the biggest ``steal ''in the history of the NFL Draft.
Range Creek, rising in the Book Cliffs in Emery County, Utah, is a high tributary of the Colorado River. It flows into the Green River, a major tributary of the Colorado. The creek flows year around.
The Saint in New York is an American 1938 crime film, directed by Ben Holmes and adapted from Leslie Charteris's novel of the same name by Charles Kaufman and Mortimer Offner. After a police lieutenant is killed, the New York Police Department enlists gentleman criminal Simon Templar to fight criminal elements in the city.
The miniseries stars Lawrence Hilton - Jacobs as the Jacksons' patriarch Joseph Jackson, Angela Bassett as the family matriarch Katherine Jackson, Alex Burrall, Jason Weaver and Wylie Draper played Michael Jackson in different eras, while Bumper Robinson and Terrence Howard played Jackie Jackson in different eras, Shakiem Jamar Evans and Angel Vargas played Tito Jackson, Margaret Avery as Katherine's mother Martha Scruse, Holly Robinson Peete as Diana Ross, Billy Dee Williams as Berry Gordy and Vanessa L. Williams as Suzanne de Passe. The opening titles of the film shows footage of the real Jacksons rehearsing, performing on stage, a few clips from the ``Can You Feel It ''music video, album covers, magazine covers and pictures of the family. The film is mostly based on the autobiography written by Katherine Jackson, who issued the 1990 autobiography, My Family. Part one of the film was based on how Joseph and Katherine managed to raise their children, first in Gary, Indiana, then later dealing with The Jackson 5's early fame and its consequences. Part two of the film is based on the struggles of young Michael Jackson as he deals with his brothers marrying early into The Jackson 5 success, his problems with acne as a teenager, his eventual solo superstardom based on the success of his albums Off the Wall and Thriller and his legendary Motown 25 performance of`` Billie Jean'' as well as his difficult relationship with his father.
His film, "Follow Me: The Yoni Netanyahu Story", was an in depth look into the private life of the man who became the hero and pivotal strategist in the Israeli rescue of the Israeli hostages from Entebbe, Uganda following the hijacking of an Air France plane by Palestinian militants, which Idi Amin permitted to land in his country. After the Jewish and Israeli passengers were separated and threatened, the Israeli government quickly devised Operation Entebbe, which ended with the rescue of the passengers, but the death of Netanyahu. The film won awards at several national film festivals.
King Ezekiel is a fictional character from the comic book series The Walking Dead and the television series of the same name, where he is portrayed by Khary Payton.
Raynal's prediction came true on the night of 21 August 1791, when the slaves of Saint Domingue rose in revolt; thousands of slaves attended a secret vodou (voodoo) ceremony as a tropical storm came in - the lighting and the thunder was taken as auspicious omens - and later that night, the slaves began to kill their masters and plunged the colony into civil war. The signal to begin the revolt was given by Dutty Boukman, a high priest of vodou and leader of the Maroon slaves, during a religious ceremony at Bois Caïman on the night of 14 August. Within the next ten days, slaves had taken control of the entire Northern Province in an unprecedented slave revolt. Whites kept control of only a few isolated, fortified camps. The slaves sought revenge on their masters through ``pillage, rape, torture, mutilation, and death ''. The long years of oppression by the slave masters had left many blacks with a hatred of all whites, and the revolt was marked by extreme violence from the very start. The masters and mistresses were dragged from their beds to be killed, and the heads of French children were placed on spikes that were carried at the front of the rebel columns.
Ruaha National Park is the largest national park in Tanzania. The addition of the Usangu Game Reserve and other important wetlands to the park in 2008 increased its size to about 20,226 square kilometres (7,809 sq mi), making it the largest park in Tanzania and East Africa.
Violet Beauregarde Charlie and the Chocolate Factory character First appearance Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Created by Roald Dahl Portrayed by Denise Nickerson (1971) AnnaSophia Robb (2005) Voiced by AnnaSophia Robb (2005 video game) Dallas Lovato (Tom and Jerry: Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory) Information Gender Female Family Ginger Beauregarde (mother) Sam Beauregarde (father) Nationality American
The Following is an American crime thriller television series created by Kevin Williamson, and jointly produced by Outerbanks Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television.
Port Blair (pronunciation (help info)) is the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a union territory of India situated in the Bay of Bengal. It is also the local administrative sub-division (tehsil) of the islands, the headquarters for the district of South Andaman, and is the territory's only notified town. It houses the headquarters of the Andaman and Nicobar Police and the Andaman and Nicobar Command, the first integrated tri-command of the armed forces of India.
WIZE (1340 AM) — branded WIZE AM 1340 — is a commercial radio station in Springfield, Ohio owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. as part of their Dayton cluster. The station's main format is classic country targeted towards Springfield, and their transmitter - and former studios - are also located in Springfield.
The Sega Genesis, known as the Mega Drive in regions outside of North America, is a 16 - bit home video game console developed and sold by Sega. The Genesis was Sega's third console and the successor to the Master System. Sega released the console as the Mega Drive in Japan in 1988, followed by North America as the Genesis in 1989. In 1990, the console was distributed as the Mega Drive by Virgin Mastertronic in Europe, Ozisoft in Australasia, and Tectoy in Brazil. In South Korea, the systems were distributed by Samsung as the Super Gam * Boy and later the Super Aladdin Boy.
The Big Broadcast is a 1932 American Pre-Code musical comedy film directed by Frank Tuttle and starring Bing Crosby, Stuart Erwin, and Leila Hyams. Based on the play "Wild Waves" by William Ford Manley, the film is about a radio-singer who becomes a popular hit with audiences, but takes a casual approach to his career. A casual affair leads to his dismissal, but his career is saved by the station manager who buys the station and gives him his job back. The film co-stars George Burns and Gracie Allen in supporting roles. "The Big Broadcast" was produced by Paramount Pictures and was the first in a series of four "Big Broadcast" movies.
John Crockett (circa 1753 – after 1802) was an American frontiersman and soldier, and the father of David "Davy" Crockett.
Despite the Dutch presence in Indonesia for almost 350 years, as the Asian bulk of the Dutch East Indies, the Dutch language has no official status there and the small minority that can speak the language fluently are either educated members of the oldest generation, or employed in the legal profession, as some legal codes are still only available in Dutch. Dutch is taught in various educational centres in Indonesia, the most important of which is the Erasmus Language Centre (ETC) in Jakarta. Each year, some 1,500 to 2,000 students take Dutch courses there. In total, several thousand Indonesians study Dutch as a foreign language. Owing to centuries of Dutch rule in Indonesia, many old documents are written in Dutch. Many universities therefore include Dutch as a source language, mainly for law and history students. In Indonesia this involves about 35,000 students.
"The Fox in the Attic" was originally published in 1961 by Chatto & Windus: London as v. 1 of "The Human Predicament" trilogy, and then in the United States by Harper & Brothers: New York. This was 23 years after Hughes's previous novel, "In Hazard: A Sea Story", and 33 years after "A High Wind in Jamaica", which was a best seller in the United Kingdom and America. It was published the following year in Sweden (Stockholm: Norstedt) as "Räven på vinden".
Jess Walton (born February 18, 1949) is an American actress, best known for her role as Jill Abbott on the CBS soap opera, The Young and the Restless.
Saburro Peak is a peak in Antarctica to the south of Doll Peak in the south part of Ravens Mountains, Britannia Range. Named after Colonel Richard M.Saburro, Commander, Operation DEEP FREEZE who was assigned to this position from the 109 AG of the New York Air National Guard. Saburro was the first US Air Force Commander of Operation DEEP FREEZE following 45 years of command by the US Navy. The Operation provides military logistics support to the National Science Foundation's US Antarctic Program.
BLUE, the Wolverine was a live wolverine who served as a team mascot at University of Michigan Wolverines football games and was later kept in a small zoo at the University of Michigan in the 1920s and 1930s. In the mid-1920s, before the acquisition of a live wolverine, the University of Michigan used a mounted and stuffed wolverine, also named ``Biff '', as the team mascot.
Small Soldiers is a 1998 American science fiction war film, directed by Joe Dante and starring Kirsten Dunst and Gregory Smith, and the voices of Frank Langella and Tommy Lee Jones. It revolves around a conflict between two factions of sentient action figures, the Gorgonites and the Commando Elite. When an adolescent brings the Gorgonites to his home, he and those around him become targeted by the Commando Elite, who are programmed to eliminate the Gorgonites and their allies. Frank Langella and Tommy Lee Jones who co-star, are the voices of the leaders of the Gorgonites and the Commando Elite, respectively.
In 1964, CBS established its own UK distribution with the acquisition of Oriole Records. EMI continued to distribute Epic and Okeh label material on the Columbia label in the UK until the distribution deal with EMI expired in 1968 when CBS took over distribution.
The Georgian era is a period in British history from 1714 to , named after the Hanoverian kings George I, George II, George III and George IV. The sub-period that is the Regency era is defined by the regency of George IV as Prince of Wales during the illness of his father George III. The definition of the Georgian era is often extended to include the relatively short reign of William IV, which ended with his death in 1837.
On 4 September 1939, the United Party caucus refused to accept Hertzog's stance of neutrality in World War II and deposed him in favour of Smuts. Upon becoming Prime Minister, Smuts declared South Africa officially at war with Germany and the Axis. He immediately set about fortifying South Africa against any possible German sea invasion because of South Africa's global strategic importance controlling the long sea route around the Cape of Good Hope.
The Blackout All-Stars was a one-off 1994 Latin supergroup consisting of Ray Barretto, Sheila E., Tito Puente, Tito Nieves, Paquito D'Rivera, Dave Valentin, Grover Washington, Jr., and Tony Pabon.
While the Armenian Apostolic Church remains the most prominent church in the Armenian community throughout the world, Armenians (especially in the diaspora) subscribe to any number of other Christian denominations. These include the Armenian Catholic Church (which follows its own liturgy but recognizes the Roman Catholic Pope), the Armenian Evangelical Church, which started as a reformation in the Mother church but later broke away, and the Armenian Brotherhood Church, which was born in the Armenian Evangelical Church, but later broke apart from it. There are other numerous Armenian churches belonging to Protestant denominations of all kinds.
The Mount Royal National Park is a protected national park located in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia. Gazetted in 1997, the park is situated approximately north of Sydney.
Carreño is a municipality in the autonomous community of the Principality of Asturias, Spain. It is bordered by Corvera de Asturias on the west, Gozón on the north, the Cantabrian Sea on the north and east, and Gijón on the east and south. Its capital is Candás.
In 2014 attention was drawn to an appeal to the New Zealand Immigration and Protection Tribunal against the deportation of a Tuvaluan family on the basis that they were "climate change refugees", who would suffer hardship resulting from the environmental degradation of Tuvalu. However the subsequent grant of residence permits to the family was made on grounds unrelated to the refugee claim. The family was successful in their appeal because, under the relevant immigration legislation, there were "exceptional circumstances of a humanitarian nature" that justified the grant of resident permits as the family was integrated into New Zealand society with a sizeable extended family which had effectively relocated to New Zealand. Indeed, in 2013 a claim of a Kiribati man of being a "climate change refugee" under the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees (1951) was determined by the New Zealand High Court to be untenable as there was no persecution or serious harm related to any of the five stipulated Refugee Convention grounds. Permanent migration to Australia and New Zealand, such as for family reunification, requires compliance with the immigration legislation of those countries.
"The Very Long Night of Londo Mollari" is an episode from the fifth season of the science fiction television series "Babylon 5".
Oxygen was discovered independently by Carl Wilhelm Scheele, in Uppsala, in 1773 or earlier, and Joseph Priestley in Wiltshire, in 1774, but Priestley is often given priority because his work was published first. The name oxygen was coined in 1777 by Antoine Lavoisier, whose experiments with oxygen helped to discredit the then-popular phlogiston theory of combustion and corrosion. Its name derives from the Greek roots ὀξύς oxys, "acid", literally "sharp", referring to the sour taste of acids and -γενής -genes, "producer", literally "begetter", because at the time of naming, it was mistakenly thought that all acids required oxygen in their composition. Common uses of oxygen includes the production cycle of steel, plastics and textiles, brazing, welding and cutting of steels and other metals, rocket propellant, in oxygen therapy and life support systems in aircraft, submarines, spaceflight and diving.
White Stone is a town in Lancaster County, Virginia, United States. The population was 352 at the 2010 census. The name "White Stone" refers to the accumulations of white stones in the area's waterways. The stones were dumped there in the colonial era by British ships that dumped their stone ballast to make room for cargo like tobacco to carry back to England.
Most of the Caddo historically lived in the Piney Woods ecoregion of the United States, divided among the state regions of East Texas, southern Arkansas, western Louisiana, and southeastern Oklahoma. This region extends up to the foothills of the Ozarks. The Piney Woods are a dense forest of deciduous and pinophyta flora covering rolling hills, steep river valleys, and intermittent wetlands called ``bayous ''. Caddo people primarily settled near the Caddo River.
Dourkhan a small town in Gilgit–Baltistan, Pakistan, 1 km from Ali Abad. Dourkhan village is a residential area consisting of about 150 houses(Increasing). A middle school run by the education department of Gilgit–Baltistan is located in Dourkhan, and in 2012 an Air Foundation School system campus was also established. The civil session court of Hunza–Nagar District is also located in Dourkhan, as are offices of PWD and XEN.
Dibba Al-Hisn Sports Club is a sports club located in the city of Dibba Al-Hisn in the United Arab Emirates. The club was established in 1980.
On 27 August 2007, Royal Dutch Shell and Reitan Group, the owner of the 7-Eleven brand in Scandinavia, announced an agreement to re-brand some 269 service stations across Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark, subject to obtaining regulatory approvals under the different competition laws in each country. On April 2010 Shell announced that the corporation is in process of trying to find a potential buyer for all of its operations in Finland and is doing similar market research concerning Swedish operations. On October 2010 Shell's gas stations and the heavy vehicle fuel supply networks in Finland and Sweden, along with a refinery located in Gothenburg, Sweden were sold to St1, a Finnish energy company, more precisely to its major shareholding parent company Keele Oy. Shell branded gas stations will be rebranded within maximum of five years from the acquisition and the number of gas stations is likely to be reduced. Until then the stations will operate under Shell brand licence.
Blagar is a Papuan language of Pantar island in the Alor archipelago of Indonesia. The Tereweng lect spoken on Tereweng island off the southeast coast of Pantar is sometimes considered a separate language.
Hughes attempted to create a joint venture with NBC, News Corp., and Cablevision in 1990, to launch the first high-power digital television service called Sky Cable. Failing to do so, the company instead created DirecTV as a separate division and secured an agreement with USSB to build and launch the first high-power direct-broadcast satellite system. DirecTV's name is a portmanteau of "direct" and "TV" (as in direct broadcast satellite television). Hughes/DirecTV then turned to Thomson Consumer Electronics (under the RCA, GE, and ProScan brands) to develop the digital satellite system for the service that would be capable of receiving 175 channels on a small 18-inch dish. These dishes utilized a new generation of smaller, lighter receiver dishes based on military technology introduced by the Global Broadcast System, which predated DirecTV's viability by almost ten years. Hughes was awarded the contract to build and launch the new high-powered satellites, and USSB and DirecTV agreed that the new satellites would carry the two separate programming services: USSB and DirecTV.
Alabama is currently divided into 7 congressional districts, each represented by a member of the United States House of Representatives. After the 2010 Census, the number of Alabama's seats remained unchanged.
BA Connect was a fully owned subsidiary airline of British Airways. Headquartered in Didsbury, Manchester, England, it operated a network of domestic and European services from a number of airports in the United Kingdom on behalf of British Airways. The airline operated as a low-cost carrier, with food sold via a 'buy on board' programme (except for flights to London City Airport).
The Shrek franchise from DreamWorks Animation, based on William Steig's picture book Shrek!, consists of four computer - animated films including: Shrek (2001), Shrek 2 (2004), Shrek the Third (2007), and Shrek Forever After (2010), with a fifth film planned for a 2019 or 2020 release. A short 4 - D film, Shrek 4 - D, which originally was a theme park ride, was released in 2003.
Sonic the Hedgehog is a platform video game developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis console. The game was first released in North America in June 1991, and in PAL regions and Japan the following month. The game features an anthropomorphic hedgehog named Sonic in a quest to defeat Doctor Robotnik, a scientist who has imprisoned animals in robots and stolen the magical Chaos Emeralds. Sonic the Hedgehog's gameplay involves collecting rings as a form of health and a simple control scheme, with jumping and attacking controlled by a single button.
Ulchsky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the seventeen in Khabarovsk Krai, Russia. It is located in the east of the krai. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Bogorodskoye. Population: The population of Bogorodskoye accounts for 20.8% of the district's total population.
Achala Sachdev and Sushma Seth were cast as Yash and Nandini's mothers, respectively. The film also featured Johnny Lever as Haldiram (a shopkeeper in Chandni Chowk), Himani Shivpuri as Haldiram's wife, Jibraan Khan as Krish Raichand (Rahul and Anjali's son), Amar Talwar as Mr. Kapoor (Yash's friend and Naina's father). Ramona Sunavala, Jeroo Writer and Vikas Sethi feature as Poo's friends Sonya, Tanya and Robbie, respectively. Additionally, Ashutosh Singh features as Ashfaque, Rukshaar's husband. Shilpa Mehta, Shashikala and Parzan Dastur were cast as Ashfaque's mother, grandmother and nephew, respectively. Shashikala played the in - law to Rukhsaar. Punit Malhotra and Johnny Lever's real - life son Jesse Lever had small parts.
LeBron Raymone James Sr. (/ ləˈbrɒn /; born December 30, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Often considered the best basketball player in the world and regarded by some as the greatest player of all time, James' NBA accomplishments are extensive and include four NBA Most Valuable Player Awards, three NBA Finals MVP Awards, two Olympic gold medals, three All - Star Game MVP awards, and an NBA scoring title. He is the all - time NBA playoffs scoring leader and has amassed fourteen NBA All - Star Game appearances, twelve All - NBA First Team designations, and five All - Defensive First Team honors.
Sarah or Sara is a matriarch in the Hebrew Bible, who is the wife of Abraham and the mother of Isaac. She is described once as Abraham's sister, and another time as his half -- sister, each in a context where Abraham is dealing with a ruler whom Abraham fears will take her.
Going into these elections, the Senate consisted of 49 Democrats, 49 Republicans, and two Independents who caucused with the Democrats, giving the Democratic caucus the slightest 51 - 49 majority. Of the seats up for election in 2008, 23 were held by Republicans and 12 by Democrats. The Republicans, who openly conceded early on that they would n't be able to regain the majority in 2008, lost eight seats. This election was the second cycle in a row in which no seats switched from Democratic to Republican. In addition, this was the largest Democratic Senate gain since 1986, when they also won eight seats. These elections marked the first time since 1964 in which a Democratic presidential candidate won the White House with Senate coattails. Finally, 2008 was the first presidential election year since 1948 in which Senate Class 2 saw net gains for the winning presidential candidate's party.
ACS Macro Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society. , "ACS Macro Letters" has the highest impact factor of any journal in the field of polymer science (6.131). With the launch of "ACS Macro Letters", all Communications to the Editor that were formerly published in "Macromolecules" will be published as Letters in "ACS Macro Letters". Researchers are advised turn to "ACS Macro Letters" for reports of early, urgent results in polymer science and to "Macromolecules" for more detailed discussions of comprehensive research findings.
MinGW ("Minimalist GNU for Windows"), formerly mingw32, is a free and open source software development environment to create Microsoft Windows applications. The development of the MinGW project has slowed down since the creation in 2013 of an alternative project called MinGW-w64 by a different author.
Weber City is an incorporated town in Scott County, Virginia, United States. The population was 1,327 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.
In the mid-19th century, Serbian (led by self-taught writer and folklorist Vuk Stefanović Karadžić) and most Croatian writers and linguists (represented by the Illyrian movement and led by Ljudevit Gaj and Đuro Daničić), proposed the use of the most widespread dialect, Shtokavian, as the base for their common standard language. Karadžić standardised the Serbian Cyrillic alphabet, and Gaj and Daničić standardized the Croatian Latin alphabet, on the basis of vernacular speech phonemes and the principle of phonological spelling. In 1850 Serbian and Croatian writers and linguists signed the Vienna Literary Agreement, declaring their intention to create a unified standard. Thus a complex bi-variant language appeared, which the Serbs officially called "Serbo-Croatian" or "Serbian or Croatian" and the Croats "Croato-Serbian", or "Croatian or Serbian". Yet, in practice, the variants of the conceived common literary language served as different literary variants, chiefly differing in lexical inventory and stylistic devices. The common phrase describing this situation was that Serbo-Croatian or "Croatian or Serbian" was a single language. During the Austro-Hungarian occupation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, the language of all three nations was called "Bosnian" until the death of administrator von Kállay in 1907, at which point the name was changed to "Serbo-Croatian".
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,124 people, 460 households, and 286 families residing in the city. The population density was 624.4 inhabitants per square mile (241.1/km2). There were 522 housing units at an average density of 290.0 per square mile (112.0/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 98.5% White, 0.2% African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.4% of the population.
Oláibar () is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. In 2016, it had a population of 334.
Lexington is a city in McLean County, Illinois, United States. The population was 2,060 at the 2010 census. There are two theories regarding the etymology of the city name. One says it was named for the Battle of Lexington, where General Gridley's father fought. and the other that it was named for the home town of James Brown, the town's co-founder.
Notable alumni include: Alan Mulally (BS/MS), former President and CEO of Ford Motor Company, Lou Montulli, co-founder of Netscape and author of the Lynx web browser, Brian McClendon (BSEE 1986), VP of Engineering at Google, Charles E. Spahr (1934), former CEO of Standard Oil of Ohio.
Robert "Bob" Shad (born Abraham Shadrinsky; February 12, 1920 – March 13, 1985) was an American record producer and record label owner. He produced the first album by Big Brother and the Holding Company (featuring Janis Joplin). Among his more successful labels were Time Records, Brent Records, and Mainstream Records.
Daughter of the Dragon is a 1931 American pre-Code crime mystery film directed by Lloyd Corrigan, released by Paramount Pictures, and starring Anna May Wong as Princess Ling Moy, Sessue Hayakawa as Ah Kee, and Warner Oland as Dr. Fu Manchu (for his third and final feature appearance in the role, excluding a gag cameo in "Paramount on Parade"). The film was made to capitalize on Sax Rohmer's then current book, "The Daughter of Fu Manchu", which Paramount did not own the rights to adapt.
Lorenz Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in Columbia County, New York, United States. The population was 2,053 at the 2010 census.
The 1880 New York state election was held on November 2, 1880, to elect the Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals, as well as all members of the New York State Assembly.
Pennsylvania Route 128 (PA 128) is a state highway located in Armstrong County, Pennsylvania. The southern terminus is at PA 356 in Freeport. The northern terminus is at PA 66 in Ford City.
Pam participates in an art show, but few people attend. Her co-worker, Oscar, brings his partner along who, not knowing that Pam is standing behind him, criticizes her work by proclaiming that ``real art requires courage. ''Oscar then goes on to say that courage is n't one of Pam's strong points. Affected by this statement, Pam tells the documentary crew that she is going to be more honest, culminating in a dramatic coal walk during the next - to - last episode of the season,`` Beach Games'', and a seemingly sincere speech to Jim in front of the entire office about their relationship. Michael also comes to the art show and reveals his erratically kind heart and loyalty by buying, framing and hanging Pam's drawing of the Dunder Mifflin building in the office. In the season finale, ``The Job, ''she leaves a friendly note in Jim's briefcase and an old memento depicting the 'gold medal' yogurt lid from the Office Olympics, which he sees during an interview for a job at Corporate in New York City. While he is asked how he`` would function here in New York'', Jim is shown to have his mind back in Scranton, still distracted by the thought of Pam. Jim withdraws his name from consideration and drives back to the office, where he interrupts a talking head Pam is doing for the documentary crew by asking her out for dinner. She happily accepts, visibly moved, abandoning a train of thought about how she would be fine if Jim got the job and never came back to Scranton. Karen quits soon after, becoming the regional manager at Dunder Mifflin's Utica branch.
The Communist Party of China, founded in 1920, adopted the red flag and hammer and sickle emblem of the Soviet Union, which became the national symbols when the Party took power in China in 1949. Under Party leader Mao Zedong, the Party anthem became "The East Is Red", and Mao Zedong himself was sometimes referred to as a "red sun". During the Cultural Revolution in China, Party ideology was enforced by the Red Guards, and the sayings of Mao Zedong were published as a small red book in hundreds of millions of copies. Today the Communist Party of China claims to be the largest political party in the world, with eighty million members.
The Bourne Sanction is the title for the novel by Eric Van Lustbader and the sixth novel in the Jason Bourne series created by Robert Ludlum. It was released on July 29, 2008. It is Lustbader's third Bourne novel, following "The Bourne Betrayal" that was published in 2007.
Bleda died in 445, with some historians speculating that his death was at the hands of Attila. With his brother gone, Attila was able to establish undisputed control over his subjects. In 447, Attila turned the Huns back toward the Eastern Roman Empire once more. His invasion of the Balkans and Thrace was devastating. The Eastern Roman Empire was already beset by internal problems, such as famine and plague, as well as riots and a series of earthquakes in Constantinople itself. A last - minute rebuilding of its walls preserved Constantinople unscathed. Victory over a Roman army left the Huns virtually unchallenged in Eastern Roman lands and they raided as far south as Thermopylae. Only disease forced them to retreat, and the war came to an end in 449 with an agreement in which the Romans agreed to pay Attila an annual tribute of 2100 pounds of gold. Our only first - hand account of conditions among the Huns and of Attila himself is by Priscus, an official in the peace embassy to Attila.
Tarana - e-Pakistan is claimed to be the first national anthem that was played in Pakistan's national radio on 14 August 1947 of Pakistan said to be composed by Jagannath Azad at the request of Mohammad Ali Jinnah but this claim is unsubstantiated. It was never officially adopted as Pakistan's national anthem and the Qaumi Tarana was officially adopted as Pakistan's national anthem in 1950.
Orlando furioso RV 819 (, Teatro San Angelo, Venice 1714) is a three-act opera surviving in manuscript in Antonio Vivaldi's personal library, only partly related to his better known Orlando furioso (RV 728) of 1727. It is a recomposition of an "Orlando furioso" written by Giovanni Alberto Ristori which had been very successfully staged by Vivaldi and his father's "impresa" in 1713, and whose music survives in a few fragments retained in the score of RV 819. Therefore, Vivaldi's first cataloguer Peter Ryom did not assign the opera a RV number, but catalogued it as RV Anh. 84. The libretto was by Grazio Braccioli.
Sandra Day O'Connor (born March 26, 1930) is a retired Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, serving from her appointment in 1981 by Ronald Reagan to 2006. She was the first woman to serve on the Court.
Seattle's foreign-born population grew 40% between the 1990 and 2000 censuses. The Chinese population in the Seattle area has origins in mainland China, Hong Kong, Southeast Asia, and Taiwan. The earliest Chinese-Americans that came in the late 19th and early 20th centuries were almost entirely from Guangdong province. The Seattle area is also home to a large Vietnamese population of more than 55,000 residents, as well as over 30,000 Somali immigrants. The Seattle-Tacoma area is also home to one of the largest Cambodian communities in the United States, numbering about 19,000 Cambodian Americans, and one of the largest Samoan communities in the mainland U.S., with over 15,000 people having Samoan ancestry. Additionally, the Seattle area had the highest percentage of self-identified mixed-race people of any large metropolitan area in the United States, according to the 2000 United States Census Bureau. According to a 2012 HistoryLink study, Seattle's 98118 ZIP code (in the Columbia City neighborhood) was one of the most diverse ZIP Code Tabulation Areas in the United States.
Stadio Antonio Bianco is a multi-use stadium in Gallipoli, Italy. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Gallipoli Calcio. The stadium holds 5,000 people.
Born at Swainswick, near Bath, Somerset, William Prynne was educated at Bath Grammar School and Oriel College, Oxford. He graduated with a BA on 22 January 1621, was admitted a student of Lincoln's Inn in the same year, and was called to the bar in 1628. According to Anthony à Wood, he was confirmed in his militant puritanism by the influence of John Preston, who was then lecturer at Lincoln's Inn. In 1627 he published his first book, a theological treatise, followed in the next three years by three others attacking Arminianism and its teachers. In the preface to one of them he appealed to parliament to suppress anything written against Calvinist doctrine and to force the clergy to subscribe to the conclusion of the Synod of Dort. Prynne was a strong disciplinarian. After arguing that the custom of drinking healths was sinful, he asserted that for men to wear their hair long was "unseemly and unlawful unto Christians", while it was "mannish, unnatural, impudent, and unchristian" for women to cut it short.
Stinson Beach is a census-designated place in Marin County, California, on the west coast of the United States. Stinson Beach is located east-southeast of Bolinas, at an elevation of 26 feet (8 m). The population of the Stinson Beach CDP (census-designated place) was 632 at the 2010 census.
Douglas Rain (born March 13, 1928) is a Canadian actor and narrator. Though primarily a stage actor, he is also known for providing the voice of the HAL 9000 computer for the film 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968) and its sequel, 2010 (1984).
The McCormick Row House District is a group of houses located in the Lincoln Park community area in Chicago, Illinois, USA. It sits between East and West parts of DePaul University's Lincoln Park Campus and is independent from the school. They were built between 1884 and 1889 and used by the McCormick Theological Seminary to gain rental income. They were designed in the Queen Anne Style by the A. M. F. Colton and Son architects and joined the list of Chicago Landmarks May 4, 1971. The McCormick Row House District also lies within the boundaries of the Sheffield Historic District.
A neutron star is a highly dense remnant of a star that is primarily composed of neutrons—a particle that is found in most atomic nuclei and has no net electrical charge. The mass of a neutron star is in the range of 1.2 to 2.1 times the mass of the Sun. As a result of the collapse, a newly formed neutron star can have a very rapid rate of rotation; on the order of a hundred rotations per second.
Kayla Bashore-Smedley (born February 20, 1983 in Daegu, South Korea) is an American field hockey defender and midfielder. Now living in San Diego, California, she was a student of the Indiana University, where she played for the Hoosiers, and was the first player from that university to make the US National Field Hockey team. She represented the USA at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Roman literature was from its very inception influenced heavily by Greek authors. Some of the earliest works we possess are of historical epics telling the early military history of Rome. As the republic expanded, authors began to produce poetry, comedy, history, and tragedy. Virgil represents the pinnacle of Roman epic poetry. His Aeneid tells the story of flight of Aeneas from Troy and his settlement of the city that would become Rome.[citation needed] Lucretius, in his On the Nature of Things, attempted to explicate science in an epic poem. The genre of satire was common in Rome, and satires were written by, among others, Juvenal and Persius. The rhetorical works of Cicero are considered[by whom?] to be some of the best bodies of correspondence recorded in antiquity.[citation needed]
On 12 February 1912, after rounds of negotiations, Longyu issued an imperial edict bringing about the abdication of the child emperor Puyi. This brought an end to over 2,000 years of Imperial China and began an extended period of instability of warlord factionalism. The unorganized political and economic systems combined with a widespread criticism of Chinese culture led to questioning and doubt about the future. In the 1930s, the Empire of Japan invaded Northeast China and founded Manchukuo in 1932, with Puyi, as the emperor. After the invasion by the Soviet Union, Manchukuo collapsed in 1945.
On 6 April 1941, German forces, with Hungarian and Italian assistance, launched an invasion of Yugoslavia. On 10 April 1941, Slavko Kvaternik proclaimed the Independent State of Croatia, and Tito responded by forming a Military Committee within the Central Committee of the Yugoslav Communist Party. Attacked from all sides, the armed forces of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia quickly crumbled. On 17 April 1941, after King Peter II and other members of the government fled the country, the remaining representatives of the government and military met with the German officials in Belgrade. They quickly agreed to end military resistance. On 1 May 1941, Tito issued a pamphlet calling on the people to unite in a battle against the occupation. On 27 June 1941, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia appointed Tito Commander in Chief of all project national liberation military forces. On 1 July 1941, the Comintern sent precise instructions calling for immediate action.
Upon graduating from Yale Law School, Eleanor Swift clerked for Judge M. Joseph Blumenfeld of the U.S. District Court in Hartford and for Chief Judge David L. Bazelon of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. She then practiced in Houston with the firm of Vinson & Elkins.
Korea was ruled by Imperial Japan from 1910 until the closing days of World War II. In August 1945, the Soviet Union declared war on Imperial Japan, as a result of an agreement with the United States, and liberated Korea north of the 38th parallel. U.S. forces subsequently moved into the south. By 1948, as a product of the Cold War between the Soviet Union and the United States, Korea was split into two regions, with separate governments. Both claimed to be the legitimate government of all of Korea, and neither accepted the border as permanent. The conflict escalated into open warfare when North Korean forces -- supported by the Soviet Union and China -- moved into the south on 25 June 1950. On 27 June, the United Nations Security Council authorized the formation and dispatch of UN forces to Korea to repel what was recognized as a North Korean invasion. Twenty - one countries of the United Nations eventually contributed to the UN force, with the United States providing 88% of the UN's military personnel.
Formerly proposed for a launch in 2020, the Europa Jupiter System Mission (EJSM) was a joint NASA/ESA proposal for exploration of Jupiter's moons. In February 2009 it was announced that ESA/NASA had given this mission priority ahead of the Titan Saturn System Mission. ESA's contribution still faced funding competition from other ESA projects. EJSM consisted of the NASA-led Jupiter Europa Orbiter, the ESA-led Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter, and possibly a JAXA-led Jupiter Magnetospheric Orbiter.
Benjamin Davies (1813 – September 1904) was a merchant and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 3rd Queens from 1850 to 1854 and 4th Queens from 1867 to 1876 in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island as a Liberal member.
Kadalundi is a village in Kozhikode district, Kerala, India. It is a coastal village close to the Arabian Sea. Kadalundi is famous for its bird sanctuary, which is home to various migratory birds during certain seasons and has been recently declared as a bio-reserve. It is the first community reserve in Kerala.
Following the 2000 census, the Oklahoma delegation to the U.S. House of Representatives was reduced from six to five representatives, each serving one congressional district. For the 112th Congress (2011–2013), there were no changes in party strength, and the delegation included four Republicans and one Democrat. In the 112th Congress, Oklahoma's U.S. senators were Republicans Jim Inhofe and Tom Coburn, and its U.S. Representatives were John Sullivan (R-OK-1), Dan Boren (D-OK-2), Frank D. Lucas (R-OK-3), Tom Cole (R-OK-4), and James Lankford (R-OK-5).
American Grit is an American reality television series that premiered on Fox on April 14, 2016. The series stars WWE wrestler John Cena. Fox ordered ten episodes for the first season of the competition series. On July 29, 2016, Fox renewed the series for a second season, which premiered on Sunday, June 11, 2017.
Hardin Bigelow (1809 in Michigan Territory – November 27, 1850 in San Francisco, California) was the first elected mayor of the city of Sacramento, California, which was known then as "Sacramento City." Bigelow's efforts to construct Sacramento's first levees won him enough support to become mayor in Sacramento's first mayoral elections in February 1850. Bigelow served seven months, from April to November, before succumbing to cholera; while he was mayor, Sacramento averted disaster in a potentially devastating flood, but fell victim to a series of April fires, a riot, and a cholera epidemic.
The Boxer from Shantung is a 1972 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh and Pao Hsueh-li, and starring Chen Kuan-tai, Ching Li and guest stars David Chiang.
Almudévar is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 2,377 inhabitants.
USS "Brooklyn" (CL-40) was a light cruiser, the lead ship of her class of seven, and the third United States Navy ship to bear its name. Commissioned in 1937, she served in the Atlantic during World War II, as a convoy escort and as fire support for amphibious landings.
Beyoncé's first solo recording was a feature on Jay - Z's ``'03 Bonnie & Clyde ''that was released in October 2002, peaking at number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart. Her first solo album Dangerously in Love was released on June 24, 2003, after Michelle Williams and Kelly Rowland had released their solo efforts. The album sold 317,000 copies in its first week, debuted atop the Billboard 200, and has since sold 11 million copies worldwide. The album's lead single,`` Crazy in Love'', featuring Jay - Z, became Beyoncé's first number - one single as a solo artist in the US. The single ``Baby Boy ''also reached number one, and singles,`` Me, Myself and I'' and ``Naughty Girl '', both reached the top - five. The album earned Beyoncé a then record - tying five awards at the 46th Annual Grammy Awards; Best Contemporary R&B Album, Best Female R&B Vocal Performance for`` Dangerously in Love 2'', Best R&B Song and Best Rap / Sung Collaboration for ``Crazy in Love '', and Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals for`` The Closer I Get to You'' with Luther Vandross. During the ceremony, she performed with Prince.
The 2013 New Zealand census enumerated a resident population of 4,242,048, an increase of 5.3% over the 2006 figure. As of June 2019, the total population has risen to an estimated 4,968,960. In 2018 the median age of the New Zealand population was 38.1 years.New Zealand is a predominantly urban country, with 73.0% of the population living in the seventeen main urban areas (i.e. population 30,000 or greater) and 55.1% living in the four largest cities of Auckland, Christchurch, Wellington, and Hamilton. New Zealand cities generally rank highly on international livability measures. For instance, in 2016 Auckland was ranked the world's third most liveable city and Wellington the twelfth by the Mercer Quality of Living Survey.Life expectancy for New Zealanders in 2012 was 84 years for females, and 80.2 years for males. Life expectancy at birth is forecast to increase from 80 years to 85 years in 2050 and infant mortality is expected to decline. New Zealand's fertility rate of 2.1 is relatively high for a developed country, and natural births account for a significant proportion of population growth. Consequently, the country has a young population compared to most industrialised nations, with 20% of New Zealanders being 14 years old or younger. By 2050 the median age is projected to rise from 36 years to 43 years and the percentage of people 60 years of age and older to rise from 18% to 29%. In 2008, the leading cause of premature death was cancer, at 29.8%, followed by ischaemic heart disease, 19.7%, and then cerebrovascular disease, 9.2%. As of 2016, total expenditure on health care (including private sector spending) is 9.2% of GDP.
He is a 1978 graduate of the Honors College of the University of South Carolina and a 1981 graduate of the Georgetown University Law Center. Since 1982, he has practiced law with the firm of Williams & Williams in Orangeburg, S.C.
David A. Galloway (born 1943), a Canadian, was the CEO of Torstar and was chairman of the board of Bank of Montreal from 2004 to 2012, which is also known as BMO Financial Group.
Prior to this, she was the United States Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator for the White House, housed in the Office of Management and Budget. She was appointed to the position by Barack Obama on September 25, 2009, and her appointment was unanimously confirmed by the U.S. Senate on December 3, 2009. She stepped down in August 2013. Espinel was the first person to fill the position. She was responsible for the development and implementation of the President's overall strategy for the enforcement of intellectual property. Espinel has been referred to as the "IP Czar" by numerous media outlets including National Journal, TechDirt and Intellectual Property Watch
Glove Taps is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 151st "Our Gang" short (152nd episode, 63rd talking short, and 64th talking episode) that was released.
By 1736, there were 100 houses and as many as 450 settlers in the new town. The settlers were primarily French and German speaking Swiss Protestants from Neuchâtel and Geneva. At its peak the town likely had fewer than 600 residents. But the settlement suffered from disease and an unhealthy atmosphere. The settlers also had difficulties due to overlapping land grants. Over the next few decades many of them moved on to other towns in South Carolina, or the newly developing Georgia.
Borisov Arena is a football-specific stadium in Barysaw, Belarus and is the home stadium of FC BATE Borisov and the Belarus national football team. The stadium's official capacity is 13,126.
The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from a screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo, starring Al Pacino and Robert De Niro. Partially based on Puzo's 1969 novel The Godfather, the film is both sequel and prequel to The Godfather, presenting parallel dramas: one picks up the 1958 story of Michael Corleone (Pacino), the new Don of the Corleone crime family, protecting the family business in the aftermath of an attempt on his life; the prequel covers the journey of his father, Vito Corleone (De Niro), from his Sicilian childhood to the founding of his family enterprise in New York City.
Colony is a town in northeastern Washita County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 136 at the 2010 U.S. census, a decrease of 7.5 percent from 147 in 2000. It was named for the Seger Colony, founded in 1886, which taught modern agricultural techniques to the Arapaho and Cheyenne tribes that would be resettled in the vicinity. Colony is east and north of Cordell.
Potes is a municipality in the autonomous community of Cantabria in Spain. It is the capital of the Comarca of Liébana and is located in the centre of it. It is bordered to the north by Cillorigo de Liébana, to the west by Camaleño, to the south by Vega de Liébana and to the east by Cabezón de Liébana.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 127.5 square miles (330.2 km2), of which 109.0 square miles (282.2 km2) is land and 18.5 square miles (47.9 km2) is covered by water. The old city is located on a peninsula at the point where, as Charlestonians say, "The Ashley and the Cooper Rivers come together to form the Atlantic Ocean." The entire peninsula is very low, some is landfill material, and as such, frequently floods during heavy rains, storm surges, and unusually high tides. The city limits have expanded across the Ashley River from the peninsula, encompassing the majority of West Ashley as well as James Island and some of Johns Island. The city limits also have expanded across the Cooper River, encompassing Daniel Island and the Cainhoy area. North Charleston blocks any expansion up the peninsula, and Mount Pleasant occupies the land directly east of the Cooper River.
The party, or parties, that hold the majority of seats in the Parliament forms the Scottish Government. In contrast to many other parliamentary systems, Parliament elects a First Minister from a number of candidates at the beginning of each parliamentary term (after a general election). Any member can put their name forward to be First Minister, and a vote is taken by all members of Parliament. Normally, the leader of the largest party is returned as First Minister, and head of the Scottish Government. Theoretically, Parliament also elects the Scottish Ministers who form the government of Scotland and sit in the Scottish cabinet, but such ministers are, in practice, appointed to their roles by the First Minister. Junior ministers, who do not attend cabinet, are also appointed to assist Scottish ministers in their departments. Most ministers and their juniors are drawn from amongst the elected MSPs, with the exception of Scotland's Chief Law Officers: the Lord Advocate and the Solicitor General. Whilst the First Minister chooses the ministers – and may decide to remove them at any time – the formal appointment or dismissal is made by the Sovereign.
Sternen was born in Verd, now part of the Carniolan municipality of Vrhnika, then part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire. He attended the secondary school in Krško and attended technical school in Graz between 1888 and 1891. After finishing the school in Graz, he enrolled at the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna. In 1897 he left Vienna for Munich, where he studied at Anton Ažbe's private art school. He lived and worked in the Bavarian capital until Ažbe's death in 1905.
The Soviets also helped Germany to avoid British naval blockades by providing a submarine base, Basis Nord, in the northern Soviet Union near Murmansk. This also provided a refueling and maintenance location, and a takeoff point for raids and attacks on shipping. In addition, the Soviets provided Germany with access to the Northern Sea Route for both cargo ships and raiders (though only the commerce raider Komet used the route before the German invasion), which forced Britain to protect sea lanes in both the Atlantic and the Pacific.
The character was played by David Kelly in the 2005 film adaptation, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. Veteran actor Gregory Peck was originally selected to play the role, but he died in 2003 before filming began. This version of the character is written as more calm than the 1971 version. An original backstory to Grandpa Joe's past was added to Tim Burton's film, wherein it is said that Joe worked for Wonka until the latter fired all his workers from his factory due to constant corporate espionage by rival confectionery manufacturers. When he returns to the factory with Charlie for the tour, Wonka asks if he was a spy working for a competing factory before he humbly welcomes him back.
In 376, the Ostrogoths, fleeing from the Huns, received permission from Emperor Valens (r. 364–378) to settle in the Roman province of Thracia in the Balkans. The settlement did not go smoothly, and when Roman officials mishandled the situation, the Ostrogoths began to raid and plunder.[D] Valens, attempting to put down the disorder, was killed fighting the Ostrogoths at the Battle of Adrianople on 9 August 378. As well as the threat from such tribal confederacies from the north, internal divisions within the empire, especially within the Christian Church, caused problems. In 400, the Visigoths invaded the Western Roman Empire and, although briefly forced back from Italy, in 410 sacked the city of Rome. In 406 the Alans, Vandals, and Suevi crossed into Gaul; over the next three years they spread across Gaul and in 409 crossed the Pyrenees Mountains into modern-day Spain. The Migration Period began, where various people, initially largely Germanic peoples, moved across Europe. The Franks, Alemanni, and the Burgundians all ended up in northern Gaul while the Angles, Saxons, and Jutes settled in Britain. In the 430s the Huns began invading the empire; their king Attila (r. 434–453) led invasions into the Balkans in 442 and 447, Gaul in 451, and Italy in 452. The Hunnic threat remained until Attila's death in 453, when the Hunnic confederation he led fell apart. These invasions by the tribes completely changed the political and demographic nature of what had been the Western Roman Empire.
Aadmi Aur Aurat (English title - Man and Woman) is 1984 Hindi language Telefilm directed by Tapan Sinha and starring Amol Palekar, Mahua Roy Chawdhary, Kalyan Chatterjee, Nirmal Ghosh, Parimal Sengupta, Sudhir K. Singh, Dipak Sanyal, Sameer Mukharjee. The movie was telecast on Doordarshan, Government owned TV Channel of India. This film was screened in International Film Festival of India-2007.
Bremen Cathedral (), dedicated to St. Peter, is a church situated in the market square in the center of Bremen, in northern Germany. The cathedral belongs to the Bremian Evangelical Church, a member of the Protestant umbrella organization named Evangelical Church in Germany. It is the previous cathedral of the former Prince-Archbishopric of Bremen. Since 1973, it is protected by the monument protection act.
Dead Man's Land is a book by Robert Ryan, based in World War I. It involves Sherlock Holmes' sidekick, Dr. Watson (created by Arthur Conan Doyle). It is fully authorized by Conan Doyle Estate Ltd. "Dead Man' Land" has been written under license from the Sir Arthur Conan Doyle literary Estate
The NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament (known informally as March Madness) is a single - elimination tournament played each spring in the United States, currently featuring 68 college basketball teams from the Division I level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), to determine the national championship. The tournament was created in 1939 by the National Association of Basketball Coaches, and was the idea of The Ohio State University coach Harold Olsen. Played mostly during March, it has become one of the most famous annual sporting events in the United States.
Bush focused his campaign on national security, presenting himself as a decisive leader and contrasted Kerry as a "flip-flopper." This strategy was designed to convey to American voters the idea that Bush could be trusted to be tough on terrorism while Kerry would be "uncertain in the face of danger." Bush (just as his father did with Dukakis in the 1988 election) also sought to portray Kerry as a "Massachusetts liberal" who was out of touch with mainstream Americans. One of Kerry's slogans was "Stronger at home, respected in the world." This advanced the suggestion that Kerry would pay more attention to domestic concerns; it also encapsulated Kerry's contention that Bush had alienated American allies by his foreign policy.
MLB The Show 18 is a baseball video game by SIE San Diego Studio and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment, based on Major League Baseball (MLB). It is the thirteenth entry of the MLB: The Show franchise, and was released worldwide on March 27, 2018, for PlayStation 4. Aaron Judge is featured as the cover star for the U.S. version, while Marcus Stroman is on the cover of the Canadian version. A limited amount of people were invited to a closed alpha, which began on December 22, 2017, until December 26, 2017, to test the online servers. Those who pre-ordered the game received access to the game 4 days early, able to pick up their copy of the game on March 23, 2018.
According to recent estimates, 50% of the population adheres to Christianity, Islam 48%, while 2% of the population follows other religions including traditional African religion and animism. According to a study made by Pew Research Center, 63% adheres to Christianity and 36% adheres to Islam. Since May 2002, the government of Eritrea has officially recognized the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church (Oriental Orthodox), Sunni Islam, the Eritrean Catholic Church (a Metropolitanate sui juris) and the Evangelical Lutheran church. All other faiths and denominations are required to undergo a registration process. Among other things, the government's registration system requires religious groups to submit personal information on their membership to be allowed to worship.
Clint Richardson Jr. (born August 7, 1956) is an American former professional basketball player who was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 2nd round (36th overall) of the 1979 NBA draft. A 6'3" guard from Seattle University, Richardson played in nine NBA seasons, from 1980 to 1989, with the 76ers and the Indiana Pacers. He also played for one season (European Cup matches only) for one of the top Greek teams, AEK Athens, as well as a season in Italy. During his NBA career, Richardson played in 586 games and scored a total of 4,084 points. His best year as a professional came during the 1985-86 season as a member of the Pacers, appearing in 82 games and averaging 9.7 ppg. Richardson was a member of the team.
MCA Records was an American record label owned by MCA Inc., which later gave way to the larger MCA Music Entertainment Group (now Universal Music Group), which the label was part of until its dissolution in 2003. The label's country division MCA Nashville is a still active imprint of Universal Music Group Nashville.
The Battle of Ligny (16 June 1815) was the last victory of the military career of Napoleon Bonaparte. In this battle, French troops of the Armée du Nord under Napoleon's command, defeated part of a Prussian army under Field Marshal Prince Blücher, near Ligny in present-day Belgium. The Battle of Ligny is an example of a tactical win and a strategic loss for the French. While the French troops did force the enemy to retreat, the Prussian army survived and went on to play a pivotal role two days later at the Battle of Waterloo, reinforced by the Prussian IV Corps, which had not participated in the Battle of Ligny. Had the French army succeeded in keeping the Prussian army from joining the Anglo-allied Army under Wellington at Waterloo, Napoleon might have won the Waterloo Campaign.
GNU arch software is a distributed revision control system that is part of the GNU Project and licensed under the GNU General Public License. It is used to keep track of the changes made to a source tree and to help programmers combine and otherwise manipulate changes made by multiple people or at different times.
Otto Julius Zobel (October 20, 1887 – January 1970) was an electrical engineer who worked for the American Telephone & Telegraph Company (AT&T) in the early part of the 20th century. Zobel's work on filter design was revolutionary and led, in conjunction with the work of John R. Carson, to significant commercial advances for AT&T in the field of frequency division multiplex (FDM) telephone transmissions.
Sir (John) Mostyn Hanger (3 January 190811 August 1980) was a judge in the Australian state of Queensland, rising to become Chief Justice and Administrator of the state.
Other notable places include Elizabeth Fort, the Cork Opera House, Christ Church on South Main Street (now the Triskel Arts Centre and original site of early Hiberno-Norse church), St Mary's Dominican Church on Popes Quay and Fitzgerald's Park to the west of the city, which contains the Cork Public Museum. Other popular tourist attractions include the grounds of University College Cork, through which the River Lee flows, the Women's Gaol at Sundays Well (now a heritage centre) and the English Market. This covered market traces its origins back to 1610, and the present building dates from 1786.
Tourism is a major industry owing to the city's climate, its beaches, and numerous tourist attractions such as Balboa Park, Belmont amusement park, San Diego Zoo, San Diego Zoo Safari Park, and SeaWorld San Diego. San Diego's Spanish and Mexican heritage is reflected in the many historic sites across the city, such as Mission San Diego de Alcala and Old Town San Diego State Historic Park. Also, the local craft brewing industry attracts an increasing number of visitors for "beer tours" and the annual San Diego Beer Week in November; San Diego has been called "America's Craft Beer Capital."
Sports played on the island include football, cricket, volleyball, tennis, golf, motocross, shooting sports and yachting. Saint Helena has sent teams to a number of Commonwealth Games. Saint Helena is a member of the International Island Games Association. The Saint Helena cricket team made its debut in international cricket in Division Three of the African region of the World Cricket League in 2011.
Baker Creek is a community located in British Columbia, Canada, west of Quesnel along the Nazko highway, at the south end of Puntataenkut Lake. People in the community enjoy many outdoor activities such as fishing, hunting, boating, camping, and riding horses, ATVs and snowmobiles.
Prince FrederickLouis Charles of Prussia (; Potsdam, 5 November 1773 – Berlin, 28 December 1796) was the second son and third child of Frederick William II of Prussia and Frederika Louisa of Hesse-Darmstadt.
Günter Voigt (born January 2, 1933), is a military scientist and retired major general, whose last assignment was as Deputy Commander in Chief and Chief of Staff of the Air Forces of the National People's Army in the former East Germany.
On May 6, 2015 the series was canceled on Fox. On May 15, 2015, Hulu announced it had picked up the series for a 26 - episode season 4, with the option of future seasons. On May 4, 2016, Hulu announced it had picked up the series for a 16 - episode season 5, which was later reduced to 14. On March 29, 2017, The Mindy Project was renewed for a sixth and final season, which premiered on September 12, 2017, and the final episode aired on November 14, 2017. A total of 117 episodes of The Mindy Project aired over six seasons.
Curtis Armstrong (born November 27, 1953) is an American actor known for his portrayal as Booger in the Revenge of the Nerds movies, as Herbert Viola on Moonlighting, as Miles Dalby in Risky Business, as famed record producer Ahmet Ertegün in the film Ray, as the voice of ``Maru ''in Planes: Fire & Rescue, and for voicing Schmuley`` Snot'' Lonstein in American Dad!, and the title character in the show Dan Vs. He is also the co-host of the TBS reality television competition series King of the Nerds, in addition to the role of Metatron in the series Supernatural.
Valerie Ogoke (born 10 September 1986) is an American basketball forward playing professionally in Australia for the Canberra Capitals. She played high school basketball for St. Mary's Academy, before going on to play university basketball for Loyola Marymount University (LMU) from 2004 to 2008. While with the LMU team, she participated in a game in Australia against the Australian Institute of Sport team. After finishing university, where she majored in accounting, she played in the Western Australian State Basketball League for the South West Slammers. In 2012, following a three-week trial, she signed with the Canberra Capitals in Australia's Women's National Basketball League.
An elderly veteran visits the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial with his family. Upon seeing one particular grave, he falls to his knees overcome with emotion. The scene then shifts to the morning of June 6, 1944, as American soldiers land on Omaha Beach as part of the Normandy Invasion. They suffer heavy losses in assaulting German defensive positions of artillery and machine guns raining down intense fire on the American forces. Captain John H. Miller of the 2nd Ranger Battalion assembles a group to penetrate the German defenses, leading to a breakout from the beach. Elsewhere on the beach, a dead soldier lies face - down in the bloody surf; his pack is stenciled Ryan, S.
Religious Jews have Minhagim, customs, in addition to Halakha, or religious law, and different interpretations of law. Different groups of religious Jews in different geographic areas historically adopted different customs and interpretations. On certain issues, Orthodox Jews are required to follow the customs of their ancestors, and do not believe they have the option of picking and choosing. For this reason, observant Jews at times find it important for religious reasons to ascertain who their household's religious ancestors are in order to know what customs their household should follow. These times include, for example, when two Jews of different ethnic background marry, when a non-Jew converts to Judaism and determines what customs to follow for the first time, or when a lapsed or less observant Jew returns to traditional Judaism and must determine what was done in his or her family's past. In this sense, "Ashkenazic" refers both to a family ancestry and to a body of customs binding on Jews of that ancestry. Reform Judaism, which does not necessarily follow those minhagim, did nonetheless originate among Ashkenazi Jews.
Amblin Entertainment is an American film production company founded by director and producer Steven Spielberg, and film producers Kathleen Kennedy and Frank Marshall in 1981. The company's headquarters are located on the backlot of Universal Studios in Universal City, California. The company distributes all of the films from Amblin Partners under the Amblin Entertainment name.
Born Douglas Behl in Elmira, New York, to Jean Melissa "Missy" (née Fairbairn) and Martin E. Behl. His father was born in Westphalen, Germany, and came to America as a toddler. His mother was born in Huntsville, Ontario, Canada. His parents moved around a lot, married in Cleveland, Ohio in 1918, they lived in Pennsylvania, New York, and New Jersey. His parents got a divorce when he was a child and he never saw his father again. (His father moved back to New York City and later died in Santa Barbara, California in 1967.) His mother later remarried, to Wesley Hibbard Bunce, and they moved to Coconut Grove, Florida in 1938. After going by Douglas Bunce for a time, although not officially, he legally changed his last name to his mother's maiden name in 1955.
Randi Mayem Singer earned her undergraduate degree in political science at the University of California, Berkeley, before pursuing a career in broadcast journalism. Before selling her first script, Singer worked as a news reporter for KMEL San Francisco and as a news anchor for LA radio stations KRLA, KRTH and KFI, using the pseudonym Randi Allison.
In late February, large public rallies took place in Kiev to protest the election laws, on the eve of the March 26 elections to the USSR Congress of People's Deputies, and to call for the resignation of the first secretary of the Communist Party of Ukraine, Volodymyr Scherbytsky, lampooned as "the mastodon of stagnation." The demonstrations coincided with a visit to Ukraine by Soviet President Gorbachev. On February 26, 1989, between 20,000 and 30,000 people participated in an unsanctioned ecumenical memorial service in Lviv, marking the anniversary of the death of 19th Century Ukrainian artist and nationalist Taras Shevchenko.
Thomas Harrison (1555, London – 1631) was an English Puritan scholar, a Vice-Master of Trinity College, Cambridge, and one of the translators for the King James Version of the Bible.
Martijn William Zimri Teerlinck (31 March 1987 – 10 December 2013), known as Cole Williams, or The Child of Lov, was a Dutch poet and musician born in Lendelede Belgium, but raised in Amsterdam and Alkmaar, The Netherlands.
Buckingham Palace (UK: / ˈbʌkɪŋəm ˈpælɪs /) is the London residence and administrative headquarters of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom. Located in the City of Westminster, the palace is often at the centre of state occasions and royal hospitality. It has been a focal point for the British people at times of national rejoicing and mourning.
Bai's father was a primary school teacher who encouraged Bai to read. In 1966, he went to middle school, graduating with a High School Certificate in 1970, at the time of the Cultural Revolution. After high school he joined the Down to the Countryside Movement with other young people. Bai Chunli worked in the Inner Mongolia production and construction corps for four years. In 1974, after the whole soldiers' secret ballot and the exam, Bai Chunli was recommended to be a student at Peking University graduating in 1978. In 1981 he received a master's degree of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, and in 1985 earned a doctor’s degree.
Impeachment in the United States is an enumerated power of the legislature that allows formal charges to be brought against a civil officer of government for crimes alleged to have been committed. Most impeachments have concerned alleged crimes committed while in office, though there have been a few cases in which Congress has impeached and convicted officials partly for prior crimes. The actual trial on such charges, and subsequent removal of an official upon conviction, is separate from the act of impeachment itself. Impeachment proceedings have been initiated against several presidents of the United States. Andrew Johnson and Bill Clinton are the only two presidents to have been successfully impeached by the House of Representatives, and both were later acquitted by the Senate. The impeachment process against Richard Nixon was never completed, as Nixon resigned his office before the vote of the full House for impeachment, but such a vote was widely expected to pass, and the threat of it and a subsequent conviction in the Senate was the impetus for Nixon's departure. To date, no president has been removed from office by impeachment and conviction. The impeached official continues in office until conviction.
Ottawa (/ ˈɒtəwə / (listen), / - wɑː /; French pronunciation: ​ (ɔtawa)) is the capital city of Canada. It stands on the south bank of the Ottawa River in the eastern portion of southern Ontario. Ottawa borders Gatineau, Quebec; the two form the core of the Ottawa -- Gatineau census metropolitan area (CMA) and the National Capital Region (NCR). As of 2016, Ottawa had a city population of 964,743 and a metropolitan population of 1,323,783 making it the fourth - largest city and the fifth - largest CMA in Canada.
Kazakhstan first participated at the Olympic Games as an independent nation in 1994, and has sent athletes to compete in every Games since then. Prior to the dissolution of the Soviet Union, Kazakh athletes competed as part of the Soviet Union at the Olympics, and were also part of the Unified Team in 1992.
Spider - Man is an animated television series in the superhero fiction genre. It was the original animated TV series based on the Spider - Man comic book series created by writer Stan Lee and designed by artist Steve Ditko, and was jointly produced in Canada (voice acting) and the United States (animation). The first two seasons aired on the ABC television network, and the third was distributed in syndication. Grantray - Lawrence Animation produced the first season, and seasons two and three were produced by Krantz Films in New York City. The show starred Paul Soles as Peter Parker (Spider - Man). The series ran from September 9, 1967, to June 14, 1970.
``Love Will Keep Us Alive ''is a song written by Jim Capaldi, Paul Carrack, and Peter Vale. It was first performed by the Eagles in 1994, during their`` Hell Freezes Over'' reunion tour, with lead vocals by bassist Timothy B. Schmit.
In 1932, Hayek suggested that private investment in the public markets was a better road to wealth and economic co-ordination in Britain than government spending programs, as argued in a letter he co-signed with Lionel Robbins and others in an exchange of letters with John Maynard Keynes in The Times. The nearly decade long deflationary depression in Britain dating from Churchill's decision in 1925 to return Britain to the gold standard at the old pre-war, pre-inflationary par was the public policy backdrop for Hayek's single public engagement with Keynes over British monetary and fiscal policy, otherwise Hayek and Keynes agreed on many theoretical matters, and their economic disagreements were fundamentally theoretical, having to do almost exclusively with the relation of the economics of extending the length of production to the economics of labour inputs.
Magic Christian Music is the debut album by the British rock band Badfinger, released in early 1970 on Apple Records. Three tracks from the LP are featured in the film "The Magic Christian", which also gives the album its title. However, "Magic Christian Music" is not an official soundtrack album for the film.
The Unsustainable Lifestyle is the first full-length CD by Indie rock band Beauty Pill. It was released in 2004 on Dischord Records.
In nuclear engineering, a neutron moderator is a medium that reduces the speed of fast neutrons, thereby turning them into thermal neutrons capable of sustaining a nuclear chain reaction involving uranium - 235 or a similar fissile nuclide.
The Parental Advisory label (abbreviated PAL) is a warning label first introduced by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in 1985 and later adopted by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) in 2011. It is placed on audio recordings in recognition of excessive profanities or inappropriate references, with the intention of alerting parents of potentially unsuitable material for younger children. The label was first affixed on physical 33 1 / 3 rpm records, compact discs and cassette tapes, and it has been included on digital listings offered by online music stores to accommodate the growing popularity of the latter platform.
"The Bag or the Bat" is the pilot episode of the Showtime original series "Ray Donovan", and premiered on June 30, 2013. The series premiere was directed by Allen Coulter and written by series creator Ann Biderman. Prior to the premiere television airing, the episode was uploaded to YouTube by Showtime and was previewed over 150,000 times.
The Dream Life of Balso Snell is a 1931 novel by American author Nathanael West. West's first novel, it presents a young man's immature and cynical search for meaning in a series of dreamlike encounters inside the entrails of the Trojan Horse.
Mohamed Fadel Brahami () (born June 27, 1978) in Bondy (Paris), France), is an Algerian football player who currently plays at Bulgarian club PFC Minyor Pernik. His favourite position is as a defensive midfielder but he can also play as a right-back and on the right side of the midfield.
"Understand" is the debut single and a number-one Christian rock hit by Christian recording artist Jeremy Camp. The song is from Camp's first major-label studio album, "Stay", released in 2002.
The opening sentences of the story, in both the Galland and the Burton versions, set it in China and imply, at least, that Aladdin is Chinese. On the other hand, there is practically nothing in the rest of the story that is inconsistent with a Persian or Arabian setting. For instance, the Sultan is referred to as such rather being called the ``Emperor '', as in some re-tellings, and the people we meet in the story are Muslims: their conversation is larded with devout Muslim platitudes. A Jewish merchant buys Aladdin's wares (and incidentally cheats him), but there is no mention of Buddhists or Confucians (or other distinctively Han Chinese people).
Under the current rules, only the top three picks are decided by the lottery, and are chosen from the 14 teams that do not make the playoffs. The team with the worst record, or the team that holds the draft rights of the team with the worst record, has the best chance to obtain a higher draft pick. After the top three positions are selected (from the lottery slotting system), the remainder of the first - round draft order is in inverse order of the win - loss record for the remaining teams, or the teams who originally held the lottery rights if they were traded. The lottery does not determine the draft order in the subsequent rounds of the draft.
Jessie Woodrow Wilson Sayre (August 28, 1887 – January 15, 1933) was a daughter of US President Woodrow Wilson and Ellen Louise Axson. She was a political activist, and "She worked vigorously for women's suffrage, social issues, and to promote her father's call for a League of Nations, and emerged as a force in the Massachusetts Democratic Party."
A record total of 1,820 athletes representing 20 member nations of the Asian Games Federation participated in the Games. The number of participating countries was also greatest in comparison to the first two editions of the Games.
William Brockie (1811–1890) was a 19th-century Scottish born writer, newspaper editor, poet and songwriter who lived for many years in Sunderland.
The event returned in 2015, being played at Woburn and hosted by golfer Ian Poulter. The 2016 edition was played at The Grove and hosted by Luke Donald. The 2017 tournament was played at Close House Golf Club and hosted by Lee Westwood. The 2018 tournament was played at Walton Heath Golf Club and hosted by Justin Rose.
Green was educated at Brighton College and the University of London. In 1935 he joined a Blackburn manufacturer as a manager, and became a company director and a member of a firm of textile engineers. He volunteered for the British Army at the outbreak of World War II and was commissioned into the Royal Artillery in 1942, serving in the Middle East and attaining the rank of Major.
Most nuclear fuels contain heavy fissile elements that are capable of nuclear fission, such as uranium - 235 or plutonium - 239. When the unstable nuclei of these atoms are hit by a slow - moving neutron, they split, creating two daughter nuclei and two or three more neutrons. These neutrons then go on to split more nuclei. This creates a self - sustaining chain reaction that is controlled in a nuclear reactor, or uncontrolled in a nuclear weapon.
Charlie Bucket is a title character and the protagonist of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, its sequel Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator, and the film adaptations of these books. He is depicted as a kind - hearted, nice, selfless, sweet, brave, but poor boy that lives with his mother, father and four bedridden grandparents. Charlie was to have been a little black boy at the outset, but the detail was changed at the insistence of Dahl's literary agent to better appeal to audiences. In 1971, he has a newspaper route after school. He and his family follow the progress of the hunt for the Golden Tickets in newspapers, in films, and on television. Unlike the first four finalists, Charlie is honest and generous. In the 1971 film, Charlie was portrayed by Peter Ostrum, in his only film appearance. His nationality is never explicitly stated, but in the 1971 film, he speaks with an American accent, and in the 2005 film, he speaks with an English accent. The filmmakers have stated that it was their intention that Charlie's hometown be kept ambiguous.
In 1888 Frederick Douglass was invited to speak at the Republican National Convention. Afterward during the roll call vote, he received one vote, so was nominally a candidate for the presidency. In those years, the candidates for the presidency and vice presidency were chosen by state representatives voting at the nominating convention. Many decisions were made by negotiations of state and party leaders ``behind closed doors. ''Douglass was not a serious candidate in contemporary terms.
Garden City, sometimes known as Garden City Beach, is a census-designated place (CDP) in Horry County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 9,209 at the 2010 census. Garden City Beach is located directly south of Surfside Beach. The developed part of the beach extends south beyond the limits of the Garden City CDP, into Georgetown County, and ends on a peninsula at the mouth of Murrells Inlet.
Since all modern ctenophores except the beroids have cydippid-like larvae, it has widely been assumed that their last common ancestor also resembled cydippids, having an egg-shaped body and a pair of retractable tentacles. Richard Harbison's purely morphological analysis in 1985 concluded that the cydippids are not monophyletic, in other words do not contain all and only the descendants of a single common ancestor that was itself a cydippid. Instead he found that various cydippid families were more similar to members of other ctenophore orders than to other cydippids. He also suggested that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was either cydippid-like or beroid-like. A molecular phylogeny analysis in 2001, using 26 species, including 4 recently discovered ones, confirmed that the cydippids are not monophyletic and concluded that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was cydippid-like. It also found that the genetic differences between these species were very small – so small that the relationships between the Lobata, Cestida and Thalassocalycida remained uncertain. This suggests that the last common ancestor of modern ctenophores was relatively recent, and perhaps was lucky enough to survive the Cretaceous–Paleogene extinction event 65.5 million years ago while other lineages perished. When the analysis was broadened to include representatives of other phyla, it concluded that cnidarians are probably more closely related to bilaterians than either group is to ctenophores but that this diagnosis is uncertain.
The Van Riebeeck Society is a South African organisation founded in 1918, setting itself the goal of republishing historical primary sources and making these available to the average reader. With rare exceptions a new volume has been published annually. Fees from subscribing members finance the publications. The Society's publications maintain a high academic standard and it has produced valuable Africana.
Brian Dunkleman (born September 25, 1971) is an American comedian, actor and television personality. He is best known as being co-host with Ryan Seacrest on the first season of American Idol, in 2002.
The Cosby Show is an American television sitcom starring Bill Cosby, which aired for eight seasons on NBC from September 20, 1984, until April 30, 1992. The show focuses on the Huxtable family, an upper middle - class African - American family living in Brooklyn, New York.
The Battle of Soor (30 September 1745) was a battle between Frederick the Great's Prussian army and an Austro-Saxon army led by Prince Charles Alexander of Lorraine during the Second Silesian War (part of the War of the Austrian Succession). The battle occurred in the vicinity of Soor, also known as Hajnice, in the modern day Czech Republic. The battle started with a failed Austrian surprise attack on the outnumbered Prussians. Despite initial setbacks the Prussian army managed to defeat the Austrians, due to an unexpected attack from a reserve regiment that refused to follow Frederick's orders.
The roots of Presbyterianism lie in the European Reformation of the 16th century; the example of John Calvin's Geneva being particularly influential. Most Reformed churches which trace their history back to Scotland are either presbyterian or congregationalist in government. In the twentieth century, some Presbyterians played an important role in the ecumenical movement, including the World Council of Churches. Many Presbyterian denominations have found ways of working together with other Reformed denominations and Christians of other traditions, especially in the World Communion of Reformed Churches. Some Presbyterian churches have entered into unions with other churches, such as Congregationalists, Lutherans, Anglicans, and Methodists. Presbyterians in the United States came largely from Scotch-Irish immigrants communities, and also from New England Yankee communities that had originally been Congregational but changed because of an agreed-upon "Plan of Union of 1801" for frontier areas.
The Guam Department of Education serves the entire island of Guam. In 2000, 32,000 students attended Guam's public schools. Guam Public Schools have struggled with problems such as high dropout rates and poor test scores. Guam's educational system has always faced unique challenges as a small community located 6,000 miles (9,700 km) from the U.S. mainland with a very diverse student body including many students who come from backgrounds without traditional American education. An economic downturn in Guam since the mid-1990s has compounded the problems in schools.
The Dallas Municipal Building is a Dallas Landmark located along S. Harwood Street between Main and Commerce Street in the Main Street District of downtown Dallas, Texas that served as the city's fourth City Hall. The structure is also a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark and a contributing property in the Harwood Street Historic District, located across the street from Main Street Garden Park.
``She's a Woman ''has been described as an example of the rock and roll and rhythm and blues genres. The song, penned mainly by Paul McCartney (Lennon helped with the lyric and bridge) was his attempt at imitating the vocal style of Little Richard. This is why the song is in such a high register, even for McCartney's tenor range. Some takes of the song (especially recordings of live concerts) feature an extended outro.
A Bloody Battle for Revenge () is a 1992 South Korean action film directed, written by, and starring Lee Kyung-kyu. This film is often cited as an example of failure in movie industry in Korea.
Nick Bottom is a character in Shakespeare's "A Midsummer Night's Dream" who provides comic relief throughout the play. A weaver by trade, he is famously known for getting his head transformed into that of a donkey by the elusive Puck. Bottom and Puck are the only two characters who converse with and progress the three central stories in the whole play. Puck is first introduced in the fairies' story and creates the drama of the lovers' story by messing up who loves whom, and places the donkey head on Bottom's in his story. Similarly, Bottom is performing in a play in his story intending it to be presented in the lovers' story, as well as interacting with Titania in the fairies' story.
Archives of Scientific Psychology is an open access academic journal published by the American Psychological Association. The journal publishes articles pertaining to the many different sub-fields of psychology, including neuroscience and political psychology. The journal includes articles that cover the many different research methodologies employed by psychologists. The editor-in-chief is Cecil R. Reynolds (Texas A&M University). It is abstracted and indexed in PsycINFO.
The Great Famine (Irish: an Gorta Mór, (anɣ ˈgɔɾɣt̪ɣa mɣoːɾɣ)) or the Great Hunger was a period of mass starvation, disease, and emigration in Ireland between 1845 and 1849. It is sometimes referred to, mostly outside Ireland, as the Irish Potato Famine, because about two - fifths of the population was solely reliant on this cheap crop for a number of historical reasons. During the famine, about one million people died and a million more emigrated from Ireland, causing the island's population to fall by between 20% and 25%.
NBA Jam 2002 is a sports Game Boy Advance game made by Acclaim Entertainment as licensed basketball simulation for the 2002-2003 NBA season. It was the follow-up to "NBA Jam 2001" and was the last game in the "NBA Jam" series to mention a year in its title.
John Paxton (May 21, 1911, Kansas City, Missouri - January 5, 1985, Santa Monica, California) was an American screenwriter. He was married to Sarah Jane, who worked in public relations for 20th Century Fox.
Aaron Robinson is an American composer, conductor, and musicologist. He is the author of "Does God Sing? – A Musical Journey". He created the musical work "Black Nativity – In Concert: A Gospel Celebration". He also served as conductor and musical director in the PBS documentary "On This Island". In 2013, he was nominated for an Emmy Award for composing Maine Public Broadcasting Network's "Maine Arts" series theme music.
Joel Feinberg (October 19, 1926 in Detroit, Michigan – March 29, 2004 in Tucson, Arizona) was an American political and legal philosopher. He is known for his work in the fields of ethics, action theory, philosophy of law, and political philosophy as well as individual rights and the authority of the state. Feinberg was one of the most influential figures in American jurisprudence of the last fifty years.
The ``Miracle on Ice ''refers to a medal - round game during the men's ice hockey tournament at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, New York, played between the hosting United States, and the four - time defending gold medalists, the Soviet Union.
``On the Good Ship Lollipop ''was the signature song of child actress Shirley Temple. Temple first sang it in the 1934 movie Bright Eyes. The song was composed by Richard A. Whiting and the lyrics were supplied by Sidney Clare.
While at St Paul's Cathedral Holland delivered a sermon in May 1910 following the death of King Edward VII, titled Death the King of Terrors, in which he explores the natural but seemingly contradictory responses to death: the fear of the unexplained and the belief in continuity. It is from his discussion of the latter that perhaps his best - known writing, Death is nothing at all, is drawn:
Lunar distance (LD or Δ ⊕ L (\ textstyle\ Delta _ (\ oplus L))), also called Earth -- Moon distance, Earth -- Moon characteristic distance, or distance to the Moon, is a unit of measure in astronomy. It is the average distance from the center of Earth to the center of the Moon. More technically, it is the mean semi-major axis of the geocentric lunar orbit. It may also refer to the time - averaged distance between the centers of the Earth and the Moon, or less commonly, the instantaneous Earth -- Moon distance. The lunar distance is approximately a quarter of a million miles (7008400000000000000 ♠ 400 000 km).
"Desde El Principio" also came to be the duo's final album for the Sony Music Entertainment label, a company they after a series of mergers in various forms had been signed to for some fifteen years (CBS Records Spain, Epic Records Spain, CBS-Epic Spain, eventually a sublabel to Sony Music Spain, today a subsidiary to the multinational Sony BMG Music Entertainment conglomerate). In 2006 Azúcar Moreno returned to their previous label EMI Music for the album "Bailando Con Lola".
``Shake Ya Ass ''Single by Mystikal from the album Let's Get Ready B - side`` Shake It Fast'' Released July 18, 2000 (2000 - 07 - 18) Format Vinyl, CD Recorded Master Sound Studios (Virginia Beach, Virginia) Genre Hip hop Length 4: 20 Label Jive Songwriter (s) Michael Tyler, Pharrell Williams, Chad Hugo Producer (s) The Neptunes Mystikal singles chronology ``Live or Die ''(1999)`` Shake Ya Ass'' (2000) ``Danger (Been So Long) ''(2000)`` Live or Die'' (1999) ``Shake Ya Ass ''(2000)`` Danger (Been So Long)'' (2000)
"Sunshine in the Rain" is an electronica song performed by Swedish band BWO. The song was released as a sixth single from their first album, Prototype in Sweden, on 15 September 2005.
The Feast in the House of Levi or Christ in the House of Levi is a 1573 painting by Italian painter Paolo Veronese and one of the largest canvases of the 16th century, measuring . It is now in the Gallerie dell'Accademia in Venice. It was painted by Veronese for the rear wall of the refectory of the Basilica di Santi Giovanni e Paolo, a Dominican friary, as a "Last Supper", to replace an earlier work by Titian destroyed in the fire of 1571.
Rajendra Chola I or Rajendra I was a Chola emperor of India who succeeded his father Rajaraja Chola I to the throne in 1014 CE. He is considered as one of the greatest emperors of India. During his reign, he extended the influence of the Chola empire to the banks of the river Ganga in North India and across the Indian ocean to the West, making the Chola Empire one of the most powerful empires of India. Rajendra's conquests included Sri Lanka, Maldives, and he successfully invaded the territories of Srivijaya in Malaysia, Southern Thailand and Indonesia in South East Asia. The Cholas exacted tribute from Thailand and the Khmer kingdom of Cambodia. He defeated Mahipala, the Pala king of Bengal and Bihar, and to commemorate his victory he built a new capital city called Gangaikonda Cholapuram.
Dell's reputation for poor customer service, since 2002, which was exacerbated as it moved call centres offshore and as its growth outstripped its technical support infrastructure, came under increasing scrutiny on the Web. The original Dell model was known for high customer satisfaction when PCs sold for thousands but by the 2000s, the company could not justify that level of service when computers in the same lineup sold for hundreds. Rollins responded by shifting Dick Hunter from head of manufacturing to head of customer service. Hunter, who noted that Dell's DNA of cost-cutting "got in the way," aimed to reduce call transfer times and have call center representatives resolve inquiries in one call. By 2006, Dell had spent $100 million in just a few months to improve on this, and rolled out DellConnect to answer customer inquiries more quickly. In July 2006, the company started its Direct2Dell blog, and then in February 2007, Michael Dell launched IdeaStorm.com, asking customers for advice including selling Linux computers and reducing the promotional "bloatware" on PCs. These initiatives did manage to cut the negative blog posts from 49% to 22%, as well as reduce the "Dell Hell" prominent on Internet search engines.
The first-generation Acura RL was a rebadged version of the third-generation Honda Legend, and was first introduced to the North American market in 1996, to replace the second-generation Acura Legend. The second-generation Acura RL was a rebadged version of the fourth-generation Honda Legend, introduced to the North American market in September 2004, as a 2005 model. This iteration of the RL received an extensive mid-generational facelift for the 2009 model year, and a further update for 2011. The third-generation debuted for the 2014 model year as the Acura RLX.
Cape Fanning () is a cape which forms the north side of the entrance to Violante Inlet, on the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. It was discovered by the United States Antarctic Service in a flight from East Base on December 30, 1940, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Edmund Fanning, of Stonington, CT, and New York City, who in addition to actual Antarctic exploration in connection with his sealing and whaling business also vigorously promoted exploration by others under both private and public auspices. His book, "Voyages Round the World", published in 1833, is an authoritative work on early American Antarctic exploration.
Moldova competed in the Summer Olympic Games as an independent nation for the first time at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States. Previously, Moldovan athletes competed for the Unified Team at the 1992 Winter Olympics.
The Osborne 1 is considered the first true mobile computer by most historians. Adam Osborne founded Osborne Computer and formed the Osborne 1 in 1981. The Osborne 1 had a five - inch screen, incorporating a modem port, two 5 1 / 4 floppy drives, a big collection of bundled software applications, and a battery pack. The computer company was a failure and did not last for very long. Although it was large and heavy compared to today's laptops, with a tiny 5 ''CRT monitor, it had a near - revolutionary impact on business, as professionals were able to take their computer and data with them for the first time. This and other ``luggables'' were inspired by what was probably the first portable computer, the Xerox NoteTaker. The Osborne was about the size of a portable sewing machine, and could be carried on commercial aircraft. The Osborne 1 weighed close to 11 kg and was priced at $1795.
The Jurmo-class landing craft is a type of military transport in use by the Finnish Navy. The manufacturer Marine Alutech designates it as Watercat M12.
Zephyrhills North is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pasco County, Florida, United States. The population was 2,544 at the 2000 census.
Rank Name Sex Birth date Death date Age Place of death or residence Jeanne Calment 21 February 1875 4 August 1997 122 years, 164 days France Sarah Knauss 24 September 1880 30 December 1999 119 years, 97 days United States Lucy Hannah 16 July 1875 21 March 1993 117 years, 248 days United States Marie - Louise Meilleur 29 August 1880 16 April 1998 117 years, 230 days Canada 5 Violet Brown 10 March 1900 15 September 2017 117 years, 189 days Jamaica 6 Emma Morano 29 November 1899 15 April 2017 117 years, 137 days Italy 7 Nabi Tajima 4 August 1900 Living 7004428270000000000 ♠ 117 years, 93 days Japan 8 Misao Okawa 5 March 1898 1 April 2015 117 years, 27 days Japan 9 María Capovilla 14 September 1889 27 August 2006 116 years, 347 days Ecuador 10 Susannah Mushatt Jones 6 July 1899 12 May 2016 116 years, 311 days United States
Stephen Curry Curry in 2016 No. 30 -- Golden State Warriors Position Point guard League NBA (1988 - 03 - 14) March 14, 1988 (age 29) Akron, Ohio Nationality American Listed height 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m) Listed weight 190 lb (86 kg) Career information High school Charlotte Christian (Charlotte, North Carolina) College Davidson (2006 -- 2009) NBA draft 2009 / Round: 1 / Pick: 7th overall Selected by the Golden State Warriors Playing career 2009 -- present Career history 2009 -- present Golden State Warriors Career highlights and awards 2 × NBA champion (2015, 2017) 2 × NBA Most Valuable Player (2015, 2016) 4 × NBA All - Star (2014 -- 2017) 2 × All - NBA First Team (2015, 2016) 2 × All - NBA Second Team (2014, 2017) NBA scoring champion (2016) NBA steals leader (2016) 50 -- 40 -- 90 club (2016) NBA Three - Point Contest champion (2015) NBA Sportsmanship Award (2011) NBA All - Rookie First Team (2010) AP Athlete of the Year (2015) Consensus first - team All - American (2009) Consensus second - team All - American (2008) NCAA Division I scoring leader (2009) 2 × SoCon Player of the Year (2008, 2009) Stats at NBA.com Stats at Basketball-Reference.com Medals (hide) Men's basketball Representing United States FIBA World Cup 2010 Turkey Team 2014 Spain Team
Puritan Passions is a 1923 silent film directed by Frank Tuttle, based on Percy MacKaye's 1908 play "The Scarecrow", which was itself based on Nathaniel Hawthorne's short story "Feathertop". The film stars Glenn Hunter, Mary Astor, and stage actor Osgood Perkins. It follows the play faithfully, except that Osgood Perkins' character is called Dickon in the play and Dr. Nicholas in the movie, and Justice Gilead Merton is renamed Justice Gilead Wingate in the film. It is the only theatrical film version – so far – of Percy MacKaye's play, though there were previously two silent film versions of Hawthorne's original story.
Port Said Governorate ( "") is one of the Canal Zone governorates of Egypt. It is located in the northeastern part of the country, on the Mediterranean Sea at the northern gate of the Suez Canal, making it the second most important harbor in Egypt. Its capital is the city of Port Said, and is the home of the Suez Canal Authority historical administrative building and the Lighthouse of Port Said.
In 1975, the most prominent government reforms regarding family law in a Muslim country were set in motion in the Somali Democratic Republic, which put women and men, including husbands and wives, on complete equal footing. The 1975 Somali Family Law gave men and women equal division of property between the husband and wife upon divorce and the exclusive right to control by each spouse over his or her personal property.
The Breton-Prétot machine was an experimental wire-cutting device developed in France from November 1914. It was developed by Mr. Prétot, engineer, and Jules-Louis Breton, member of the French National Assembly.
James Howard Meredith (born June 25, 1933) is a Civil Rights Movement figure, writer, political adviser and Air Force veteran. In 1962, he became the first African - American student admitted to the segregated University of Mississippi, after the intervention of the federal government, an event that was a flashpoint in the Civil Rights Movement. Inspired by President John F. Kennedy's inaugural address, Meredith decided to exercise his constitutional rights and apply to the University of Mississippi. His goal was to put pressure on the Kennedy administration to enforce civil rights for African Americans.
John Avery Whittaker, voiced by Hal Smith (1987 -- 1994), Paul Herlinger (1996 -- 2008), and Andre Stojka (2009 -), often known as ``Whit, ''is the main fictional character of Adventures in Odyssey and the namesake of Odyssey's most famous attraction, Whit's End. He is viewed as a spiritual Christian leader to the children, and adults also, in Odyssey. He was originally voiced by Hal Smith, but after Smith's death in 1994, the character of Whit left Odyssey to lead an archaeological mission in Israel for the Universal Press Foundation. Whit returned to Odyssey in 1996; he had been voiced by Paul Herlinger until 2008. Andre Stojka took the role following Herlinger's retirement. This is the second character voiced by Stojka that was previously voiced by Hal Smith (the first being Owl from Disney's Winnie the Pooh franchise, with Stojka having voiced the character from 1997 to 2006).
According to a 2001 report from The World Factbook by CIA, about 50% of Nigeria's population is Muslim, 40% are Christians and 10% adhere to local religions. But in some recent report, the Christian population is now sightly larger than the Muslim population. An 18 December 2012 report on religion and public life by the Pew Research Center stated that in 2010, 49.3 percent of Nigeria's population was Christian, 48.8 percent was Muslim, and 1.9 percent were followers of indigenous and other religions, or unaffiliated. Additionally, the 2010s census of Association of Religion Data Archives has reported that 46.5 percent of the total population is Christian, slightly bigger than the Muslim population of 45.5 percent, and that 7.7 percent are members of other religious groups.
Vat Yotkeo was a temple in Laos which was built between during the rule of King Sai Setthathirat. It was destroyed in 1828 by the Thais, who burned and pillaged Vientiane following the defeat of the last king of the Vientiane dynasty of Lan Xang, Chao Anouvong.
An Unseen Enemy is a 1912 Biograph Company short silent film directed by D. W. Griffith, and was the first film to be made starring the actresses Lillian Gish and Dorothy Gish. A critic of the time stated that "the Gish sisters gave charming performances in this one-reel film". The film was shot in Fort Lee, New Jersey where early film studios in America's first motion picture industry were based at the beginning of the 20th century.
Andrew Lepani (born 28 August 1979) in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea is a footballer who plays as a Midfielder. He has played for PS United Port Moresby and Cosmos Port Moresby. He currently plays for Hekari United in the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League and the Papua New Guinea national football team.
Y DNA studies tend to imply a small number of founders in an old population whose members parted and followed different migration paths. In most Jewish populations, these male line ancestors appear to have been mainly Middle Eastern. For example, Ashkenazi Jews share more common paternal lineages with other Jewish and Middle Eastern groups than with non-Jewish populations in areas where Jews lived in Eastern Europe, Germany and the French Rhine Valley. This is consistent with Jewish traditions in placing most Jewish paternal origins in the region of the Middle East. Conversely, the maternal lineages of Jewish populations, studied by looking at mitochondrial DNA, are generally more heterogeneous. Scholars such as Harry Ostrer and Raphael Falk believe this indicates that many Jewish males found new mates from European and other communities in the places where they migrated in the diaspora after fleeing ancient Israel. In contrast, Behar has found evidence that about 40% of Ashkenazi Jews originate maternally from just four female founders, who were of Middle Eastern origin. The populations of Sephardi and Mizrahi Jewish communities "showed no evidence for a narrow founder effect." Subsequent studies carried out by Feder et al. confirmed the large portion of non-local maternal origin among Ashkenazi Jews. Reflecting on their findings related to the maternal origin of Ashkenazi Jews, the authors conclude "Clearly, the differences between Jews and non-Jews are far larger than those observed among the Jewish communities. Hence, differences between the Jewish communities can be overlooked when non-Jews are included in the comparisons."
When Æthelflæd died in 918, Ælfwynn, her daughter by Æthelred, succeeded as 'Second Lady of the Mercians', but within six months Edward had deprived her of all authority in Mercia and taken her into Wessex.
Area air defence, the air defence of a specific area or location, (as opposed to point defence), have historically been operated by both armies (Anti-Aircraft Command in the British Army, for instance) and Air Forces (the United States Air Force's CIM-10 Bomarc). Area defence systems have medium to long range and can be made up of various other systems and networked into an area defence system (in which case it may be made up of several short range systems combined to effectively cover an area). An example of area defence is the defence of Saudi Arabia and Israel by MIM-104 Patriot missile batteries during the first Gulf War, where the objective was to cover populated areas.
Kakisa Lake is a large lake located in the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is fed by the Kakisa River, and near to the community of Kakisa. An outcropping of the Kakisa Formation occurs along the side of this lake.
Haskell Creek Homesites is a USDA Forest Service Recreational Residence cabin tract in Sierra County, California, United States. Haskell Creek Homesites is northeast of Sierra City, near the mouth of Haskell Creek, a tributary of the North Fork of the Yuba River.
Puente Hills Mall, located in the City of Industry, California, United States, is a major regional shopping center in the San Gabriel Valley region of Los Angeles County. It is most famous for serving as the filming site for the Twin Pines / Lone Pine Mall for the 1985 movie Back to the Future starring Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd.
Sulaiman Mohammed Nazif (born 14 April 1970) was elected Senator for the Bauchi North constituency of Bauchi State, Nigeria, taking office on 29 May 2007. He was elected on the Action Congress (AC) platform.
The Basilica Cathedral of Lima, otherwise Lima Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in the Plaza Mayor of downtown Lima, Peru.  Construction began in 1535, and the building has undergone many reconstructions and transformations since. It retains its colonial structure and facade. It is dedicated to St John, Apostle and Evangelist.
The Battle of Beroia (modern Stara Zagora) was fought in 1122 between the Pechenegs and the Byzantine Empire under Emperor John II Komnenos (r. 1118–1143) in what is now Bulgaria. The Byzantine army won the battle, resulting in the disappearance of the Pechenegs as a distinct, independent people.
"The Night Is Still Young" is a single by rock singer Billy Joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album "Greatest Hits - Volume I and II". It is the second new song from the album, the first one being "You're Only Human (Second Wind)", which peaked at #9 on the US charts. "The Night Is Still Young" single peaked lower at #34. This song is featured on Disc 2 (1978–1985) of the album.
Sukkat Shalom Synagogue or Belgrade Synagogue (Serbian: Београдска синагога / Beogradska sinagoga) is currently the only fully active Jewish place of worship in Serbian capital Belgrade, as other synagogues citywide are not active. It is located in central Belgrade area, near Obilićev Venac Square and central high street Knez Mihailova.
Barry Bonds Bonds in 2006 Left fielder Born: (1964 - 07 - 24) July 24, 1964 (age 53) Riverside, California Batted: Left Threw: Left MLB debut May 30, 1986, for the Pittsburgh Pirates Last MLB appearance September 26, 2007, for the San Francisco Giants MLB statistics Batting average. 298 Home runs 762 Hits 2,935 Runs batted in 1,996 Stolen bases 514 Teams Pittsburgh Pirates (1986 -- 1992) San Francisco Giants (1993 -- 2007) Career highlights and awards 14 × All - Star (1990, 1992 -- 1998, 2000 -- 2004, 2007) 7 × NL MVP (1990, 1992, 1993, 2001 -- 2004) 8 × Gold Glove Award (1990 -- 1994, 1996 -- 1998) 12 × Silver Slugger Award (1990 -- 1994, 1996, 1997, 2000 -- 2004) 3 × NL Hank Aaron Award (2001, 2002, 2004) 2 × NL batting champion (2002, 2004) 2 × NL home run leader (1993, 2001) NL RBI leader (1993) MLB records 762 career home runs 73 home runs in a season 2,558 career walks 688 career intentional walks
Skype Technologies S.A.R.L (also known as Skype Software S.A.R.L, Skype Communications S.A.R.L, Skype Inc., and Skype Limited) is a telecommunications company headquartered in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg and Palo Alto, CA, United States, whose chief business is the manufacturing and marketing of the video chat and instant messaging computer software program Skype, and various Internet telephony services associated with it. Microsoft purchased the company in 2011, and it has since then operated as their wholly owned subsidiary; as of 2016, it is operating as part of Microsoft's Office Product Group. The company is a "Société à responsabilité limitée", or SARL, equivalent to an American limited liability company.
Jaulín is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 307 inhabitants.
Robert Guillaume (born Robert Peter Williams; November 30, 1927 -- October 24, 2017) was an American actor, known for his role as Isaac Jaffe on Sports Night and as Benson on the TV series Soap and the spin - off Benson, as well as for voicing the mandrill Rafiki in The Lion King. In a career that spanned more than 50 years he worked extensively on stage, television and film. For his efforts he was nominated for a Tony Award for his portrayal of Nathan Detroit in Guys and Dolls, and twice won an Emmy Award for his portrayal of the character Benson DuBois, once in 1979 on Soap and in 1985 on Benson. He also won a Grammy Award in 1995 for his spoken word performance of an audiobook version of The Lion King.
GNOME was started on August 15 1997 by Miguel de Icaza and Federico Mena as a free software project to develop a desktop environment and applications for it. It was founded in part because K Desktop Environment, which was growing in popularity, relied on the Qt widget toolkit which used a proprietary software license until version 2.0 (June 1999). In place of Qt, GTK (GIMP Toolkit) was chosen as the base of GNOME. GTK uses the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), a free software license that allows software linking to it to use a much wider set of licenses, including proprietary software licenses. GNOME itself is licensed under the LGPL for its libraries, and the GNU General Public License (GPL) for its applications.
Chris Stillwell (born June 4, 1966, Seattle, Washington, United States) is the American bassist for the band The Greyboy Allstars.
Michaela Suzanne Watkins (born December 14, 1971) is an American actress and comedian. She is best known for starring on the Hulu series "Casual" and on the short-lived ABC sitcom "Trophy Wife", as well as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 2008 to 2009. She has also recurred on television series such as "The New Adventures of Old Christine", "Enlightened" and "Transparent", and has had appearances in the films "The Back-up Plan" (2010), "Wanderlust" (2012) and "Enough Said" (2013).
Men's Singles 2017 Australian Open Champion Roger Federer Runner - up Rafael Nadal Final score 6 -- 4, 3 -- 6, 6 -- 1, 3 -- 6, 6 -- 3 Details Draw 128 (16 Q / 8 WC) Seeds 32 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends men women mixed WC Singles men women quad WC Doubles men women quad ← 2016 Australian Open 2018 →
Roy of Hollywood (real name Roy Tuckman) has produced, engineered and hosted the "Something's Happening" show on Pacifica Radio station KPFK-FM in Los Angeles since 1977. His show runs from 12 midnight to 6:00 a.m., Monday night/Tuesday mornings through Thursday night/Friday mornings. Monday is "environment/anything goes" night. Tuesday is "health/alternative medicine" night, mainly featuring Gary Null. Wednesday is politics night. Thursday is "spirituality/mysticism" night, often featuring Alan Watts, Jack Gariss, Colin Wilson, and J. Krishnamurti.
Sno*Drift is a rally racing event held in Montmorency County, Michigan, annually, with headquarters in Atlanta, Michigan. The event is currently the first Rally America National Rally Championship event of the season. Currently the event is organized into three distinct rallies: the national championship event covering both days of rallying, and two regional rally events each covering one of the two days. Competitors may be entered in any or all of these events simultaneously.
The Dance is the fifth studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz. It was released by Capitol Records on September 28, 1999. The album peaked at number 2 on Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart. The album has been sold more than 500,000 copies and was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).
Johannes Tauler OP (c. 1300 – 16 June 1361) was a German mystic, a Catholic preacher and a theologian. A disciple of Meister Eckhart, he belonged to the Dominican order. Tauler was known as one of the most important Rhineland mystics. He promoted a certain neo-platonist dimension in the Dominican spirituality of his time.
Melville Jean Herskovits (September 10, 1895 – February 25, 1963) was an American anthropologist who helped establish African and African-American studies in American academia. He is known for exploring the cultural continuity from African cultures as expressed in African-American communities. He worked with his wife Frances (Shapiro) Herskovits, also an anthropologist, in the field in South America, the Caribbean and Africa. They jointly wrote several books and monographs together.
Buck Meadows (formerly, Hamilton's and Hamilton's Station) is a census-designated place in Mariposa County, California. It is located east-northeast of Smith Peak, at an elevation of 3015 feet (919 m). The population was 31 at the 2010 census.
A new index was released on December 18, 2008. This so-called "statistical update" covered the period up to 2006 and was published without an accompanying Human Development Report. The update is relevant due to newly released estimates of purchasing power parities (PPP), implying substantial adjustments for many countries, resulting in changes in HDI values and, in many cases, HDI ranks.
The Feather Lakes are a chain of four small alpine glacial lakes in Boise County, Idaho, United States, located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lakes are located on Goat Creek which is a tributary of the South Fork Payette River. There are no trails leading to the lakes or the Goat Creek drainage.
The Thompson submachine gun is an American submachine gun invented by John T. Thompson in 1918 which became infamous during the Prohibition era, being a signature weapon of various crime syndicates in the United States. It was a common sight in the media of the time, being used by both law enforcement officers and criminals. The Thompson submachine gun was also known informally as the "Tommy Gun", "Tôm Sông", "Annihilator", "Chicago Typewriter", "Chicago Submachine", "Chicago Piano", "Chicago Style", "Chicago Organ Grinder", "Trench Broom", "Trench Sweeper", "Drum Gun","The Chopper", and simply "The Thompson".
Eighteen Years Old (Osmnáctiletá) is a 1939 Czechoslovak drama film, directed by Miroslav Cikán. It stars Hana Vítová, Bolek Prchal, and Ladislav Bohác.
Israel has two official languages, Hebrew and Arabic. Hebrew is the primary language of the state and is spoken everyday by the majority of the population, and Arabic is spoken by the Arab minority and Hebrew is taught in Arab schools. English was an official language during the Mandate period; it lost this status after the creation of Israel, but retains a role comparable to that of an official language, as may be seen in road signs and official documents. Many Israelis communicate reasonably well in English, as many television programs are broadcast in English with subtitles and the language is taught from the early grades in elementary school. In addition, Israeli universities offer courses in the English language on various subjects. As a country of immigrants, many languages can be heard on the streets. Due to mass immigration from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia (some 130,000 Ethiopian Jews live in Israel), Russian and Amharic are widely spoken. More than one million Russian-speaking immigrants arrived in Israel from the former Soviet Union states between 1990 and 2004. French is spoken by around 700,000 Israelis, mostly originating from France and North Africa (see Maghrebi Jews).
Pre-dreadnoughts carried guns of several different calibres, for different roles in ship-to-ship combat. The main armament was four heavy guns, mounted in two centre-line turrets fore and aft. Very few pre-dreadnoughts deviated from this arrangement. These guns were slow-firing, and initially of limited accuracy; but they were the only guns heavy enough to penetrate the thick armour which protected the engines, magazines, and main guns of enemy battleships.The most common calibre for the main armament was 12-inch (305 mm), although some ships used smaller guns because they could attain higher rates of fire; British battleships from the Majestic class onwards carried this calibre, as did French ships from the Charlemagne class (laid down in 1894). Japan, importing most of its guns from Britain, used 12-inch guns. The United States used both 12-inch (305 mm) and 13-inch (330 mm) guns for most of the 1890s until the Maine class (not to be confused with the earlier Maine of Spanish–American War notoriety), laid down in 1899, after which the 12-inch gun was universal. The Russians used both 12 and 10-inch (254 mm) as their main armament; the Petropavlovsk class, Retvizan, Tsesarevich, and Borodino class had 12-inch (305 mm) main batteries while the Peresvet class  mounted 10-inch (254 mm) guns. The first German pre-dreadnought class used an 11-inch (279 mm) gun but decreased to a 9.4-inch (239 mm) gun for the two following classes and returned to 11-inch guns with the Braunschweig class.
Hawass was born in a small village near Damietta, Egypt. Although he originally dreamed of becoming an attorney, he obtained a bachelor of arts degree in Greek and Roman Archaeology from Alexandria University in Alexandria, Egypt in 1967.  In 1979, Hawass earned a diploma in Egyptology from Cairo University.  Hawass then worked at the Great Pyramids as an inspector—a combination of administrator and archaeologist.  When he was 33 years old, Hawass was awarded a Fulbright Fellowship to attend the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia to study Egyptology, earning a master of arts degree in Egyptology and Syro-Palestinian Archaeology in 1983, and his PhD in Egyptology in 1987 from the Graduate Group in the Art and Archaeology of the Mediterranean World (AAMW), concentrating on "The Funerary Establishments of Khufu, Khafra and Menkaura During the Old Kingdom."
The Carroll Lee Cropper Bridge is a continuous steel arch-shaped truss bridge over the Ohio River between Indiana and Kentucky. Built in 1977, the four-lane arched truss span provides a western Ohio River crossing for the Interstate 275 beltway around the Cincinnati area. The section of Interstate 275 on the Cropper bridge is the only Interstate highway in the Cincinnati, Ohio area that goes between Indiana and Kentucky. The bridge is the only highway bridge crossing for west of the Cincinnati downtown area. The Markland Locks and Dam, which carries Indiana State Road 101 and Kentucky Route 1039, is south and west of the Cropper Bridge.
The response to the State of the Union address is a rebuttal speech, often brief, delivered by a representative (or representatives) of the opposition party following a presidential State of the Union address. When the president is a Democrat, the rebuttal is given by a Republican, and vice versa.
Ban Pakpo, also Pak Pok or Pakpo, is a village in Vientiane Province, Laos. It is located north along Route 13 from Vang Vieng, not far from the eastern bank of the Nam Song River. To the northwest of the village is the Tham Pha Thao cave and the Tham Sang Triangle of four caves.
Association football in itself does not have a classical history. Notwithstanding any similarities to other ball games played around the world FIFA have recognised that no historical connection exists with any game played in antiquity outside Europe. The modern rules of association football are based on the mid-19th century efforts to standardise the widely varying forms of football played in the public schools of England. The history of football in England dates back to at least the eighth century AD.
Élisabeth Jacquet de La Guerre (full name Élisabeth-Claude Jacquet de la Guerre; born Élisabeth Jacquet, 17 March 1665, Paris – 27 June 1729, Paris) was a French musician, harpsichordist and composer.
As of November 2008, there is only one person on death row facing capital punishment who has not been convicted of murder. Demarcus Sears remains under a death sentence in Georgia for the crime of "kidnapping with bodily injury." Sears was convicted in 1986 for the kidnapping and bodily injury of victim Gloria Ann Wilbur. Wilbur was kidnapped and beaten in Georgia, raped in Tennessee, and murdered in Kentucky. Sears was never charged with the murder of Wilbur in Kentucky, but was sentenced to death by a jury in Georgia for "kidnapping with bodily injury."
Laura Denvir Stith (born October 30, 1953) has been a judge on the Supreme Court of Missouri since 2001. She was elected by her fellow Supreme Court justices to serve a two-year term as Chief Justice, from July 1, 2007, to June 30, 2009, becoming the second woman to serve as Missouri's highest-ranking jurist.
Originally, it was to be hosted by Brazil, as suggested by the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) in February 2011 due to CONMEBOL's rotation policy of tournaments being held in alphabetical order. However, due to the organization of the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup, 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics in that country, Brazil decided against also hosting the Copa América. CONMEBOL’s president Nicolas Leoz had mentioned the possibility of the tournament being organized in Mexico (despite this country not being a member of CONMEBOL) as part of the federation's centenary celebrations. Brazil and Chile's Football Federations discussed the idea of swapping around the order of being hosts of the 2015 and 2019 tournaments. The swap was made official in May 2012.
Calcutta (now Kolkata) was the capital of India during the British Raj until December 1911. Calcutta had become the epicenter of the nationalist movements since the late nineteenth century led to the Partition of Bengal by then Viceroy of British India Lord Curzon. This created massive political and religious upsurge including political assassinations of British officials in Calcutta. The anti-colonial sentiments amongst public leading to complete boycott of British goods forced the colonial government to reunite the Bengal partition and immediate shift of the capital to New Delhi.
Lubigi is a swampy wetland on the northern and western outskirts of Kampala, the capital and largest city of Uganda.
Viceroy and Governor - General of India Standard of the Governor - General Louis Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India & the first Governor - General during the dominion period Style His Excellency Residence Viceroy's House Appointer East India Company (to 1858) Emperor of India (from 1858) Formation 20 October 1774 First holder Warren Hastings Final holder Chakravarthi Rajagopalachari Abolished 26 January 1950
Trowulan is an archaeological site in Trowulan Subdistrict, Mojokerto Regency, in the Indonesian province of East Java. It includes approximately 100 square kilometres and has been theorized to be the site of the eponymous capital city of the Majapahit Empire, which is described by Mpu Prapanca in the 14th-century poem Nagarakretagama and in a 15th-century Chinese source. When it was the capital of the Majapahit Empire, the city was known as Wilwatikta, which is a name also synonymous with the empire's name. It was razed during the invasion of Girindrawardhana to defeat Kertabhumi in 1478. After this event Majapahit's capital was moved to Daha (Kediri). The Trowulan Museum includes a collection of artifacts.
The film stars Rosalind Russell, Jack Hawkins, Richard Beymer, Maximilian Schell, and Annette Gorman, with an early screen appearance from Lana Wood, the sister of Natalie Wood.
Tucson (/ˈtuːsɒn/ /tuːˈsɒn/) is a city and the county seat of Pima County, Arizona, United States, and home to the University of Arizona. The 2010 United States Census put the population at 520,116, while the 2013 estimated population of the entire Tucson metropolitan statistical area (MSA) was 996,544. The Tucson MSA forms part of the larger Tucson-Nogales combined statistical area (CSA), with a total population of 980,263 as of the 2010 Census. Tucson is the second-largest populated city in Arizona behind Phoenix, both of which anchor the Arizona Sun Corridor. The city is  located 108 miles (174 km) southeast of Phoenix and 60 mi (97 km) north of the U.S.-Mexico border. Tucson is the 33rd largest city and the 59th largest metropolitan area in the United States. Roughly 150 Tucson companies are involved in the design and manufacture of optics and optoelectronics systems, earning Tucson the nickname Optics Valley.
Thomas John Ellis (born 17 November 1978) is a Welsh actor. He is known for playing the title character Lucifer in Fox's Lucifer and as Gary Preston in Miranda.
Andrew Edward McKeever DSO, MC & Bar, DFC (21 August 1894 – 25 December 1919) was a Canadian World War I two-seater flying ace who, in conjunction with his gunners, was credited with 31 victories. He was the highest scoring pilot on Bristol F.2 Fighter.
City of Vero Beach, Florida City Nickname (s): Hibiscus City Motto (s): Where the Tropics Begin Location in Indian River County and the state of Florida Vero Beach Location in the United States Vero Beach Vero Beach (the US) Show map of Florida Show map of the US Show all Coordinates: 27 ° 39 ′ N 80 ° 23 ′ W ﻿ / ﻿ 27.650 ° N 80.383 ° W ﻿ / 27.650; - 80.383 Coordinates: 27 ° 39 ′ N 80 ° 23 ′ W ﻿ / ﻿ 27.650 ° N 80.383 ° W ﻿ / 27.650; - 80.383 Country United States State Florida County Indian River Settled 1870 Incorporated (Vero) 1919 Incorporated (Vero Beach) 1925 Government Type Commission - Manager Area City 13.34 sq mi (34.56 km) Land 11.44 sq mi (29.63 km) Water 1.91 sq mi (4.93 km) 14.31% Elevation 13 ft (4 m) Population (2010) City 15,220 Estimate (2016) 16,751 Density 1,464.38 / sq mi (565.42 / km) Metro 130,100 Census Bureau Time zone Eastern (EST) (UTC - 5) Summer (DST) EDT (UTC - 4) ZIP codes 32960 thru 32969 Area code (s) 772 FIPS code 12 - 74150 GNIS feature ID 0292760 Website http://www.covb.org
Biłgoraj County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland. It was established on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Biłgoraj, which lies south of the regional capital Lublin. The county contains three other towns: Tarnogród, lying south of Biłgoraj, Józefów, lying east of Biłgoraj, and Frampol, north of Biłgoraj.
Havre de Grace High School (HDGHS or HHS) is a four-year public high school in Havre de Grace in Harford County, Maryland, United States. The school is located near the northeast corner of Harford County where the Susquehanna River meets the Chesapeake Bay. The school motto is "Enter to Learn — Leave to Serve."
Nicholas Eftimiades is an American government official, author, and educator best known for his work "Chinese Intelligence Operations" (1994). He currently resides in the Tokyo area.
Zimbabwe participated for the first time at the Olympic Games under its current name in 1980, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then. Previously, it competed at the Games under the name Rhodesia in 1928, 1960 and 1964. The 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi marked Zimbabwe's first participation at the Winter Olympic Games, with Oskar Hauser, the Austrian born Zimbabwean, participating in the biathlon.
Coordinates: 47 ° 00 ′ 01 ''N 109 ° 45 ′ 04'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 47.00028 ° N 109.75111 ° W ﻿ / 47.00028; - 109.75111 ﻿ (State of Montana) Area code 406 is the telephone area code covering the entire state of Montana. It has been Montana's area code since area codes were created in 1947.
Born on a New Hampshire farm, Shedd arrived in Chicago, Illinois in 1871 and began working as a stock clerk for Marshall Field. By 1901, he had worked his way up to a vice-presidency and took over as president upon Field's death in 1906. Field himself described Shedd as "the greatest merchant in the United States," and, indeed, under Shedd's presidency Marshall Field & Company became the largest store in Chicago and the largest wholesale and dry goods company in the world.
The Real Housewives of New York City (abbreviated RHONY) is an American reality television series that premiered on March 4, 2008 on Bravo. Developed as the second installment of The Real Housewives franchise, following The Real Housewives of Orange County, it is currently in its ninth season and focuses on the personal and professional lives of several women residing in New York City.
On 14 October 1947, just under a month after the United States Air Force had been created as a separate service, the tests culminated in the first manned supersonic flight, piloted by Air Force Captain Charles ``Chuck ''Yeager in aircraft # 46 - 062, which he had christened Glamorous Glennis. The rocket - powered aircraft was launched from the bomb bay of a specially modified B - 29 and glided to a landing on a runway. XS - 1 flight number 50 is the first one where the X-1 recorded supersonic flight, at Mach 1.06 (361 m / s, 1,299 km / h, 807.2 mph) peak speed; however, Yeager and many other personnel believe Flight # 49 (also with Yeager piloting), which reached a top recorded speed of Mach 0.997 (339 m / s, 1,221 km / h), may have, in fact, exceeded Mach 1. (The measurements were not accurate to three significant figures and no sonic boom was recorded for that flight.)
Hirox (ハイロックス) is a lens company in Tokyo, Japan that created the first digital microscope in 1985. This company is now known as Hirox Co Ltd. Hirox's main industry is digital microscopes, but still makes the lenses for a variety of items including rangefinders.
Founded in 1670 as Charles Town in honor of King Charles II of England, Charleston adopted its present name in 1783. It moved to its present location on Oyster Point in 1680 from a location on the west bank of the Ashley River known as Albemarle Point. By 1690, Charles Town was the fifth-largest city in North America, and it remained among the 10 largest cities in the United States through the 1840 census. With a 2010 census population of 120,083  (and a 2014 estimate of 130,113), current trends put Charleston as the fastest-growing municipality in South Carolina. The population of the Charleston metropolitan area, comprising Berkeley, Charleston, and Dorchester Counties, was counted by the 2014 estimate at 727,689 – the third-largest in the state – and the 78th-largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States.
With the commercial success of thrillers such as "Baazi", "Jaal", "Aar Paar" and "CID", as well as comedies such as "Mr. & Mrs. '55", Guru Dutt and his studio were financially secure and established. From 1957, he could now make movies he really wanted to make, including "Pyaasa". In 2002, "Pyaasa" was ranked at No. 160 on the "Sight & Sound" critics' and directors' poll of all-time greatest films. In 2005, "Pyaasa" was rated as one of the 100 best films of all time by "Time" magazine, which called it "the soulfully romantic of the lot." "Indiatimes Movies" ranks the movie amongst the "Top 25 Must See Bollywood Films". On the occasion of Valentine's Day 2011 "Time" magazine declared it one of the top 10 romantic movies of all time.
Werner Erhard and Associates, also known as WE&A or as WEA, operated as a commercial entity from February 1981 until early 1991. It replaced Erhard Seminars Training, Inc. as the vehicle for delivering the "est" training, and offered what some people refer to as personal and professional development programs. Initially WE&A marketed and staged the "est" training (in the form of the "est" seminars and workshops), but in 1984 the est Training was replaced by a more modern, briefer, rigorous and philosophical program based on Werner Erhard's teachings called "The Forum".
Vestas Wind Systems A/S is a Danish manufacturer, seller, installer, and servicer of wind turbines founded in 1945. The company operates manufacturing plants in Denmark, Germany, India, Italy, Romania, the United Kingdom, Spain, Sweden, Norway, Australia, China, and the United States, and employs more than 24,400 people globally.As of 2013, it is the largest wind turbine company in the world.
Michael Gerald Ford (born March 14, 1950) is the oldest of four children of U.S. President Gerald R. Ford and Betty Ford. Prior to his birth, Ford's mother wanted to name him after his father. However, Ford's father had always disliked being called "Junior" and he refused to "inflict the nickname on any son." The Fords settled on his name as a compromise.
His opponents learned from Napoleon's innovations. The increased importance of artillery after 1807 stemmed from his creation of a highly mobile artillery force, the growth in artillery numbers, and changes in artillery practices. As a result of these factors, Napoleon, rather than relying on infantry to wear away the enemy's defenses, now could use massed artillery as a spearhead to pound a break in the enemy's line that was then exploited by supporting infantry and cavalry. McConachy rejects the alternative theory that growing reliance on artillery by the French army beginning in 1807 was an outgrowth of the declining quality of the French infantry and, later, France's inferiority in cavalry numbers. Weapons and other kinds of military technology remained largely static through the Revolutionary and Napoleonic eras, but 18th-century operational mobility underwent significant change.
Luxton was a founder of the Winnipeg Humane Society. He served as chairman of the Winnipeg School Board from 1885-87.
``My Country, 'Tis of Thee '', also known as`` America'', is an American patriotic song, whose lyrics were written by Samuel Francis Smith. The melody used is the same as that of the national anthem of the United Kingdom, ``God Save the Queen '', arranged by Thomas Arne. The song served as one of the de facto national anthems of the United States (along with songs like`` Hail, Columbia'') before the adoption of ``The Star - Spangled Banner ''as the official U.S. national anthem in 1931.
The New York Giants Radio Network is a broadcast radio network based in New York City, the official radio broadcaster of the New York Giants. The network's radio broadcasts are currently flagshipped at WFAN, a station owned by CBS Radio. Overflow radio casts air on WCBS, WFAN's corporate sibling
Why Has Bodhi-Dharma Left for the East? (달마가 동쪽으로 간 까닭은? - "Dalmaga dongjjok-euro gan ggadakeun?") (1989) is an award-winning South Korean film written, produced and directed by Bae Yong-kyun, a professor at Dongguk University in Seoul. Known principally as a painter, Bae spent seven years making this film with one camera and editing it by hand. The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1989 Cannes Film Festival.
Lisenbee was born on September 23, 1898, in Clarksville, Tennessee, to John M. Lisenbee and Sarah Adiline Lisenbee, both of Clarksville, the second of six children. He attended Southwestern Presbyterian University, now Austin Peay State University in Clarksville, Tennessee, and he was married to Ms. Carrie West, a nurse graduate student. Together they had two daughters.
"Radar" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her fifth studio album, "Blackout" (2007). It was written and produced by Bloodshy & Avant and The Clutch, with additional writing from Henrik Jonback, as a record that did not relate to any of her personal problems at the time. The recording sessions took place the day after Spears filed for divorce from Kevin Federline, and members of The Clutch claimed to be surprised by her work ethic. "Radar" was originally planned to be released as the third single from "Blackout", but "Break the Ice" was chosen instead. The song was then planned as the fourth single, but the release was cancelled as Spears began recording her sixth studio album, "Circus" (2008). "Radar" was later included as a bonus track on "Circus", and released as the fourth and final single from the album on June 22, 2009 by Jive Records.
Windows Server 2016 is a server operating system developed by Microsoft as part of the Windows NT family of operating systems, developed concurrently with Windows 10. The first early preview version (Technical Preview) became available on 1 October 2014 together with the first technical preview of System Center. Windows Server 2016 was released on 26 September 2016 at Microsoft's Ignite conference and became generally available on 12 October 2016.
John Rudometkin (June 6, 1940 – August 4, 2015) was an American professional basketball player, formerly of the New York Knicks and San Francisco Warriors in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was selected in the second round as the 11th pick in the 1962 NBA draft by the Knicks and spent three seasons playing in the league. Rudometkin was nicknamed "the Reckless Russian" by Chick Hearn, the Los Angeles Lakers broadcaster who used to broadcast USC men's basketball games before transitioning to the NBA.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman. It is the follow-up to 2013's Man of Steel and the second installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The film is directed by Zack Snyder, written by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter, and Gal Gadot. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is the first live-action film to feature Batman and Superman together, as well as the first live-action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman. In the film, criminal mastermind Lex Luthor manipulates Batman into a preemptive battle with Superman, whom Luthor is obsessed with.
The Tallebudgera Creek Dam, or colloquially Tally Dam, is a decommissioned embankment dam across the upper reaches of the Tallebudgera Creek, located in the South East region of Queensland, Australia. The initial purpose of the dam from its establishment until its decommissioning during the 1970s was for the supply of potable water to the Gold Coast region. There is no public access to the dam.
SGH Warsaw School of Economics (, "SGH") is the oldest business school in Poland. It is ranked first amongst Polish business schools in the "Perspektywy" ranking.
The 1988 Republican National Convention of the Republican Party of the United States was held in the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana from August 15 to August 18, 1988. It was the second time that a major party held its convention in one of the five states known as the Deep South, coming on the heels of the 1988 Democratic National Convention, which was held in Atlanta, Georgia. Much of the impetus for holding the convention in the Superdome came from the Louisiana Republican National Committeewoman Virginia Martinez of New Orleans, who lobbied on behalf of her adopted home city as the convention site as a member of the RNC Executive Committee.
Isabel Gillies (born February 9, 1970 in New York City, New York) is an American author and former actress. She played Elliot Stabler's wife, Kathy, in Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. Her memoir, ``Happens Every Day, ''was a New York Times bestseller, and her most recent book is the young adult novel Starry Night.
In May 2010, Biermann participated in Dancing Stars Of Atlanta charity event to raise money for Alzheimer's disease, where he met Kim Zolciak. Their meeting was later shown on season three of The Real Housewives of Atlanta. Their son, Kroy Jagger (KJ), was born on May 31, 2011. The couple wed at their Roswell, Georgia home on November 11, 2011. Zolciak became pregnant again and son Kash Kade was born on August 15, 2012. On November 25, 2013, their twins Kaia Rose and Kane Ren were born. In March 2013, Biermann filed to legally adopt Zolciak's daughters, Brielle and Ariana, from her previous relationships. When the adoption became final in July 2013, the girls changed their last names to Brielle and Ariana Biermann.
This is a list of dinosaurs whose remains have been recovered from North America. North America has a rich dinosaur fossil record with great diversity of dinosaurs.
Brooklyn College is a public college in Brooklyn, New York City. It is part of the City University of New York.
Sean Patrick Flanery (born October 11, 1965) is an American actor, author, and martial artist, known for playing Connor MacManus in The Boondock Saints, Greg Stillson in The Dead Zone, Jeremy ``Powder ''Reed in Powder, Indiana Jones in The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles, as well as Bobby Dagen in Saw: The Final Chapter. He is also known for his role as Sam Gibson on The Young and the Restless in 2011. He starred in Devil's Carnival, a short film which was screened on tour beginning in April, 2012. In 2016, he released his first novel, Jane Two, a coming - of - age story drawing inspiration from his own childhood and early experiences. It was released to generally positive acclaim.
Llanos (Chanos in Asturian) is one of 24 parishes (administrative divisions) in Lena, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in coastal northern Spain. The "parroquia" is in size, with a population of 32.
The subsequent Slave dynasty of Delhi managed to conquer large areas of northern India, while the Khilji dynasty conquered most of central India but were ultimately unsuccessful in conquering and uniting the subcontinent. The Sultanate ushered in a period of Indian cultural renaissance. The resulting "Indo-Muslim" fusion of cultures left lasting syncretic monuments in architecture, music, literature, religion, and clothing. It is surmised that the language of Urdu (literally meaning "horde" or "camp" in various Turkic dialects) was born during the Delhi Sultanate period as a result of the intermingling of the local speakers of Sanskritic Prakrits with immigrants speaking Persian, Turkic, and Arabic under the Muslim rulers. The Delhi Sultanate is the only Indo-Islamic empire to enthrone one of the few female rulers in India, Razia Sultana (1236–1240).
ABC World News Tonight (titled as ABC World News Tonight with David Muir for its weeknight broadcasts since September 2014 and simply ABC World News Tonight for its weekend broadcasts) is the flagship daily evening television news program of ABC News, the news division of the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) television network in the United States. Since 2014, the program's weekday broadcasts have been anchored by David Muir. Cecilia Vega and Tom Llamas rotated as anchors of the Saturday editions and Sunday editions until Llamas was named sole weekend anchor in January 2017.
Bobby Brown is a Western District uniformed officer. He was the first officer on scene at the shooting of William Gant. He was also at the Brandon Wright crime scene. Detective Jimmy McNulty later enlisted Brown to help watch the home of Wallace. In season 3 when Major Colvin institutes the Hamsterdam initiative Brown is one of the officers freed up to be assigned to investigate complaints rather than perform radio car patrols and he solves a church burglary case.
Alix Liddell was the daughter of Rose Kerr, a pioneer of Girl Guiding, and Admiral Mark Kerr, British Navy. Her great-grandfather was the 6th Marquess of Lothian. On 28 July 1937 she married Maurice Arthur Liddell, OBE (1905–1976) a nephew of Alice Liddell of Alice in Wonderland fame. They had two children: Virginia Sarah Alix Ashton (born 16 September 1941) and Judith Rose Jackson (born 2 October 1944)
Trojans is an extended play by Australian alternative rock band Atlas Genius. It was released as a 10" vinyl exclusively available in the United Kingdom on 25 February 2013. The vinyl is limited to 300 copies.
Al-Hamrat () is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate. It is situated in a plain along the western fringes of the Syrian Desert. Nearby localities include the subdistrict center of al-Riqama to the north, Shayrat to the northeast, Sadad to the south, Hisyah to the southwest and Jandar to the northwest. According to the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), al-Hamrat had a population of 1,624 in the 2004 census. It has Syria's only Spoonbill breeding colony.
In 2016, 162,742 people resided on Guam. Guam has an area of 210 square miles (540 km) and a population density of 775 per square mile (299 / km). Located in Oceania, it is the largest and southernmost of the Mariana Islands and the largest island in Micronesia. Among its municipalities, Mongmong - Toto - Maite has the highest population density at 3,691 per square mile (1,425 / km), whereas Inarajan and Umatac have the lowest density at 119 per square mile (46 / km). The highest point is Mount Lamlam at 1,332 feet (406 m) above sea level. Since the 1960s, the economy has been supported by two industries: tourism and the United States Armed Forces.
He wrote a history of the Diadochi and their descendants, encompassing the period from the death of Alexander to the war with Pyrrhus (323–272 BC), which is one of the chief authorities used by Diodorus Siculus (xviii.–xx.) and also by Plutarch in his life of Pyrrhus.
Daniel Richard Goddard (born 28 August 1971) is an Australian model and an actor. He is known for his starring role as Dar on the syndicated action drama BeastMaster, based on the 1982 film The Beastmaster, and for playing Cane Ashby on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless since 2007.
Shakespeare's plays cannot be precisely dated, but it is generally agreed that these comedies followed a series of tragedies including "Othello", "King Lear" and "Macbeth". Shakespeare wrote tragedies because they were successful at the box office, but he returned to comedy towards the end of his career, mixing it with tragic and mystical elements. Shakespeare's late romances were also influenced by the development of tragicomedy and the extreme elaboration of the courtly masque as staged by Ben Jonson and Inigo Jones. The subjects and style of these plays were also influenced by the preference of the monarch, by Shakespeare's ageing company and by their more upper class audiences.
Percy had a contract with two different NBA teams in the late 1990s: the Charlotte Hornets during the 1998 pre-season, and the Toronto Raptors in 1999 pre-season. However, Miller would n't play for either team after the conclusions of each pre-season. He also played in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) for the Fort Wayne Fury and the International Basketball League (1999 - 2001) for the San Diego Stingrays. In 2004, he played for the ABA's Las Vegas Rattlers and Long Beach Jam. He took part in the 2008 McDonald's NBA All - Star Celebrity Game and scored 17 points.
Khan Tuman () is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Mount Simeon District of Aleppo Governorate, located southwest of Aleppo. Nearby localities include Urum al-Kubrah, Urum al-Sughrah, al-Shaykh Ali and al-Zurbah. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics, Khan Tuman had a population of 2,781 in the 2004 census. The village is built on a hill located just east of the Queiq River. It is known for its historical "caravanserai" which dates back to 1189.
Cherin was a legendary king of the Britons as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth's "Historia Regum Britanniae". His father was King Porrex II and he was succeeded by his three sons in turn, Fulgenius, Edadus, and Andragius.
Edmund of Woodstock, 1st Earl of Kent (5 August 130119 March 1330) was the sixth son of Edward I of England, and a younger half-brother of Edward II. Edward I had intended to make substantial grants of land to Edmund, but when the king died in 1307, Edward II failed to follow through on his father's intentions, much due to his favouritism towards Piers Gaveston. Edmund still remained loyal to his brother, and in 1321 he was created Earl of Kent. He played an important part in Edward's administration, acting both as diplomat and military commander, and in 1321–22 helped suppress a rebellion against the King.
Governor's Bridge is a bridge and small neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, located to the east of Rosedale and Moore Park, and like them is one of the most expensive in Toronto. Unlike them it was part of the former city of East York. The neighbourhood is named for the Governor's Bridge that crosses the Moore Park Ravine from Douglas Crescent to Astley Avenue and connects the area to Rosedale. The bridge was built in 1923 and restored in 2000.
Monika von Habsburg ("née" Monika Maria Roberta Antonia Raphaela Habsburg-Lothringen), Duchess de Santangelo (born 13 September 1954, in Würzburg), the daughter of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen.
The program premiered on September 4, 1972, on CBS. Bob Barker was the series' longest - running host from its 1972 debut until his retirement in June 2007, when Drew Carey took over. Barker was accompanied by a series of announcers, beginning with Johnny Olson, followed by Rod Roddy and then Rich Fields. In April 2011, George Gray became the announcer. The show has used several models, most notably Anitra Ford, Janice Pennington, Dian Parkinson, Holly Hallstrom and Kathleen Bradley. While retaining some elements of the original version of the show, the 1972 version has added many new distinctive gameplay elements.
Robert Carl Galambos (April 20, 1914 – June 18, 2010) was an American neuroscientist whose pioneering research demonstrated how bats use echolocation for navigation purposes, as well as studies on how sound is processed in the brain.
Arturo Tappin is a smooth jazz and jazz/reggae saxophonist from Barbados. He has performed with Roberta Flack, Monty Alexander, and on an album by Luther Vandross.
The King Olav V's Prize for Cancer Research is a research award given annually by the Norwegian Cancer Society to a researcher who has distinguished himself through his scientific contributions to Norwegian cancer research. It was established in 1992.
The three - part structure of the work approximates to that of Handel's three - act operas, with the ``parts ''subdivided by Jennens into`` scenes''. Each scene is a collection of individual numbers or ``movements ''which take the form of recitatives, arias and choruses. There are two instrumental numbers, the opening Sinfony in the style of a French overture, and the pastoral Pifa, often called the`` pastoral symphony'', at the mid-point of Part I.
Other legendary home run hitters include Jimmie Foxx, Mel Ott, Ted Williams, Mickey Mantle (who on September 10, 1960, mythically hit ``the longest home run ever ''at an estimated distance of 643 feet (196 m), although this was measured after the ball stopped rolling), Reggie Jackson, Harmon Killebrew, Ernie Banks, Mike Schmidt, Dave Kingman, Sammy Sosa (who hit 60 or more home runs in a season 3 times), Ken Griffey, Jr. and Eddie Mathews. In 1987, Joey Meyer of the Denver Zephyrs hit the longest verifiable home run in professional baseball history. The home run was measured at a distance of 582 feet (177 m) and was hit inside Denver's Mile High Stadium. Major League Baseball's longest verifiable home run distance is about 575 feet (175 m), by Babe Ruth, to straightaway center field at Tiger Stadium (then called Navin Field and before the double - deck), which landed nearly across the intersection of Trumbull and Cherry.
Two United States Supreme Court decisions -- Plessy v. Ferguson, 163 U.S. 537 (1896), which upheld ``separate but equal ''racial segregation as constitutional doctrine, and Brown v. Board of Education, 347 U.S. 483 (1954) which overturned Plessy -- serve as milestones. This was an era of new beginnings, in which some movements, such as Marcus Garvey's Universal Negro Improvement Association, were very successful but left little lasting legacy, while others, such as the NAACP's painstaking legal assault on state - sponsored segregation, achieved modest results in its early years but made steady progress on voter rights and gradually built to a key victory in Brown v. Board of Education (1954).
CBC Television stations can be received in many United States communities along the Canadian border over-the-air and have a significant audience in those areas. Such a phenomenon can also take place within Great Lakes communities such as Ashtabula, Ohio, which received programming from the CBC's London, Ontario, transmitter, based upon prevailing atmospheric conditions over Lake Erie. As of September 2010 CBC shut down its analogue transmitter and decided not to replace it with a digital transmitter. As a result, there is now a giant hole in the coverage of CBC in South-Western Ontario. Both CBC - Toronto and CBC - Windsor are both over 100 miles from London, ON and out of range for even the largest antennas[citation needed].
For the United States, Article One, Section Eight of the Constitution says ``Congress shall have power to... declare War ''. However, that passage provides no specific format for what form legislation must have in order to be considered a`` declaration of war'' nor does the Constitution itself use this term. In the courts, the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit, in Doe v. Bush, said: ``(T) he text of the October Resolution itself spells out justifications for a war and frames itself as an 'authorization' of such a war. ''in effect saying an authorization suffices for declaration and what some may view as a formal Congressional`` Declaration of War'' was not required by the Constitution.
NPO Radio 1 is a public-service radio channel in the Netherlands, broadcasting mainly news and sport. It is part of the Netherlands Public Broadcasting system, NPO. It can be compared with BBC Radio 5 Live.
Windows XP is a personal computer operating system produced by Microsoft as part of the Windows NT family of operating systems. It was released to manufacturing on August 24, 2001, and broadly released for retail sale on October 25, 2001.
"Marooned off Vesta" is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov. It was the third story he wrote, and the first to be published. Written in July 1938 when Asimov was 18, it was rejected by "Astounding Science Fiction" in August, then accepted in October by "Amazing Stories", appearing in the March 1939 issue. Asimov first included it in his 1968 story collection "Asimov's Mysteries", and subsequently in the 1973 collection "The Best of Isaac Asimov".
The National Basketball Association's deadline falls on the 16th Thursday of the season (usually in mid-February) at 3pm Eastern Time. The deadline for the 2011 - 12 season was on March 15, 2012 due to the 2011 - 12 NBA lockout. In the NBA, post-deadline trades are forbidden, although teams are allowed to sign free agents and call up players from the G - League until the end of the regular season.
Herbert Noel Hollingdale (1911 - 2000) was a former rugby league footballer who played in the New South Wales Rugby League competition.
The home field curse affects the host team of the Super Bowl. So far no team has yet managed to reach the Super Bowl in their home stadium. Four teams with Super Bowls in their home venue have qualified for the divisional playoffs: the 1994 Miami Dolphins, the 1998 Miami Dolphins, the 2016 Houston Texans, and the 2017 Minnesota Vikings, the Vikings being the first to qualify for their conference's title game. From 1966 -- 2011 (excluding the six Super Bowl games held in a stadium without a professional team), the Super Bowl host team has had 11 winning seasons, four split seasons, and 25 losing seasons. Mathematically, the probability of that many losing seasons or more occurring by chance (assuming a 50 percent chance of having a losing season (disregarding. 500 seasons)) is 7.69 percent. It should be noted, however, that the Super Bowl host stadium is selected several years before the game is played, without regard to the teams that qualify.
In the late 14th century, the Songhai gradually gained independence from the Mali Empire and expanded, ultimately subsuming the entire eastern portion of the Mali Empire. The Songhai Empire's eventual collapse was largely the result of a Moroccan invasion in 1591, under the command of Judar Pasha. The fall of the Songhai Empire marked the end of the region's role as a trading crossroads. Following the establishment of sea routes by the European powers, the trans-Saharan trade routes lost significance.
Cash Cab Title card for both Canadian and U.S. versions Genre Game show Created by Adam Wood Presented by Ben Bailey (New York version) Beth Melewski (Chicago version) Country of origin United States Original language (s) English No. of seasons 6 Production Producer (s) Lion Television Running time 24 -- 26 minutes Release Original network Discovery Channel Original release December 5, 2005 (2005 - 12 - 05) -- April 18, 2012 (2012 - 04 - 18) Chronology Related shows Cash Cab External links Official website dsc.discovery.com/fansites/cashcab/cashcab.html
André Duchesne (; sometimes spelled "Du Chesne", Latinized "Andreas Chesneus", "Andreas Quercetanus", or "Andreas Querneus"; May 1584May 30, 1640) was a French geographer and historian, generally styled the father of French history.
Statiras Records is a sub-label of Progressive Records which Progressive founder Gus Statiras launched in the 1980s that recorded jazz musical artists for release on LP and CD.
"Pilot" (also known as "Love and Marriage") is the first episode of "Will & Grace"'s first season. It was written by David Kohan and Max Mutchnick, and directed by James Burrows. It originally aired on the National Broadcasting Company (NBC) in the United States on September 21, 1998. In the episode, Grace Adler receives an unexpected marriage proposal from her boyfriend. Her gay best friend Will Truman tries to support her, but finally tells her that she is making a big mistake, even though he risks losing their friendship. The situation gets complicated when Grace's socialite assistant, Karen Walker, and Will's flamboyantly gay friend, Jack McFarland, interfere.
Ornament Records is a German record label set up in 1972 by Siegfried A. "Ziggy" Christmann. It initially specialised in issuing live recordings of blues artists who were touring Germany. Soon the label started releasing jazz and German (especially Moselle Franconian) folk music as well.
Roosevelt was angered by the Colombians' actions, especially when the Colombian Senate made a counteroffer that was more financially advantageous to Colombia. A Frenchman who had worked on his nation's canal efforts, Philippe Bunau - Varilla, represented Panamanian insurgents; he met with Roosevelt and with Secretary of State John Hay, who saw to it that his principals received covert support. When the revolution came in November 1903, the United States intervened to protect the rebels, who succeeded in taking over the province, declaring it independent as the Republic of Panama. Bunau - Varilla was initially the Panamanian representative in the United States, though he was about to be displaced by actual Panamanians, and hastily negotiated a treaty, giving the United States a zone 20 miles (32 km) wide and full authority to pass laws to govern that zone. The Panama Canal Zone (Canal Zone, or Zone) excluded Panama City and Colón, but included four offshore islands, and permitted the United States to add to the zone any additional lands needed to carry on canal operations. The Panamanians were minded to disavow the treaty, but Bunau - Varilla told the new government that if Panama did not agree, the United States would withdraw its protection and make the best terms it could with Colombia. The Panamanians agreed, even adding a provision to the new constitution, at US request, allowing the larger nation to intervene to preserve public order.
Capital punishment in New Zealand first appeared in a codified form when it became a British territory in 1840, and was first employed in 1842. It was last used in 1957, abolished for murder in 1961, and abolished altogether, including for treason, in 1989. During the period that it was in effect, 85 people were executed.
Each state may determine the extent to which the use of a jury is used. The use of a jury is optional for civil trials in any Australian state. The use of a jury in criminal trials is generally by unanimous verdict of 12 lay members of the public. Some States provide exceptions such as majority (11 - to - 1 or 10 - to - 2) verdicts where a jury can not otherwise reach a verdict. Sometimes a state law may allow an accused person to elect to use a judge - only trial rather than the default jury provision.
The Arabian Sea is a region of the northern Indian Ocean bounded on the northeast and east by the Indian Peninsula on the west by Somalia and the Arabian Peninsula, on the north by Pakistan and Iran and on the South by the Maldives. Historically the sea has been known by other names including the Erythraean Sea and the Persian Sea. Its total area is 3,862,000 km (1,491,000 sq mi) and its maximum depth is 4,652 metres (15,262 ft). The Gulf of Aden is in the southwest, connecting the Arabian Sea to the Red Sea through the strait of Bab - el - Mandeb, and the Gulf of Oman is in the northwest, connecting it to the Persian Gulf.
Lawrence Amos McLouth, A.B., LL.D. (1863–1927) was an American Germanic scholar, born at Ontonagon, Michigan He graduated from the University of Michigan in 1887, as a member of the Zeta Psi fraternity. He served as principal of the Danville, Illinois High School for three years, then proceeded to Europe for additional training, studying for two years at Leipzig, Heidelberg, and Munich. He returned to the University of Michigan as instructor in German. In 1895 he became professor of Germanic languages and literatures at New York University. He edited Huldrych Zwingli's sermons (1902) and some of the novels of Friedrich Gerstäcker (1904) and Paul Johann Ludwig von Heyse (1910). He published "The Teaching of Foreign Literature" (1903) and "Verses" (1910).
Pitkyaranta (; ; ) is a town and the administrative center of Pitkyarantsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia, located on the northeastern coast of Lake Ladoga. Population:
The Strike of the 100,000 () was an 8-day strike in German-occupied Belgium which took place from 10–18 May 1941. It was led by Julien Lahaut, head of the Belgian Communist Party ("Parti Communiste de Belgique" or PCB), even though the Nazi—Soviet Pact was still in force. The object of the strike was to demand a wage increase though it was also an act of passive resistance to the German occupation.
In October 2014, Marvel announced a two - part sequel to Avengers: Age of Ultron, titled Avengers: Infinity War. Part 1 was scheduled to be released on May 4, 2018, with Part 2 scheduled for May 3, 2019. In April 2015, Marvel announced that Anthony and Joe Russo would direct both parts of Avengers: Infinity War, with back - to - back filming expected to begin in 2016. The same month, Kevin Feige said that the Infinity War films would be two distinct films ``because they (have) such shared elements, it felt appropriate... to (subtitle the films) like that. But I would n't call it one story that's cut in half. I would say it's going to be two distinct movies. ''By May 2015, Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely had signed on to write the screenplays for both parts of the film, which draws inspiration from Jim Starlin's 1991`` The Infinity Gauntlet'' comic and Jonathan Hickman's 2013 ``Infinity ''comic. Anthony Russo added the film was inspired by 1990s heist films, with Thanos`` on a smash - and - grab (to acquire the Infinity Stones), and everybody's trying to catch up the whole movie''. In May 2016, the Russos revealed that they would retitle the two films, to further remove the misconception that they were one large film split in two, with Joe stating, ``The intention is we will change (the titles), we just have n't come up with (them) yet. ''That July, Marvel revealed the film's title would be shortened to simply Avengers: Infinity War.
Mr. Irrelevant is the title bestowed each year upon the last pick of the annual National Football League draft. Although the NFL Draft dates back to 1936, the first person to officially be given the ``Mr. Irrelevant ''title was Kelvin Kirk, pick number 487 of the 1976 draft. The current Mr. Irrelevant is Trey Quinn, former wide receiver for the SMU Mustangs football team, who was picked 256th by the Washington Redskins in the 2018 draft.
Greeks from Cyprus have a similar history of emigration, usually to the English-speaking world because of the island's colonization by the British Empire. Waves of emigration followed the Turkish invasion of Cyprus in 1974, while the population decreased between mid-1974 and 1977 as a result of emigration, war losses, and a temporary decline in fertility. After the ethnic cleansing of a third of the Greek population of the island in 1974, there was also an increase in the number of Greek Cypriots leaving, especially for the Middle East, which contributed to a decrease in population that tapered off in the 1990s. Today more than two-thirds of the Greek population in Cyprus is urban.
Sonic Youth Recordings (sometimes referred to as SYR) is a record label established by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth in 1996. SYR was set up to allow the band to release records by themselves and their friends without the commercial pressures of a major label. As a result, the work on this label tends towards free improvisation and experimental music.
The opening beach scene was shot at Malibu's Leo Carrillo State Beach, making explicit reference to From Here to Eternity. The exterior Rydell scenes, including the basketball, baseball and track segments, were shot at Venice High School in Venice, California, while the Rydell interiors, including the high school dance, were filmed at Huntington Park High School. The sleepover was shot at a private house in East Hollywood. The Paramount Pictures studio lot was the location of the scenes that involve Frosty Palace and the musical numbers ``Greased Lightning ''and`` Beauty School Dropout''. The drive - in movie scenes were shot at the Burbank Pickwick Drive - In (it was closed and torn down in 1989 and a shopping center took its place). The race was filmed at the Los Angeles River, between the First and Seventh Street Bridges, where many other films have been shot. The final scene where the carnival took place used John Marshall High School. And due to budget cuts a short scene was filmed at Hazard Park in Los Angeles.
Millennium High School was founded in 2002 with a $500,000 grant from New Visions for Public Schools with money donated from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the Carnegie Corporation, and the Open Society Institute. Community Board 1 raised $14 million to build the school. The space within the building was made possible with several million dollars worth of grants from the federal government in 2003, as well as contributions from concerned groups such as New Visions for Public Schools, in an attempt to revitalize the lower Manhattan area following the September 11, 2001 attacks.
Dirty Sexy Politics is a 2010 political memoir written by Meghan McCain, the daughter of Republican Senator John McCain, about the 2008 United States presidential election.
Marie Curie died in 1934, aged 66, at a sanatorium in Sancellemoz (Haute - Savoie), France, of aplastic anemia from exposure to radiation in the course of her scientific research and in the course of her radiological work at field hospitals during World War I.
The deuterocanonical books (from the Greek meaning ``belonging to the second canon '') is a term adopted in 16th century by the Roman Catholic Church to denote those books and passages of the Christian Old Testament, as defined in 1546 by the Council of Trent, that were not found in the Hebrew Bible. The term distinguished these texts both from those that were termed protocanonical books, which were the books of the Hebrew canon; and from the apocryphal books, which were those books of Jewish origin that were known sometimes to have been read in church as scripture but which the Council considered not to be canonical.
Šiauliai (; ) is the fourth largest city in Lithuania, with a population of 107,086. From 1994 to 2010 it was the capital of Šiauliai County.
Gmina Miedźno is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the village of Miedźno, which lies approximately north-east of Kłobuck and north of the regional capital Katowice.
United Nations Security Council resolution 895, adopted unanimously on 28 January 1994, after recalling previous resolutions on Israel and Lebanon including 501 (1982), 508 (1982), 509 (1982) and 520 (1982) as well as studying the report by the Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali on the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) approved in 426 (1978), the Council decided to extend the mandate of UNIFIL for a further six months until 31 July 1994.
During the 20th century, historians John Gallagher (1919–1980) and Ronald Robinson (1920–1999) constructed a framework for understanding European imperialism. They claim that European imperialism was influential, and Europeans rejected the notion that "imperialism" required formal, legal control by one government over another country. "In their view, historians have been mesmerized by formal empire and maps of the world with regions colored red. The bulk of British emigration, trade, and capital went to areas outside the formal British Empire. Key to their thinking is the idea of empire 'informally if possible and formally if necessary.'"[attribution needed] Because of the resources made available by imperialism, the world's economy grew significantly and became much more interconnected in the decades before World War I, making the many imperial powers rich and prosperous.
The Papal Basilica of St. Peter in the Vatican (Italian: Basilica Papale di San Pietro in Vaticano), or simply St. Peter's Basilica (Latin: Basilica Sancti Petri), is an Italian Renaissance church in Vatican City, the papal enclave within the city of Rome.
Lucy Awuni Mbun is a Ghanaian politician and a former deputy Upper East Regional Minister of Ghana. He was appointed by President John Evan Atta Mills and served till January 2013.
Ugo Cappellacci, also known as The Auger ("it: Trivella)" (born 27 November 1960 in Cagliari, Italy) is an Italian Sardinian politician and member of the Forza Italia (FI) political party. Cappellacci, a center-right, politician, was elected President of Sardinia in the 2009 regional election, held in February 2009, with 51.9% of the vote, ousting the incumbent left-wing coalition led by Renato Soru, who garnered 42.89%. He took office as President on 27 February 2009. He lost as incumbent to Francesco Pigliaru of the Democratic Party in the 2014 regional election.
The story follows the experiences of a mongoose named Rikki - Tikki - Tavi (for his chattering vocalizations) after he is adopted into a British family residing in India, as a pet and as protection against cobras.
CFVR-FM is a Canadian radio station serving Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada, broadcasting at 103.7 FM with a hot adult contemporary format branded on-air as Mix 103.7.
The 2001 World Men's Handball Championship took place in France from 23 January to 4 February 2001. It was the 17th edition of the World Championship in team handball and the hosts won the championship.
Several films have featured their songs performed by other artists. A version of "Somebody to Love" by Anne Hathaway was in the 2004 film Ella Enchanted. In 2006, Brittany Murphy also recorded a cover of the same song for the 2006 film Happy Feet. In 2001, a version of "The Show Must Go On" was performed by Jim Broadbent and Nicole Kidman in the film musical Moulin Rouge!. The 2001 film A Knight's Tale has a version of "We Are the Champions" performed by Robbie Williams and Queen; the film also features "We Will Rock You" played by the medieval audience.
In November 2004, following a period of turmoil caused by the revelation that Shell had been overstating its oil reserves, it was announced that the Shell Group would move to a single capital structure, creating a new parent company to be named Royal Dutch Shell plc, with its primary listing on the London Stock Exchange, a secondary listing on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange, its headquarters and tax residency in The Hague, Netherlands and its registered office in London. The unification was completed on 20 July 2005 and the original owners delisted their companies from the respective exchanges. On 20 July 2005, the Shell Transport & Trading Company plc was delisted from the LSE, where as, Royal Dutch Petroleum Company from NYSE on 18 November 2005. The shares of the company were issued at a 60/40 advantage for the shareholders of Royal Dutch in line with the original ownership of the Shell Group.
Cleveland is a town in the Cleveland Township of Rowan County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 871 at the 2010 census.
HOSA - Future Health Professionals, formerly known as Health Occupations Students of America (HOSA), is a national career and technical student organization endorsed by the U.S. Department of Education and the Health Science Technology Education Division of ACTE. HOSA is composed of middle school, secondary, and post secondary / collegiate students, along with professional, alumni, and honorary members. It is headquartered in Southlake, Texas, and is the largest student organization which prepares students to enter the healthcare field.
Meg Griffin Family Guy character First appearance 1998 Pilot Pitch of Family Guy (Early version) ``Death Has a Shadow ''(Official version) Created by Seth MacFarlane Voiced by Lacey Chabert (1999 -- 2000, 2011, 2012) Mila Kunis (1999 -- present) Tara Strong (singing voice) Information Occupation High school student Family Peter Griffin (father) Lois Griffin (mother) Chris Griffin (brother) Stewie Griffin (brother) Brian Griffin (dog) Spouse (s) Dr. Michael Milano (ex-fiancé) Nationality American
Menz Keya Gebreal is one of the woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. Located in the Semien Shewa Zone, Menz Keya Gebreal is bordered on the southeast by Menz Lalo Midir, on the southwest by the Jamma River which separated it from Moretna Jiru, on the west by Merhabiete, on the northwest by the Qechene River which separates it from the Debub Wollo Zone, and on the northeast by Menz Gera Midir. The administrative center of this woreda is Zemero. Menz Keya Gebreal was part of the former Gera Midirna Keya Gebriel woreda.
The Last Supper (1445–1450) is a fresco by the Italian Renaissance artist Andrea del Castagno, located in the refectory of the convent of Sant'Apollonia, now the "Museo di Cenacolo di Sant'Apollonia", and accessed through a door on Via Ventisette Aprile at the corner with Santa Reparata, in Florence, region of Tuscany. The painting depicts Jesus and the Apostles during the Last Supper, with Judas, unlike all the other apostles, sitting separately on the near side of the table, as is common in depictions of the Last Supper in Christian art.
Wang and Nyima state that after the official title "Education Minister" was granted to Tai Situ Changchub Gyaltsen (1302–1364) by the Yuan court, this title appeared frequently with his name in various Tibetan texts, while his Tibetan title "Degsi" (sic properly sde-srid or desi) is seldom mentioned. Wang and Nyima take this to mean that "even in the later period of the Yuan dynasty, the Yuan imperial court and the Phagmodrupa Dynasty maintained a Central-local government relation." The Tai Situpa is even supposed to have written in his will: "In the past I received loving care from the emperor in the east. If the emperor continues to care for us, please follow his edicts and the imperial envoy should be well received."
New Windsor Historic District is a national historic district at New Windsor, Carroll County, Maryland, United States. The district contains a wide variety of domestic, commercial, public, educational, and religious resources reflecting the development of the town from its founding in 1796 up to the World War II era. Most common homes are 2- or -story center-entrance or center-passage plan dwellings, of both three and five bays, and three-bay side-passage plan houses.
John Cabot (Italian: Giovanni Caboto; c. 1450 -- c. 1500) was a Venetian navigator and explorer whose 1497 discovery of the coast of North America under the commission of Henry VII of England was the first European exploration of coastal North America since the Norse visits to Vinland in the eleventh century. To mark the celebration of the 500th anniversary of Cabot's expedition, both the Canadian and British governments elected Cape Bonavista, Newfoundland, as representing Cabot's first landing site. However, alternative locations have also been proposed.
The city of Beijing has a long and rich history that dates back over 3,000 years. Prior to the unification of China by the First Emperor in 221 BC, Beijing had been for centuries the capital of the ancient states of Ji and Yan. During the first millennia of imperial rule, Beijing was a provincial city in northern China. Its stature grew in the 10th to the 13th centuries when the nomadic Khitan and forest - dwelling Jurchen peoples from beyond the Great Wall expanded southward and made the city a capital of their dynasties, the Liao and Jin. When Kublai Khan made Dadu the capital of the Mongol - led Yuan dynasty (1279 -- 1368), all of China was ruled from Beijing for the first time. From 1279 onward, with the exception of two interludes from 1368 to 1420 and 1928 to 1949, Beijing would remain as China's capital, serving as the seat of power for the Ming dynasty (1421 -- 1644), the Manchu - led Qing dynasty (1644 -- 1912), the early Republic of China (1912 -- 1928) and now the People's Republic of China (1949 -- present).
From the caliphate's north-western African bases, a series of raids on coastal areas of the Visigothic Kingdom paved the way to the permanent occupation of most of Iberia by the Umayyads (starting in 711), and on into south-eastern Gaul (last stronghold at Narbonne in 759). Hisham's reign witnessed the end of expansion in the west, following the defeat of the Arab army by the Franks at the Battle of Tours in 732. In 739 a major Berber Revolt broke out in North Africa, which was subdued only with difficulty, but it was followed by the collapse of Umayyad authority in al-Andalus. In India the Arab armies were defeated by the south Indian Chalukya dynasty and by the north Indian Pratiharas Dynasty in the 8th century and the Arabs were driven out of India. In the Caucasus, the confrontation with the Khazars peaked under Hisham: the Arabs established Derbent as a major military base and launched several invasions of the northern Caucasus, but failed to subdue the nomadic Khazars. The conflict was arduous and bloody, and the Arab army even suffered a major defeat at the Battle of Marj Ardabil in 730. Marwan ibn Muhammad, the future Marwan II, finally ended the war in 737 with a massive invasion that is reported to have reached as far as the Volga, but the Khazars remained unsubdued.
Ichiro Suzuki / ˈiːtʃɪroʊ suːˈzuːki / (鈴木一朗, Suzuki Ichirō, born October 22, 1973), often referred to mononymously as Ichiro (イチロー, Ichirō), is a Japanese professional baseball outfielder. With 27 seasons combined in top - level professional leagues, he spent the bulk of his career with two teams: nine seasons with the Orix Blue Wave of Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB) in Japan, where he began his career, and 12 with the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball (MLB) in the United States. After playing for the Mariners, he played two and a half seasons in MLB with the New York Yankees before signing with the Miami Marlins. Ichiro played three seasons with the Marlins before returning to the Mariners in 2018. Ichiro established a number of batting records, including MLB's single - season record for hits with 262. He achieved 10 consecutive 200 - hit seasons, the longest streak by any player in history. Between his major league career in both Japan and the United States, Ichiro has the most hits by any player in top - tier professional leagues. He also has recorded the most hits of all Japanese born players in MLB history.
The Gregorian telescope is a type of reflecting telescope designed by Scottish mathematician and astronomer James Gregory in the 17th century, and first built in 1673 by Robert Hooke. James Gregory was a contemporary of Isaac Newton, both often worked simultaneously on similar projects. Gregory's design was published in 1663 and pre-dates the first practical reflecting telescope, the Newtonian telescope, built by Sir Isaac Newton in 1668. However, Gregory's design was only a theoretical description and he never actually constructed the telescope. It was not successfully built until five years after Newton's first reflecting telescope.
Yu Lihua was born in Shanghai and went to university in Taiwan, taking history at National Taiwan University. Then she went to the United States to do a graduate degree in journalism at UCLA and then to teach Chinese literature in the Department of Comparative University at the State University of New York.
The actress in question is Johanne Luise Heiberg, the wife of Johan Ludvig Heiberg, although she is not mentioned by name in the articles. Johanne Luise was a popular and leading lady of the Danish stage at the time and she had written an autobiographical reflection of her life, in which she praised Kierkegaard for his insight into her art.
"Ring the Alarm" is a song recorded by American singer Beyoncé for her second studio album, "B'Day" (2006). It was written by Knowles, Kasseem "Swizz Beatz" Dean and Sean Garrett. Columbia Records released "Ring the Alarm" as the second single from "B'Day" in the United States on October 17, 2006, while "Irreplaceable" (2006) was serviced as the album's second international and third US single. The song's development was motivated by Knowles' role in the Broadway musical adaptation "Dreamgirls" (2006). The cover art of "Ring the Alarm" proved controversial because Knowles used alligators during the photography session. PETA declared that Knowles' posing with a baby alligator was arguably abusive to an animal.
The Niagara River and Falls have been known outside of North America since the late 17th century, when Father Louis Hennepin, a French explorer, first witnessed them. He wrote about his travels in "A New Discovery of a Vast Country in America" (1698).
Gun Lords of Stirrup Basin is a 1937 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield for Supreme Pictures. It stars Bob Steele, Louis Stanley, and Karl Hackett.
The Vision of Constantine is an equestrian sculpture by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini, located in the Scala Regia by St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City. Originally commissioned as a free standing work of art within St. Peter's itself, the sculpture was finally unveiled in 1670 as an integral part of the Scala Regia - Bernini's redesigned stairway between St. Peter's Basilica and the Vatican Palace. Unlike other large works by Bernini, art historians have suggested that this work was almost entirely undertaken by him - no other sculptors have been recorded as receiving payment. Bernini's overall fee was 7,000 Roman scudi.
Columbus is a town in Columbia County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 711 at the 2000 census. The city of Columbus lies mostly with the town boundaries.
Albeni Falls Dam is located on the Pend Oreille River between Oldtown, Idaho, and Priest River, Idaho. It is located on the site of a natural waterfall named Albeni Falls, named after early pioneer Albeni Poirier.
Uranium-235 was the first isotope that was found to be fissile. Other naturally occurring isotopes are fissionable, but not fissile. On bombardment with slow neutrons, its uranium-235 isotope will most of the time divide into two smaller nuclei, releasing nuclear binding energy and more neutrons. If too many of these neutrons are absorbed by other uranium-235 nuclei, a nuclear chain reaction occurs that results in a burst of heat or (in special circumstances) an explosion. In a nuclear reactor, such a chain reaction is slowed and controlled by a neutron poison, absorbing some of the free neutrons. Such neutron absorbent materials are often part of reactor control rods (see nuclear reactor physics for a description of this process of reactor control).
The FIFA World Ranking is a ranking system for men's national teams in association football, currently led by Germany. The teams of the member nations of FIFA, football's world governing body, are ranked based on their game results with the most successful teams being ranked highest. The rankings were introduced in December 1992, and eight teams (Argentina, Belgium, Brazil, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Spain) have held the top position, of which Brazil have spent longest ranked first.
On April 30, 2010, Movie Gallery announced it was closing and liquidating all of its stores per a filing of Chapter 7 bankruptcy. At its peak the firm had about 4,700 stores in North America, operating mainly under the Movie Gallery, Hollywood Video, and GameCrazy brands. The last of the company's stores were closed in August 2010.
There are 12 universities in Switzerland, ten of which are maintained at cantonal level and usually offer a range of non-technical subjects. The first university in Switzerland was founded in 1460 in Basel (with a faculty of medicine) and has a tradition of chemical and medical research in Switzerland. The biggest university in Switzerland is the University of Zurich with nearly 25,000 students. The two institutes sponsored by the federal government are the ETHZ in Zürich (founded 1855) and the EPFL in Lausanne (founded 1969 as such, formerly an institute associated with the University of Lausanne) which both have an excellent international reputation.[note 10]
Weston is a town in Dunn County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 630 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Comfort and Weston are located in the town. The unincorporated community of Hatchville is also located partially in the town.
Olympus Mons (/ əˌlɪmpəs ˈmɒnz, oʊ -, - ˈmɒns /; Latin for Mount Olympus) is a very large shield volcano on the planet Mars. By one measure, it has a height of nearly 22 km (13.6 mi or 72,000 ft). Olympus Mons stands about two and a half times as tall as Mount Everest's height above sea level. It is the tallest mountain of all planets and other rounded bodies in the Solar System, and is the second tallest mountain in the Solar System overall, after Rheasilvia on the Asteroid Vesta. It is the youngest of the large volcanoes on Mars, having formed during Mars's Hesperian Period. It is currently the largest volcano discovered in the Solar System and had been known to astronomers since the late 19th century as the albedo feature Nix Olympica (Latin for ``Olympic Snow ''). Its mountainous nature was suspected well before space probes confirmed its identity as a mountain.
Avicenna's astronomical writings had some influence on later writers, although in general his work could be considered less developed than Alhazen or Al-Biruni. One important feature of his writing is that he considers mathematical astronomy as a separate discipline to astrology. He criticized Aristotle's view of the stars receiving their light from the Sun, stating that the stars are self-luminous, and believed that the planets are also self-luminous. He claimed to have observed Venus as a spot on the Sun. This is possible, as there was a transit on May 24, 1032, but Avicenna did not give the date of his observation, and modern scholars have questioned whether he could have observed the transit from his location at that time; he may have mistaken a sunspot for Venus. He used his transit observation to help establish that Venus was, at least sometimes, below the Sun in Ptolemaic cosmology, i.e. the sphere of Venus comes before the sphere of the Sun when moving out from the Earth in the prevailing geocentric model.
In the United States, new pharmaceutical products must be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as being both safe and effective. This process generally involves submission of an Investigational New Drug filing with sufficient pre-clinical data to support proceeding with human trials. Following IND approval, three phases of progressively larger human clinical trials may be conducted. Phase I generally studies toxicity using healthy volunteers. Phase II can include pharmacokinetics and dosing in patients, and Phase III is a very large study of efficacy in the intended patient population. Following the successful completion of phase III testing, a New Drug Application is submitted to the FDA. The FDA review the data and if the product is seen as having a positive benefit-risk assessment, approval to market the product in the US is granted.
Best Day Ever is the fifth mixtape by American rapper Mac Miller. This mixtape was released online March 11, 2011. Over 20,000 viewers joined Miller for a live video stream just prior to releasing the tape. The mixtape consists of 16 songs produced by nine producers (predominantly ID Labs).
Raven Creek is a tributary of Fishing Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Sugarloaf Township, Benton Township, and Fishing Creek Township. The watershed of the creek has an area of . Numerous bridges, both covered and non-covered, have been built over the creek. Its main tributary is East Branch Raven Creek.
Arianespace was contracted to launch INSAT - 4B using an Ariane 5 ECA carrier rocket. The launch occurred on 11 March 2007 at 22: 03 UTC, from ELA - 3 at Kourou. The Skynet 5A military communications satellite for the British Ministry of Defence was launched aboard the same rocket.
Adaba is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia; it shares the name of its administrative center, Adaba. Part of the West Arsi Zone, Adaba is bordered on the southwest by Nensebo, on the west by Dodola, on the northwest by the Shabelle River which separates it from the Gedeb Asasa, and on the east and south by Bale Zone.
For Gordon Bunshaft is a 2006 sculpture by Dan Graham, installed at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C. The work, which refers to American architect Gordon Bunshaft, was installed by the reflection pool of the Sunken Sculpture Garden on May 30, 2008.
Oxford-University Stadium at Swayze Field is the home of the University of Mississippi Rebels college baseball team and is located in Oxford, Mississippi. It is named in honor of Tom Swayze, a former Ole Miss baseball player and coach.
Ludwig Friedrich Otto Baumgarten-Crusius (31 July 1788 – May 31, 1843), was a German Protestant theologian and divine born in Merseburg. He was the brother of philologist Detlev Karl Wilhelm Baumgarten-Crusius (1786-1845).
Waterfalls is a live album by American saxophonist and composer John Klemmer featuring studio enhanced live performances recorded in Los Angeles for the Impulse! label.
The Game of Triangles is a studio album by Bobby Bare, Norma Jean and Liz Anderson. It was Bobby Bare's tenth studio album, Norma Jean's fourth and Liz Anderson's second. The title song was a top 5 hit for the trio and they were nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal. Only six of the album's songs were performed by all three artists, each of whom also contributed two solo performances to the album. The album was released as a music download on April 3, 2015 by Sony Legacy. On January 1, 2018, the European record label Morello released it as a deluxe cd also featuring the tracks from two Bobby Bare duet albums with Skeeter Davis.
The RCBC Plaza was designed by international architectural firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, LLP, in cooperation with local architectural firm W.V. Coscolluela & Associates. The structural design was provided by international engineering company Skilling Ward Magnusson Barkshire in cooperation with local engineering company R.S. Caparros Associates & Company. Project management services was provided by Bovis Lend Lease, while construction management works were provided by Pacific Orient Consultants & Management, Inc. The Main Contractor was ECW Joint Venture consisting of EEI Corporation (Philippines), Concrete Constructions (Australia) and Walter Bau (Germany). The superstructure construction works were self performed by ECW JV. EEI Corporation is also a part of the Yuchengco Group of Companies.
The 1955 NBA draft was the ninth annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The draft was held on April 13, 1955, before the 1955–56 season. In this draft, eight remaining NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players. In each round, the teams select in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season. The Milwaukee Hawks participated in the draft, but relocated to St. Louis, Missouri, and became the St. Louis Hawks prior to the start of the season. The draft consisted of 15 rounds comprising 96 players selected.
After 1800, cotton and tobacco became important export crops. The eastern half of the state, especially the Tidewater region, developed a slave society based on a plantation system and slave labor. Many free people of color migrated to the frontier along with their European-American neighbors, where the social system was looser. By 1810, nearly 3 percent of the free population consisted of free people of color, who numbered slightly more than 10,000. The western areas were dominated by white families, especially Scots-Irish, who operated small subsistence farms. In the early national period, the state became a center of Jeffersonian and Jacksonian democracy, with a strong Whig presence, especially in the West. After Nat Turner's slave uprising in 1831, North Carolina and other southern states reduced the rights of free blacks. In 1835 the legislature withdrew their right to vote.
The fault was identified in 1895 by Professor Andrew Lawson of UC Berkeley, who discovered the northern zone. It is often described as having been named after San Andreas Lake, a small body of water that was formed in a valley between the two plates. However, according to some of his reports from 1895 and 1908, Lawson actually named it after the surrounding San Andreas Valley. Following the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, Lawson concluded that the fault extended all the way into southern California.
The river Loimijoki is a river in Finland and the longest tributary of the river Kokemäenjoki. The river originates at the lake Pyhäjärvi in Tammela and joins the river Kokemäenjoki in Huittinen. There is a difference in elevation between the source and the mouth of the river, which is long. The river drains a catchment area of . The river has several dams at Forssa, Jokioinen and Loimaa.
Wichita Northeast Magnet High School, known locally as Northeast, is a magnet high school for the Wichita School District and is located in Bel Aire, Kansas, United States. Wichita Northeast Magnet High School was the first magnet high school in Kansas. The magnet areas at Northeast include visual arts, science, and law. Students are also exposed to mathematics and language arts. Since it is a magnet school, there is no district boundary placed by the school district, meaning any high school age student within the Wichita city limits, can attend the school without requiring a special transfer, they still, however, are required to apply for the school, then students are selected at random to attend.
The Times Square Ball is a time ball located in New York City's Times Square. Located on the roof of One Times Square, the ball is a prominent part of a New Year's Eve celebration in Times Square commonly referred to as the ball drop, where the ball descends 141 feet (43 m) in 60 seconds down a specially designed flagpole, beginning at 11: 59: 00 p.m. ET, and resting at midnight to signal the start of the new year. In recent years, the festivities have been preceded by live entertainment, including performances by musicians.
"The War Prayer" is an episode from the first season of the science fiction television series "Babylon 5". The title of the episode comes from the Mark Twain story "The War Prayer".
The Rhine (Romansh: Rein, German: Rhein, French: le Rhin, Dutch: Rijn) is a European river that begins in the Swiss canton of Graubünden in the southeastern Swiss Alps, forms part of the Swiss-Austrian, Swiss-Liechtenstein border, Swiss-German and then the Franco-German border, then flows through the Rhineland and eventually empties into the North Sea in the Netherlands. The biggest city on the river Rhine is Cologne, Germany with a population of more than 1,050,000 people. It is the second-longest river in Central and Western Europe (after the Danube), at about 1,230 km (760 mi),[note 2][note 1] with an average discharge of about 2,900 m3/s (100,000 cu ft/s).
The Taifa of Baeza was a medieval taifa Moorish kingdom. It existed only from 1224 to 1226, when it fell to the Christian Kingdom of Castile.
Leonhard Seppala was born in the village of Skibotn in Storfjord municipality, Troms county, Norway. He was the oldest-born child of father Isak Isaksson Seppälä (of Swedish descent) and Anne Henriksdatter (of Finnish Norwegian Kven descent). His father's family name is of Finnish origin. When Seppala was two years old, his family moved within Troms county to nearby Skjervøy municipality on the island of Skjervøya. While in Skjervøy, his father worked as a blacksmith and fisherman, building up a relatively large estate. Seppala initially followed in his father's footsteps as both a blacksmith and a fisherman. However, he emigrated to Alaska during the Nome gold rush of the 1900s. His friend Jafet Lindeberg had returned from Alaska and convinced Seppala to come to work for his mining company in Nome.
Libya's economy witnessed increasing privatization; although rejecting the socialist policies of nationalized industry advocated in The Green Book, government figures asserted that they were forging "people's socialism" rather than capitalism. Gaddafi welcomed these reforms, calling for wide-scale privatization in a March 2003 speech. In 2003, the oil industry was largely sold to private corporations, and by 2004, there was $40 billion of direct foreign investment in Libya, a sixfold rise over 2003. Sectors of Libya's population reacted against these reforms with public demonstrations, and in March 2006, revolutionary hard-liners took control of the GPC cabinet; although scaling back the pace of the changes, they did not halt them. In 2010, plans were announced that would have seen half the Libyan economy privatized over the following decade. While there was no accompanying political liberalization, with Gaddafi retaining predominant control, in March 2010, the government devolved further powers to the municipal councils. Rising numbers of reformist technocrats attained positions in the country's governance; best known was Gaddafi's son and heir apparent Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, who was openly critical of Libya's human rights record. He led a group who proposed the drafting of the new constitution, although it was never adopted, and in October 2009 was appointed to head the PSLC. Involved in encouraging tourism, Saif founded several privately run media channels in 2008, but after criticising the government they were nationalised in 2009. In October 2010, Gaddafi apologized to African leaders on behalf of Arab nations for their involvement in the African slave trade.
A Converted British Family Sheltering a Christian Missionary from the Persecution of the Druids is a painting by William Holman Hunt that was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1850 and is now in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. It was a companion to John Everett Millais's "Christ in the House of His Parents". Both artists sought to depict similar episodes from very early Christian history, portraying families helping an injured individual. Both also stressed the primitivism of the scene.
Spirit If... is the debut solo album by Broken Social Scene co-founder Kevin Drew. It was released on September 18, 2007. The album is the first in a series entitled "Broken Social Scene Presents:", with each album in the series being a particular member's solo efforts, assisted by fellow Broken Social Scene members. Brendan Canning's album "Something for All of Us", the second in the series, was released in 2008.
The Leşu Ursului mine was a large mine in the east of Romania in Suceava County close to Broșteni. Leşu Ursului represents one of the largest copper reserve in Romania having estimated reserves of 18 million tonnes of ore grading 16% copper.
The Camden Head is one of the oldest pubs in Camden, London, England having been established in 1787. It is also a former music venue and hosts comedy events.
The French and Indian War (1754 -- 63) was a watershed event in the political development of the colonies. It was also part of the larger Seven Years' War. The influence of the main rivals of the British Crown in the colonies and Canada, the French and North American Indians, was significantly reduced with the territory of the Thirteen Colonies expanding into New France both in Canada and the Louisiana Territory. Moreover, the war effort resulted in greater political integration of the colonies, as reflected in the Albany Congress and symbolized by Benjamin Franklin's call for the colonies to ``Join or Die ''. Franklin was a man of many inventions -- one of which was the concept of a United States of America, which emerged after 1765 and was realized in July 1776.
The Yamaha DragStar 950 (also known as the V Star 950 and the XVS950/XVS950A Midnight Star) is a cruiser motorcycle produced by Yamaha Motor Company. Introduced in 2009 with a base MSRP of , the DragStar 950 has a , fuel injected V-twin engine with a 60° V angle, which produces approximately and of torque. The transmission is a five-speed manual with a multi-plate wet clutch and final belt drive. The bike was designed as an entry-level cruiser motorcycle and is available in standard and touring versions.
Windows Media Encoder (WME) is a discontinued, freeware media encoder developed by Microsoft which enables content developers to convert or capture both live and prerecorded audio, video, and computer screen images to Windows Media formats for live and on-demand delivery. It is the successor of NetShow Encoder. The download page reports that it is not supported on Windows 7. WME has been replaced by a free version of Microsoft Expression Encoder. The Media 8 Encoding Utility is still listed. WME was available in both 32-bit and 64-bit versions.
Mount Wilkinson is a low mountain immediately north-northwest of and directly overlooking downtown Vinings, in southeast Cobb County, Georgia, USA. Although it rises significantly from the surrounding terrain, it is actually at or slightly below the average elevation for the region, as it is in the Chattahoochee River valley. Formerly called Signal Mountain, today it is commonly known as Vinings Mountain.
Michael T. Scott is an American comedy writer, animation director and creator of the Happy Fatties online cartoon series, which has been featured on several notable web video sites including, YouTube, Dailymotion, Yahoo! Video, Openfilm, Animation World Network, Crackle, Aniboom, Funny or Die and Newgrounds.
USS "Balch" (DD-363) was a "Porter"-class destroyer in the United States Navy. She is named for Admiral George Beall Balch.
Ives Estates is a census-designated place (CDP) in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. The population was 17,586 at the 2000 census.
With regard to a safety net, Hayek advocated "some provision for those threatened by the extremes of indigence or starvation, be if only in the interest of those who require protection against acts of desperation on the part of the needy." As referenced in the section on "The economic calculation problem," Hayek wrote that "there is no reason why... the state should not help to organize a comprehensive system of social insurance." Summarizing on this topic, Wapshott writes "[Hayek] advocated mandatory universal health care and unemployment insurance, enforced, if not directly provided, by the state." Bernard Harcourt says that "Hayek was adamant about this." In the 1973 Law, Legislation, and Liberty, Hayek wrote:
Title Album details Peak chart positions Sales US Country US AUS Michael Ray Release date: 2010 Label: Self - released Formats: CD, digital download -- -- -- Michael Ray Release date: August 7, 2015 Label: Atlantic Nashville Formats: CD, digital download 21 60 US: 51,000 ``-- ''denotes releases that did not chart
"Shakalaka Boom Boom" attracted negative reviews from top critics of India. Mayank Shekhar of "Hindustan Times" rated the film with 1 out of 5 stars. Shakti Salgaokar of DNA gave movie a one and half stars and wrote in his review, "It's simple — sexual innuendo, potshots at popular films, bad mimicry, foreign locations, a generous dose of overacting, an item song and a gora villain. And as he magnificently presents the climax of the film. Spare us the comedy, please?" Nikhat Kazmi of "Times of India" said, "This one's definitely not for the fastidious, choosy viewer but for those who don't mind losing it for a bit, "Shakalaka Boom Boom" works like an average Bollywood musical. Performance-wise, it's one big circus with the guys hogging most of the limelight. The girls — Kangana and Celina — are mere confetti" and gave it 3 out of 5 stars. Taran Adarsh also gave it 3 out of 5 stars, saying "It's a well-crafted entertainer and lives up to the expectations of its target audience — the youth. At the box-office, its business at the multiplexes will help it generate good revenue, making it a profitable proposition for its investors."
Alison "Ali" Vincent is the winner of the of the fitness reality television show "The Biggest Loser", which aired in early 2008. Vincent's in-competition weight loss of 112 pounds earned her a $250,000 prize, and the first win by a female of a United States "The Biggest Loser" season. Vincent is to be featured as a spokeswoman in print and television advertisements for fitness center chain 24 Hour Fitness, Biggest Loser ProteinG manufactured by Designer Whey and Infinity Insurance.
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, formed as a joint state by only Montenegro and Serbia after the breakup of Yugoslavia, from 1992–2002 (due to UN ban allowed to compete as Independent Olympic Participants at the 1992 Summer Olympics and was not allowed to compete at 1994 Winter Olympics)Two of the successor nations (Croatia and Slovenia) began to compete as independent teams at the Olympics starting at the 1992 Winter Games and Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 1992 Summer Games and as of the 2008 Summer Olympics, all six successor nations, former socialist republics, have participated independently. Kosovo, a former autonomous province, made its Olympic debut as an independent national team at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Happy End is a three-act musical comedy by Kurt Weill, Elisabeth Hauptmann, and Bertolt Brecht which first opened in Berlin at the Theater am Schiffbauerdamm on September 2, 1929. It closed after seven performances. In 1977 it premiered on Broadway, where it ran for 75 performances.
Väinämöinen was a Finnish coastal defence ship, the sister ship of the Finnish Navy's flagship and also the first ship of her class. She was built at the Crichton-Vulcan shipyard in Turku and was launched in 1932. Following the end of the Continuation War, "Väinämöinen" was handed over to the Soviet Union as war reparations and renamed Vyborg. The ship remained in Soviet hands until her scrapping in 1966.
Tanya Lauren Branning (also Cross and Jessop) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Jo Joyner. She made her first appearance on 27 June 2006. She left the show temporarily on 25 December 2009 for maternity leave and returned for one episode on 23 June 2010. She made her full - time return on 27 September 2010. Tanya's storylines have included opening her own salon, giving birth to her third child, divorcing and then burying Max Branning (Jake Wood) alive, marrying Greg Jessop (Stefan Booth), starting an affair with Max, dealing with her cervical cancer and discovering that Max has a secret wife, Kirsty Branning (Kierston Wareing). On 1 May 2012, it was announced Joyner would take another break from the series in 2013, however, on 1 April 2013, it was announced her departure would be indefinite. On 15 May 2013, Joyner filmed her final scenes and departed on 28 June 2013. Tanya returned in February 2015 for two episodes as part of the show's 30th anniversary celebrations.
Jack Steven (born 28 March 1990) is an Australian rules footballer playing for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). Steven is a four-time Trevor Barker Award winner. He received a nomination for the 2011 AFL Rising Star award in round 10 of the 2011 season.
New Police Story is a 2004 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Benny Chan, and also produced by and starring Jackie Chan. The film was released in the Hong Kong on 24 September 2004. The film is a reboot of the "Police Story" series and is the fifth film in the series. "New Police Story" relies much more on drama and heavy action than its predecessors.
The Washington Capitals are a professional ice hockey team based in Washington, D.C. They are members of the Metropolitan Division of the Eastern Conference of the National Hockey League (NHL). The Capitals are owned by Monumental Sports & Entertainment, headed by Ted Leonsis. From 1974 to 1997 the Capitals played their home games at the Capital Centre, in Landover, Maryland (a suburb of Washington, D.C.). In 1997 the team moved to the arena now called Capital One Arena, their present home arena in Washington, D.C.
Victor Razafimahatratra was born in Ambanitsilena-Ranomasina, and studied at the Major Seminary of Fianarantsoa before entering the Society of Jesus, more commonly known as the Jesuits, on 19 September 1945. He continued his education at the Jesuit schools in Fianarantsoa, and then went to Belgium to study at the Theological Faculty of Brussels and the Catechetical Center "Lumen Gentium", also in Brussels.
Contoocook Lake () is a water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire, United States, in the towns of Jaffrey and Rindge. The lake, along with Pool Pond, forms the headwaters of the Contoocook River, which flows north to the Merrimack River in Penacook, New Hampshire.
On July 26, Truman mandated the end of hiring and employment discrimination in the federal government, reaffirming FDR's order of 1941.:40 He issued two executive orders on July 26, 1948: Executive Order 9980 and Executive Order 9981. Executive Order 9980, named Regulations Governing for Employment Practices within the Federal Establishment, instituted fair employment practices in the civilian agencies of the federal government. The order created the position of Fair Employment Officer. The order "established in the Civil Service Commission a Fair Employment Board of not less than seven persons." Executive Order 9981, named Establishing the President's Committee on Equality of Treatment and Opportunity in the Armed Services, called for the integration of the Armed Forces and the creation of the National Military Establishment to carry out the executive order.
My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic (season 8) Country of origin United States Canada No. of episodes 26 Release Original network Discovery Family Original release March 24, 2018 (2018 - 03 - 24) -- present Season chronology ← Previous Season 7 List of My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic episodes
There are also Christian movements which cross denominational lines and even branches, and cannot be classified on the same level previously mentioned forms. Evangelicalism is a prominent example. Some of those movements are active exclusively within Protestantism, some are Christian-wide. Transdenominational movements are sometimes capable of affecting parts of the Roman Catholic Church, such as does it the Charismatic Movement, which aims to incorporate beliefs and practices similar to Pentecostals into the various branches of Christianity. Neo-charismatic churches are sometimes regarded as a subgroup of the Charismatic Movement. Nondenominational churches often adopt, or are akin to one of these movements.
Parker F. Dunn (August 8, 1890 – October 23, 1918) was an American soldier serving in the United States Army during World War I who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.
After a long period of rumour and consultation, the British government announced plans to construct an airport in Saint Helena in March 2005. The airport was expected to be completed by 2010. However an approved bidder, the Italian firm Impregilo, was not chosen until 2008, and then the project was put on hold in November 2008, allegedly due to new financial pressures brought on by the Financial crisis of 2007–2010. By January 2009, construction had not commenced and no final contracts had been signed. Governor Andrew Gurr departed for London in an attempt to speed up the process and solve the problems.
In 1946 Bremen's mayor Wilhelm Kaisen (SPD) travelled to the U.S. to re-establish Bremen's statehood, as Bremen had traditionally been a city-state, in order to prevent its incorporation into the state of Lower Saxony in the British zone of occupation. In 1947 the city became an enclave, part of the American occupation zone surrounded by the British zone.
WMMI (830 AM) is an AM radio station located in Shepherd, Michigan. It specializes in news and talk programming from a variety of providers, such as Michigan Radio Network, Michigan Talk Radio Network, Radio America, and Premiere Networks.
A major consideration was the possible Soviet reaction in the event that the US intervened. The Truman administration was fretful that a war in Korea was a diversionary assault that would escalate to a general war in Europe once the United States committed in Korea. At the same time, "[t]here was no suggestion from anyone that the United Nations or the United States could back away from [the conflict]". Yugoslavia–a possible Soviet target because of the Tito-Stalin Split—was vital to the defense of Italy and Greece, and the country was first on the list of the National Security Council's post-North Korea invasion list of "chief danger spots". Truman believed if aggression went unchecked a chain reaction would be initiated that would marginalize the United Nations and encourage Communist aggression elsewhere. The UN Security Council approved the use of force to help the South Koreans and the US immediately began using what air and naval forces that were in the area to that end. The Administration still refrained from committing on the ground because some advisers believed the North Koreans could be stopped by air and naval power alone.
This status quo remained, with Ireland participating little in the British Commonwealth and Éamon de Valera remarking in 1945 that ``we are a republic ''in reply to the question if he planned to declare Ireland as a republic. Then somewhat unexpectedly in 1948, during a visit to Canada, Taoiseach John A. Costello announced that Ireland was to be declared a republic. The subsequent Irish legislation, the Republic of Ireland Act 1948, provided for the abolition of the last remaining functions of the King in relation to Ireland and provided that the President of Ireland would exercise these functions in the King's place. When the Act came into force on 18 April 1949, it effectively ended Ireland's status as a British dominion. As a consequence of this, it also had the effect of ending Ireland's membership of the British Commonwealth of Nations and the existing basis upon which Ireland and its citizens were treated in the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth countries as`` British subjects'', not foreigners.
The Regulating Act 1773 provided for the election of four counsellors by the East India Company's Court of Directors. The Governor-General had a vote along with the counsellors, but he also had an additional vote to break ties. The decision of the Council was binding on the Governor-General.
Tax ladder is a term sometimes used to refer to the formula for calculating a taxpayer's tax liability in a given year for United States federal personal income tax purposes. The term "ladder" is used because as your taxable income increases, you "climb" the ladder and your tax rate increases.
Wolf was born in Fällanden, near Zurich. He studied at the universities of Zurich, Vienna, and Berlin. Encke was one of his teachers. Wolf became professor of astronomy at the University of Bern in 1844 and director of the Bern Observatory in 1847. In 1855 he accepted a chair of astronomy at both the University of Zurich and the Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich.
Xexéu is a city in Pernambuco, Brazil. It is located in Zona da mata Pernambucana from the state capital Recife.
Magnus Maximilian Graf von Alopaeus (21 January 1748—16 May 1822) (, "Alopeus Maksim Maksimovich") was a Finland-Swedish diplomat, born at Vyborg and educated at Åbo, afterwards at Göttingen, was intended for the ecclesiastical profession, but his employment as secretary by Count Nikita Ivanovich Panin, Russian ambassador at the Swedish court, was the first step in a gradual rise through the political ranks. In 1783, Alopeus was appointed resident-minister at the court of the Bishop of Lübeck, where he maintained the correspondence between Tsesarevich Paul and Frederick II. In 1789, Alopeus was sent to Berlin where he stayed for 6 years, gained favor from Frederick William II, and secured the signing of the allied treaty between Russia and Prussia. He was named minister plenipotentiary at the court of Berlin, by the Empress Catherine, in 1790.
Cyber Rights: Defending Free speech in the Digital Age is a non-fiction book about cyberlaw, written by free speech lawyer Mike Godwin. It was first published in 1998 by Times Books. It was republished in 2003 as a revised edition by The MIT Press. Godwin graduated from the University of Texas School of Law in 1990 and was the first staff counsel for the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Written with a first-person perspective, "Cyber Rights" offers a background in the legal issues and history pertaining to free speech on the Internet. It documents the author's experiences in defending free speech online, and puts forth the thesis that "the remedy for the abuse of free speech is more speech". Godwin emphasizes that decisions made about the expression of ideas on the Internet affect freedom of speech in other media as well, as granted by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The modern definition refers to a class of large-caliber (generally .50 or 12.7mm) machine guns, pioneered by John Moses Browning with the M2 machine gun.  These weapons are designed to provide increased range, penetration and destructive power against vehicles, buildings, aircraft and light fortifications beyond the standard rifle calibers used in medium or general-purpose machine gun, or the intermediate cartridges used in light machine guns. In this sense, the "heavy" aspect of the weapon refers to its superior power and range over light- and medium-caliber weapons, in addition to its weight. This class of machine gun came into widespread use during World War II, when the M2 was used widely in fortifications, on vehicles and in aircraft by American forces. A similar HMG capacity was later fielded by the Soviets in the form of Vasily Degtyaryov's DShK in 12.7×108mm. The ubiquitous German MG42 general-purpose machine gun, though well-suited against infantry, lacked the M2's anti-fortification and anti-vehicle capability, a fact that was noted and lamented by the Germans. The continued need for a longer-range machine gun with anti-materiel capability to bridge the gap between exclusively anti-infantry weapons and exclusively anti-materiel weapons has led to the widespread adoption and modernization of the class, and most nations' armed forces are equipped with some type of HMG.
The working fluid in a Rankine cycle can operate as a closed loop system, where the working fluid is recycled continuously, or may be an "open loop" system, where the exhaust steam is directly released to the atmosphere, and a separate source of water feeding the boiler is supplied. Normally water is the fluid of choice due to its favourable properties, such as non-toxic and unreactive chemistry, abundance, low cost, and its thermodynamic properties. Mercury is the working fluid in the mercury vapor turbine. Low boiling hydrocarbons can be used in a binary cycle.
Oklahoma City Community College in south Oklahoma City is the second-largest community college in the state. Rose State College is located east of Oklahoma City in suburban Midwest City. Oklahoma State University–Oklahoma City is located in the "Furniture District" on the Westside. Northeast of the city is Langston University, the state's historically black college (HBCU). Langston also has an urban campus in the eastside section of the city. Southern Nazarene University, which was founded by the Church of the Nazarene, is a university located in suburban Bethany, which is surrounded by the Oklahoma City city limits.
Hardwood Dreams is a 1993 basketball sports documentary written, directed and produced by Michael Tollin and narrated by Wesley Snipes. It follows five Morningside High School (MHS) seniors during their last high school basketball season, as they dream of the National Basketball Association (NBA).
In 634, Abu Bakr died and was succeeded by Umar, who continued his own war of conquest. In May 636, Emperor Heraclius launched a major expedition to regain the lost territory, but his army was defeated decisively at the Battle of Yarmouk in August 636. Thereafter, Abu Ubaidah, the Muslim commander - in - chief of the Rashidun army in Syria, held a council of war in early October 636 to discuss future plans. Opinions of objectives varied between the coastal city of Caesarea and Jerusalem. Abu Ubaidah could see the importance of both these cities, which had resisted all Muslim attempts at capture. Unable to decide on the matter, he wrote to Caliph Umar for instructions. In his reply, the caliph ordered them to capture the latter. Accordingly, Abu Ubaidah marched towards Jerusalem from Jabiya, with Khalid ibn Walid and his mobile guard leading the advance. The Muslims arrived at Jerusalem around early November, and the Byzantine garrison withdrew into the fortified city.
KFGY is a commercial radio station licensed to Healdsburg, California, broadcasting to the Santa Rosa, California area on 92.9 FM. Its programming is also broadcast on translator K300AO at 107.9 MHz, licensed to Santa Rosa.
Some topological spaces may be endowed with a group law. In order for the group law and the topology to interweave well, the group operations must be continuous functions, that is, g • h, and g−1 must not vary wildly if g and h vary only little. Such groups are called topological groups, and they are the group objects in the category of topological spaces. The most basic examples are the reals R under addition, (R ∖ {0}, ·), and similarly with any other topological field such as the complex numbers or p-adic numbers. All of these groups are locally compact, so they have Haar measures and can be studied via harmonic analysis. The former offer an abstract formalism of invariant integrals. Invariance means, in the case of real numbers for example:
Jean-Baptiste Clauzel, born in Lavelanet on September 21, 1746 and died in Paris on July 2, 1803, was a French politician. In 1790, he was elected mayor of his hometown. In 1791, his countrymen sent him sit in the Legislative Assembly where he was very discreet. In 1792, he was re-elected to the Convention by the department of Ariege he sided on the Mountain. At the trial of Louis XVI in January 1793, this "royalist" vote the king's death, without suspension ruled against the appeal of the people. He did not vote the impeachment of Jean-Paul Marat while claiming to be "far from approving all the principles of the Revolution espoused by his fanatic friend." Despite his opposition to the Girondins, he vote by MPs maintenance allowances to Members under arrest. His served as a representative on mission to the Army of the Pyrenees (West) from the end of August 1793 when he was recalled to Paris. He was among those who organized the downfall of Maximilien Robespierre. After 9 Thermidor Year II ( 27 July 1794 ) he joined the Committee of General Security, and supported the closing of the Jacobin Clubs. An active Thermidorian, he showed a readiness during the insurrection of the 1st Prairial ( 20 May 1795 ). He denounced and arrested the "last Montagnards and called for the arrest of Bertrand Barrere, Jacques Nicolas Billaud-Varenne and Jean-Marie Collot. Returned to the army of the Pyrenees, he found it disgracefully disorganized and unable to fight.
John Cheever Cowdin (March 17, 1889 - September 16, 1960) was an American financier and polo champion who was a head of Universal Pictures, Standard Capital Corporation of New York City, and was chairman of Ideal Chemicals.
Secretly, Greatly () is a 2013 South Korean action comedy-drama film starring Kim Soo-hyun, Park Ki-woong, and Lee Hyun-woo, who play North Korean spies who infiltrate South Korea as a village idiot, a rock musician, and a high school student, respectively. They assimilate to small town life while awaiting their orders, until one day, due to a sudden power shift in the North, their mission turns out to be an order to commit suicide.
James III of Cyprus (or Jacques III de Lusignan) (6 July 1473 – 26 August 1474) was the only child by the marriage of James II of Cyprus and Catherine Cornaro. He died in mysterious circumstances as an infant, leaving his mother as the last Queen of Cyprus. His death paved the way for Venice to gain control of Cyprus.
Reginald Pole (12 March 1500 -- 17 November 1558) was an English cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and the last Roman Catholic Archbishop of Canterbury, holding the office from 1556 to 1558, during the Counter Reformation.
The Andrew Carpenter House on State Road 1820 in Gaston County, North Carolina, is believed to have been built for Andrew Carpenter shortly after his marriage to Sophia Smith on April 19, 1831. The two-story Federal style plantation house is two rooms deep and has paired chimneys. It is one of the largest early-19th century houses in Gaston County.
, addressed as Sojiro Seta in the English anime, is a fictional character from the "Rurouni Kenshin" manga series created by Nobuhiro Watsuki. He is Shishio Makoto's right-hand man. Sōjirō has been favorably popular with the "Rurouni Kenshin" reader base, placing high in several popularity polls.
This is a list of judges of the Supreme Court of India, the highest court in the Republic of India. The list is ordered according to seniority. There are currently 25 judges (including Chief Justice of India) against a maximum possible strength of 31. As per the Constitution of India, judges of the Supreme Court retire at age 65.
Stiegel was the eldest of six children born to John Frederick and Dorothea Elizabeth Stiegel in the Free Imperial City of Cologne. He immigrated to British North America in 1750 with his mother and younger brother, Anthony (his father and other siblings had died). The Stiegels sailed on a ship known as the "Nancy", and arrived in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on August 31, 1750.
Marcinkus is a one-man play, by American author Tom Flannery based on the life of Roman Catholic Archbishop Paul Marcinkus.
Brinovščica (; in older sources also "Brinošica", ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Sodražica in southern Slovenia. It lies in the Municipality of Ribnica, part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola, and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
Howard Earl "Howie" Williams (October 29, 1927 – December 25, 2004) was an American basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. Williams played collegiately at Purdue University where he was a 2x All-Big Ten guard (1948–49, 1949–50); he was selected as the Purdue team MVP in his junior and senior seasons and as Team Captain in 1949-50; posting a career total of 735 points (10.0 game avg). He led the Big Ten Conference in Free Throw Percentage (85.7%) for the 1948-49 season.
Labanoras Regional Park, established in 1992, is located 80 kilometers northeast of Lithuania's capital, Vilnius. Covering 553 hectares, it is the largest regional park in the country.
The Walhalla Cricket Ground is a landmark in Walhalla, Victoria, Australia. Linked by a walking track from Walhalla Road, the cricket ground is perched at the top of a hill. Because there was a lack of flat ground in the township the mining community, in their spare time, carved the top off the mountain to construct a ground, this work being completed in 1882. It is claimed that the half-hour climb up the hill to reach the ground, in conjunction with the long trip to Walhalla itself, ensured a home advantage.
Kawasaki MULE Kawasaki MULE 3010 Diesel Overview Manufacturer Kawasaki Heavy Industries Motorcycle & Engine Production 1988 -- present Body and chassis Class UTV Body style Open cab utility vehicle
Pontiac Firebird Trans Am Overview Manufacturer General Motors Production 1969 -- 2002 Body and chassis Class Pony car, Muscle car Body style 2 - door convertible 1969, 1987 -- 1989 Pontiac sanctioned special edition, 1991 -- 1992, 1994 -- 2002 2 - door coupe 1969 -- 2002 Layout FR layout Platform F - body
Christianity, Judaism, Zoroastrianism, and the Sunni branch of Islam are officially recognized by the government, and have reserved seats in the Iranian Parliament. But the Bahá'í Faith, which is said to be the largest non-Muslim religious minority in Iran, is not officially recognized, and has been persecuted during its existence in Iran since the 19th century. Since the 1979 Revolution, the persecution of Bahais has increased with executions, the denial of civil rights and liberties, and the denial of access to higher education and employment.
The Jaguar E-Pace is a subcompact luxury crossover SUV produced by the British car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover (JLR). It was officially revealed on 13 July 2017.
Emmaville is an unincorporated community in Hubbard County, Minnesota, United States, half way between Park Rapids and Lake George. The small community is located at the junction of Hubbard County Roads 4 and 24, within Clay Township and Lake Emma Township. Through the years, population estimates have been listed between 4 and 29.
The federal judiciary of the United States is one of the three co-equal branches of the federal government of the United States organized under the United States Constitution and laws of the federal government. Article III of the Constitution requires the establishment of a Supreme Court and permits the Congress to create other federal courts, and place limitations on their jurisdiction. Article III federal judges are appointed by the President with the consent of the Senate to serve until they resign, are impeached and convicted, retire, or die.
Burning Heart Records is an independent record label formed in 1993 in Fagersta, Sweden and currently based in Örebro. It has a close affiliation with Californian label Epitaph Records, who own the rights to distribute Burning Heart's output in North America. It also started a German office in Berlin in the end of 2003.
The Battle of Maroun al-Ras was a battle of the 2006 Lebanon War that took place in Maroun ar-Ras, a small village in southern Lebanon on the border with Israel, and Jall ad-Dayr, a nearby Hizbullah stronghold. This battle was the first serious ground battle in the 2006 Lebanon war. It was fought to a large extent by elite forces on both sides and would have huge consequences for the future of the war. Although Israeli forces captured most of the town, they did not fully secure it.
Johannes van Dam (Amsterdam 9 October 1946 - Amsterdam 18 September 2013) was a Dutch journalist and the country's best-known writer on food. Van Dam wrote a regular column on food for the national daily "Het Parool" for almost 25 years.
"The Lonely" is a song by British Sea Power. The song was the group's third single and their second on Rough Trade. It was their first single to garner much press coverage and resulted in a pleasing chart position. Unusually, the nominal a-side actually features as the flipside on both versions. The main position is taken by "The Spirit of St. Louis", a tale of Charles Lindbergh's flight across the Atlantic. This is still regularly performed live despite it only appearing on this release. The title track was written as a tribute to Geoff Goddard, a friend of the band who wrote the 1960s number-one single, "Johnny Remember Me".
WKHK is a Country formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Colonial Heights, Virginia, serving Richmond and Petersburg in Virginia. WKHK is owned and operated by SummitMedia. The station's studios and offices are located west of Richmond proper in unincorporated Chesterfield County, and its transmitter is located in Bensley, Virginia.
Franklinton Elementary School is a public school for primary education located in Franklinton, North Carolina, United States. The multi-building complex was originally known as B.F. Person-Albion High School, which had educated African-American students, before schools were fully integrated in 1969. This school currently serves pre-kindergarten through 5th grade for students residing in the Franklinton area.
``It's a Jungle Out There ''Song by Randy Newman Released 2003 Genre Jazz Length 1: 49 Songwriter (s) Randy Newman
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series Year Name Show Status Milestone 1970 Gail Fisher Mannix Won First black actress to be nominated in this category. First black actress to win in this category. 1971 Nominated 1972 Nominated 1973 Nominated Madge Sinclair Trapper John, M.D. Nominated 1984 Nominated Alfre Woodard Hill Street Blues Won Second black actress to win in this category. 1985 Madge Sinclair Trapper John, M.D. Nominated 1991 Gabriel's Fire Won Third black actress to win in this category. 1992 Mary Alice I'll Fly Away Nominated 1993 Won Fourth black actress to win in this category. 1997 CCH Pounder ER Nominated Della Reese Touched by an Angel Nominated Gloria Reuben ER Nominated 1998 Della Reese Touched by an Angel Nominated Gloria Reuben ER Nominated 2005 CCH Pounder The Shield Nominated 2006 Chandra Wilson Grey's Anatomy Nominated 2007 Nominated 2008 Nominated 2009 Nominated 2015 Uzo Aduba Orange Is the New Black Won Fifth black actress to win in this category. With this win, she becomes first actress to win for same role in both Comedy and Drama categories. 2017 Nominated Thandie Newton Westworld Nominated Samira Wiley The Handmaid's Tale Nominated
"The Invitations" is the 22nd and final episode of the seventh season of "Seinfeld" and the 134th overall episode. It originally aired on May 16, 1996, and is notable as being the last episode written by co-creator Larry David before he left the series at the end of this season. He did return, however, to write the series finale in 1998. This episode was directed by Andy Ackerman.
Free Imperial Knight Andries de Graeff (19 February 1611 – 30 November 1678) was a very powerful member of the Amsterdam branch of the De Graeff - family during the Dutch Golden Age. He became a mayor of Amsterdam and a powerful Amsterdam regent after the death of his older brother Cornelis de Graeff. Like him and their father Jacob Dircksz de Graeff he opposed the house of Orange. In the mid-17th century he controlled the finances and politics.
The Jardin botanique de Bordeaux (0.5 hectares) is a municipal botanical garden located at Place Bardineau, Bordeaux, Gironde, Aquitaine, France; it is open daily without charge. This historic garden has been recently supplemented by the Jardin botanique de la Bastide, located across the river.
Alhaji Mohamed Kakay is a Sierra Leonean politician who is a member of parliament of Sierra Leone representing his hometown of Koinadugu District, one of the five districts that make up the Northern Province. Kakay is from the Mandingo ethnic group.
The Human Development Index, as defined by the United Nations, is a summary measure of average achievement in key dimensions of human development: a long and healthy life, being knowledgeable and having a decent standard of living. For the Philippines, the HDI increased by 16.5% between 1980 and 2013. The country ranked 117 out of 187 countries in 2013. The HDI in 2013 was 0.660, which implied that the Philippines was under the medium human development group (which needs an HDI of 0.614). The nation's HDI was higher than the average for countries in the medium human development group, but lower than the average of the countries in East Asia and Pacific (0.703).
Lue is one of 13 parishes (administrative divisions) in the Colunga municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
King Dongmyeong of Goguryeo (58 BCE – 19 BCE, r. 37 BCE – 19 BCE) or Dongmyeongseongwang (), which literally means Holy King of the East, also known by his birth name Jumong (), was the founding monarch of the kingdom of Goguryeo, the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea. In the Gwanggaeto Stele, he is called Chumo-wang (King Chumo). In the "Samguk Sagi" and the "Samgungnyusa", he is recorded as Jumong with the surname Go (Hanja: 高). The "Samguk Sagi" states that he was also known as Chumo or Sanghae (). The name is also transcribed in other records as Chumong (), Jungmo ( or ), or Domo ().
After graduating from Oak Hills High School, Wegman was drafted by the Milwaukee Brewers in the 5th round of the 1981 amateur draft, where he played throughout his entire eleven-year career, ending October 1, 1995. Wegman won a career-high 15 games in 1991, with a 2.84 earned run average. He earned a peak salary of USD$2,375,000 a year from 1992 to 1995. In 1983, Wegman won the Ray Scarborough Award as the Brewers' Minor League Player of the Year.
AC radio stations may play mainstream music, but they will exclude hip hop, dance tracks, hard rock, and some forms of teen pop, as they are less popular amongst the target demographic of these radio stations, which is intended for an adult audience. AC radio often targets the 25–44 age group, the demographic that has received the most attention from advertisers since the 1960s. A common practice in recent years is that many adult contemporary stations play less newer music because they also give ample airtime to hits of the past, so the de-emphasis on new songs slows the progression of the AC chart.
Herodotus is neither a mere gatherer of data nor a simple teller of tales -- he is both. While Herodotus is certainly concerned with giving accurate accounts of events, this does not preclude for him the insertion of powerful mythological elements into his narrative, elements which will aid him in expressing the truth of matters under his study. Thus to understand what Herodotus is doing in the Histories, we must not impose strict demarcations between the man as mythologist and the man as historian, or between the work as myth and the work as history. As James Romm has written, Herodotus worked under a common ancient Greek cultural assumption that the way events are remembered and retold (e.g. in myths or legends) produces a valid kind of understanding, even when this retelling is not entirely factual. For Herodotus, then, it takes both myth and history to produce truthful understanding.
Gerrit de Hooch was a 17th-century Dutch painter of italianate landscapes, who lived and worked in The Hague (the Netherlands).
Piper Elizabeth Chapman is a fictional character (played by Taylor Schilling) and the protagonist of the Netflix series Orange Is the New Black. She is based on Piper Kerman, author of the non-fiction book Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison, upon which the series is based. Schilling was nominated for awards in both comedy and drama categories for this role.
The upgrade addressed a number of criticisms faced by Windows 8 upon its release, with additional customization options for the Start screen, the restoration of a visible Start button on the desktop, the ability to snap up to four apps on a single display, and the ability to boot to the desktop instead of the Start screen. Windows 8's stock apps were also updated, a new Bing-based unified search system was added, SkyDrive was given deeper integration with the operating system, and a number of new stock apps, along with a tutorial, were added. Windows 8.1 also added support for 3D printing, Miracast media streaming, NFC printing, and Wi-Fi Direct.
Some scholars note that Tibetan leaders during the Ming frequently engaged in civil war and conducted their own foreign diplomacy with neighboring states such as Nepal. Some scholars underscore the commercial aspect of the Ming-Tibetan relationship, noting the Ming dynasty's shortage of horses for warfare and thus the importance of the horse trade with Tibet. Others argue that the significant religious nature of the relationship of the Ming court with Tibetan lamas is underrepresented in modern scholarship. In hopes of reviving the unique relationship of the earlier Mongol leader Kublai Khan (r. 1260–1294) and his spiritual superior Drogön Chögyal Phagpa (1235–1280) of the Sakya school of Tibetan Buddhism, the Yongle Emperor (r. 1402–1424) made a concerted effort to build a secular and religious alliance with Deshin Shekpa (1384–1415), the Karmapa of the Karma Kagyu school. However, the Yongle Emperor's attempts were unsuccessful.
Glenfield is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Glenfield is located 36 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district, in the local government areas of the City of Campbelltown and is part of the Outer Rim Territories.
Jean Lannes, 1st Duc de Montebello, Prince de Siewierz (10 April 1769 – 31 May 1809), was a Marshal of the Empire. He was one of Napoleon's most daring and talented generals. Napoleon once commented on Lannes: ""I found him a pygmy and left him a giant"". A personal friend of the emperor, he was allowed to address him with the familiar "tu", as opposed to the formal "vous".
The Vision ConnectedDrive is a two-seater sports car concept built by BMW featuring new advanced driver assistance aids. It had its world premiere at the 2011 Geneva Motor Show. Unlike previously named Vision concept cars, BMW has no intention to build this vehicle, but to show off its latest design and technology developments.
The views of Ali Shariati, ideologue of the Iranian Revolution, had resemblance with Mohammad Iqbal, ideological father of the State of Pakistan, but Khomeini's beliefs is perceived to be placed somewhere between beliefs of Sunni Islamic thinkers like Mawdudi and Qutb. He believed that complete imitation of the Prophet Mohammad and his successors such as Ali for restoration of Sharia law was essential to Islam, that many secular, Westernizing Muslims were actually agents of the West serving Western interests, and that the acts such as "plundering" of Muslim lands was part of a long-term conspiracy against Islam by the Western governments.
S-Fone is a mobile communication operator in Vietnam that uses the CDMA technology. Founded on 1 July 2003 in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, S-fone became the third network of Vietnam, breaking the duopoly of the two VNPT operators. It is the trademark of S-Telecom (CDMA Mobile Phone Centre) (set up as a joint venture between Saigon Postel Corp. (SPT) and Korea SK Telecom). SK Telecom decided to leave the partnership in 2010. SPT has since then found it difficult to find a new partner, after a co-operation with Saigon Tel failed.
Plymouth is the regional television centre of BBC South West. A team of journalists are headquartered at Plymouth for the ITV West Country regional station, after a merger with ITV West forced ITV Westcountry to close on 16 February 2009. The main local newspapers serving Plymouth are The Herald and Western Morning News with Radio Plymouth , BBC Radio Devon, Heart South West , and Pirate FM being the main local radio stations.
He was born in Niihama, Ehime. After graduating from high school on March 1955, he started working at a factory in Osaka making car parts but quit after only ten months. He studied manga via a mail-offered course and wrote to various manga magazines. In 1958 came his first commercially printed work "Fukumenhakushi" (覆面博士) and he began his career as a manga artist.
The Canadian Tire guy is a character played by actor Ted Simonett in a series of television commercials for Canadian Tire stores that ran for eight years. The character typically touted the features and benefits of products unique to Canadian Tire in a friendly, helpful everyday scenario.
St Senan's are a Gaelic Athletic Association Gaelic football club from just outside Listowel in North County Kerry, Ireland. They play North Kerry Division 1, County League Division 3 and Premier Junior Championship Football. They won the Kerry Junior Football Championship in 1985 & 1996.
Mud Bay is a census-designated place (CDP) in Haines Borough, Alaska, United States. At the 2010 census the population was 212, up from 137 at the 2000 census.
L.E.G.I.O.N. is a science fiction comic book created by Keith Giffen, Bill Mantlo and Todd McFarlane and published by DC Comics. The principal subject of the comic book is a team of fictional extraterrestrial superheroes. The characters first appeared in "Invasion!" #1 (December 1988). The original series chronicled the formation and activity of an interplanetary police force whose mission was to act as a peace-keeping force in their galaxy.
The song is also sung at association football clubs around the world, where it is performed by a massed chorus of supporters on matchday; this tradition began at Liverpool F.C. after the chart success of the 1963 single of the song by the local Liverpool group Gerry and the Pacemakers.
"Cash in the Attic" ran each weekday morning on BBC One, usually at 11:30. "Cash in the Celebrity Attic" ran on weekday afternoons on BBC Two, usually at 17:15.
LiteStep is a Windows Shell replacement for Windows 9x and up, licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL).
Iron Man 3 (stylized onscreen as Iron Man Three) is a 2013 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to 2008's Iron Man and 2010's Iron Man 2, and the seventh film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film was directed by Shane Black from a screenplay he co-wrote with Drew Pearce, and stars Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man, alongside Gwyneth Paltrow, Don Cheadle, Guy Pearce, Rebecca Hall, Stephanie Szostak, James Badge Dale, Jon Favreau, and Ben Kingsley. In Iron Man 3, Tony Stark deals with posttraumatic stress disorder caused by the events of The Avengers, while investigating a string of terrorist attacks led by the mysterious Mandarin, and comes into a conflict with an old enemy: Aldrich Killian.
Tina Marie Majorino (/ meɪdʒoʊˈriːnoʊ /; born February 7, 1985) is an American film and television actress. She started her career as a child actor, starring in films such as Andre, When a Man Loves a Woman, Corrina, Corrina, and Waterworld.
Highway to Heaven is an American television drama series that ran on NBC from 1984 to 1989. The series aired for five seasons, running a total of 111 episodes. The series starred Michael Landon as Jonathan Smith, and Victor French—-Landon's co-star from "Little House on the Prairie"-—as Mark Gordon. Jonathan is an angel who has been stripped of his wings and is now "on probation", sent to Earth. He meets Mark, a retired policeman now bouncing from job to job. At first distrustful of Jonathan, Mark comes to realize his true nature and is then given a job: to assist Jonathan in helping troubled people on Earth. Jonathan and Mark are given assignments by "The Boss" (i.e. God), where they are required to use their humanity to help various troubled souls overcome their problems.
The Devil's Rejects is a 2005 American horror film written and directed by Rob Zombie, and the sequel to his 2003 film "House of 1000 Corpses". The film is centered on the run of three members of the psychopathic antagonist family from the previous film, now seen as villainous protagonists, with Sid Haig, Bill Moseley, and Zombie's wife Sheri Moon Zombie reprising their roles, with Leslie Easterbrook replacing Karen Black as the matriarch.
Star Voyager is an outer space shooter for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The gameplay is a first-person shooter from inside the cockpit of a spaceship. The player navigates "sub spaces" of a larger "world map." Gameplay takes place between different subspaces.
Parisienne Walkways: The Blues Collection is a 2003 compilation album of containing performances of blues songs by the blues-rock guitarist and vocalist Gary Moore. It is a companion piece to "Back on the Streets: The Rock Collection", released at the same time.
Ventanarosa is a production company formally founded by Salma Hayek in 1999. Its Spanish language translation literally means "rose-colored window" or "pink window."
The West Coast or Pacific Coast is the coastline along which the contiguous Western United States meets the North Pacific Ocean. As a region, this term most often refers to the coastal states of California, Oregon and Washington. More specifically, it refers to an area defined on the east by the Cascade Range, Sierra Nevada and Mojave Desert, and on the west by the Pacific Ocean. The U.S. Census groups the five states of California, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and Hawaii together as the Pacific States division.
The Jackson family is an American family of singers who originated in Gary, Indiana. Performing as members of The Jackson 5 and as solo artists, the children of Joseph Walter and Katherine Esther Jackson were very successful in the field of popular music from the late 1960s onwards. As a group, the eldest sons Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, Michael, and later with the inclusion of Randy made the family's reputation, facilitating the subsequent success of siblings Rebbie, La Toya, and Janet. The Jackson 5 became known as the ``First Family of Soul ''(a title first held by the Five Stairsteps). The continued success of Michael and Janet's careers as solo artists led the Jacksons to become known as the`` Royal Family of Pop''. All nine of the Jackson siblings have gold records to their credits with La Toya holding the distinction of being the first Jackson sister to attain one (awarded by France's SNEP for ``Reggae Night '', a song she co-wrote for Jimmy Cliff).
Large numbers of Bolivian highland peasants retained indigenous language, culture, customs, and communal organization throughout the Spanish conquest and the post-independence period. They mobilized to resist various attempts at the dissolution of communal landholdings and used legal recognition of "empowered caciques" to further communal organization. Indigenous revolts took place frequently until 1953. While the National Revolutionary Movement government begun in 1952 discouraged self-identification as indigenous (reclassifying rural people as campesinos, or peasants), renewed ethnic and class militancy re-emerged in the Katarista movement beginning in the 1970s. Lowland indigenous peoples, mostly in the east, entered national politics through the 1990 March for Territory and Dignity organized by the CIDOB confederation. That march successfully pressured the national government to sign the ILO Convention 169 and to begin the still-ongoing process of recognizing and titling indigenous territories. The 1994 Law of Popular Participation granted "grassroots territorial organizations" that are recognized by the state certain rights to govern local areas.
The Annunciation is a painting by Fra Filippo Lippi hung in the Martelli Chapel in the left transept of the Basilica di San Lorenzo, Florence, Italy. There are several paintings by Lippi of this same name.
Communications of the ACM is the monthly journal of the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM). It was established in 1958, with Saul Rosen as its first managing editor. It is sent to all ACM members.
Ah Via Musicom is the third studio album by guitarist Eric Johnson, released in 1990 through Capitol Records. The album reached No. 67 on the U.S. "Billboard" 200 and remained on that chart for 60 weeks. All four singles charted on "Billboard"'s Mainstream Rock chart, with three of them being top 10 hits: "High Landrons" at No. 31, "Righteous" at No. 8, "Cliffs of Dover" at No. 5 and "Trademark" at No. 7. "Cliffs of Dover" went on to win the Award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 1992 Grammys.
Shanti Enathu Shanti (lit. Shanti My Shanti) is a Tamil film released in 1991, written, directed and produced by T. Rajendar. Rajender himself appeared in the title role, with Radha, while the film featured an extensive cast, which also featured Rajendar's real life children, along with a bevy of supporting actors. The film was released on 18 April 1991.
Birchwood Mall is an enclosed shopping mall located in Fort Gratiot Township, outside the city of Port Huron, Michigan, United States. It is owned and managed by Brookfield Properties Retail Group, the second-largest mall owner in the United States. The Mall features more than 100 stores, a ten-screen movie theater run by AMC Theatres, and a food court. JCPenney and Target are the mall's anchor stores, with three vacant anchors last occupied by Carson's, Macy's, and Sears. The mall is located on 24th Avenue (M-25), north of Interstate 69 (I-69) and I-94.
Melrose is an unincorporated community in Stone County, Arkansas, United States. Melrose is located on Arkansas Highway 14, west of Batesville. The Walter Gray House, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in Melrose.
Jesus Egg That Wept is the second solo album by Danielle Dax, an English experimental musician and former member of The Lemon Kittens. It was originally recorded and released in 1984 on the Awesome Records label. The album was re-released in 1993 on the Biter Of Thorpe label (BOT131-02CD) and distributed through World Serpent Distribution.
The Act Prohibiting Importation of Slaves of 1807 (2 Stat. 426, enacted March 2, 1807) is a United States federal law that stated that no new slaves were permitted to be imported into the United States. It took effect in 1808, the earliest date permitted by the United States Constitution.
Cameron Shepherd (born 30 March 1984, Windsor, England) is an Australian rugby union footballer. He notably played for the Western Force in the international Super Rugby competition. His usual position is at fullback or wing.
The Julian P. Kanter Political Commercial Archive at the University of Oklahoma is a depository for political television and radio commercials. The purpose of the archive is to preserve these materials while making them available for research. The Julian P. Kanter Political Commercial Archive has been designated an official project by Save America's Treasures.
ATS - 6 (Applications Technology Satellite - 6) was a NASA experimental satellite, built by Fairchild Space and Electronics Division It has been called the world's first educational satellite as well as world's first experimental Direct Broadcast Satellite as part of the Satellite Instructional Television Experiment between NASA and Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). It was launched May 30, 1974, and decommissioned July 1979. At the time of launch, it was the most powerful telecommunication satellite in orbit. ATS - 6 carried no fewer than 23 different experiments, and introduced several breakthroughs. It was the first 3 - axis stabilized spacecraft in geostationary orbit. It was also the first to use experimentally with some success electric propulsion in geostationary orbit. It also carried several particle physics experiments, including the first heavy ion detector in geostationary orbit.
The London congestion charge is a fee charged on most motor vehicles operating within the Congestion Charge Zone (CCZ) in Central London between 07: 00 and 18: 00 Mondays to Fridays. It is not charged on weekends, public holidays or between Christmas Day and New Year's Day (inclusive). The charge was introduced on 17 February 2003. As of 2017, the London charge zone remains as one of the largest congestion charge zones in the world, despite the cancellation of the Western Extension which operated between February 2007 and January 2011. The charge aims to reduce high traffic flow in the central area and raise investment funds for London's transport system.
Thus, in less than twenty years, Rome had destroyed the power of one of the successor states, crippled another, and firmly entrenched its influence over Greece. This was primarily a result of the over-ambition of the Macedonian kings, and their unintended provocation of Rome; though Rome was quick to exploit the situation. In another twenty years, the Macedonian kingdom was no more. Seeking to re-assert Macedonian power and Greek independence, Philip V's son Perseus incurred the wrath of the Romans, resulting in the Third Macedonian War (171–168 BC). Victorious, the Romans abolished the Macedonian kingdom, replacing it with four puppet republics; these lasted a further twenty years before Macedon was formally annexed as a Roman province (146 BC) after yet another rebellion under Andriscus. Rome now demanded that the Achaean League, the last stronghold of Greek independence, be dissolved. The Achaeans refused and declared war on Rome. Most of the Greek cities rallied to the Achaeans' side, even slaves were freed to fight for Greek independence. The Roman consul Lucius Mummius advanced from Macedonia and defeated the Greeks at Corinth, which was razed to the ground. In 146 BC, the Greek peninsula, though not the islands, became a Roman protectorate. Roman taxes were imposed, except in Athens and Sparta, and all the cities had to accept rule by Rome's local allies.
The stated clauses of the Nazi-Soviet non-aggression pact were a guarantee of non-belligerence by each party towards the other, and a written commitment that neither party would ally itself to, or aid, an enemy of the other party. In addition to stipulations of non-aggression, the treaty included a secret protocol that divided territories of Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, and Finland into German and Soviet "spheres of influence", anticipating potential "territorial and political rearrangements" of these countries. Thereafter, Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939. After the Soviet–Japanese ceasefire agreement took effect on 16 September, Stalin ordered his own invasion of Poland on 17 September. Part of southeastern (Karelia) and Salla region in Finland were annexed by the Soviet Union after the Winter War. This was followed by Soviet annexations of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and parts of Romania (Bessarabia, Northern Bukovina, and the Hertza region). Concern about ethnic Ukrainians and Belarusians had been proffered as justification for the Soviet invasion of Poland. Stalin's invasion of Bukovina in 1940 violated the pact, as it went beyond the Soviet sphere of influence agreed with the Axis.
The Feminine Mystique is a book written by Betty Friedan which is widely credited with sparking the beginning of second - wave feminism in the United States. It was published on February 19, 1963 by W.W. Norton.
"Ceremonies of Light and Dark" is the eleventh episode from the third season of the science fiction television series "Babylon 5".
The Times faced financial extinction in 1890 under Arthur Fraser Walter, but it was rescued by an energetic editor, Charles Frederic Moberly Bell. During his tenure (1890–1911), The Times became associated with selling the Encyclopædia Britannica using aggressive American marketing methods introduced by Horace Everett Hooper and his advertising executive, Henry Haxton. Due to legal fights between the Britannica's two owners, Hooper and Walter Montgomery Jackson, The Times severed its connection in 1908 and was bought by pioneering newspaper magnate, Alfred Harmsworth, later Lord Northcliffe.
Jagiellonian Library (, popular nickname "Jagiellonka") is the library of the Jagiellonian University in Kraków and with almost 6.7 million volumes, one of the largest libraries in Poland, serving as a public library, university library and part of the Polish national library system. It has a large collection of medieval manuscripts, for example Copernicus' "De Revolutionibus" and Jan Długosz's "Banderia Prutenorum", and a large collection of underground literature (so-called "drugi obieg" or samizdat) from the period of communist rule in Poland (1945–1989). The Jagiellonian also houses the "Berlinka" art collection, whose legal status is in dispute with Germany.
The Dutch Reformed Church (in Dutch: Nederlandse Hervormde Kerk or NHK) was the largest Christian denomination in the Netherlands from the onset of the Protestant Reformation until 1930. It was the foremost Protestant denomination, and -- since 1892 -- one of the two major Reformed denominations along with the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands.
Lords of the Fallen is an action role-playing video game developed by Deck13 Interactive and CI Games. It was released in October 2014 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and Microsoft Windows. A mobile version of the game, which features one-to-one swipe combat controls, was released on February 9, 2017 for iOS and Android, as a paid game with in-app purchases.
The Dudypta River () is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai in Russia, a right tributary of the Pyasina River. The river is long, and its drainage basin covers . The Dudypta River originates from Lake Makar (Dudypta Lakes) and flows over the central part of the North Siberian Plain. The river is navigable for upstream from its estuary.
The naval Battle of Ponta Delgada, "Battle of São Miguel" or specifically the "Battle of Vila Franca do Campo" took place on 26 July 1582, off the coast of the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores, during the War of the Portuguese Succession. A combined corsair expedition, mainly French (an Anglo-French fleet with Portuguese forces included), sailed against a Spanish naval force made up of Portuguese and Castilian ships, to preserve control of the Azores under pretender António, Prior of Crato and to defend the islands from incorporation into the Iberian Union—the largest French force sent overseas before the age of Louis XIV.
The Drew Carey Show premiered in 1995 and soon become known for its elaborate song and dance numbers, which were developed in a bid to increase ratings. On April 27, 1998, a reporter for MTV.com announced that an album featuring several of the songs used in the show would be released the following month. The album consists of 24 tracks by artists such as Joe Walsh, Little Richard and Iggy Pop, as well as songs sung by Drew Carey. Songs incorporated into the episodes ``New York and Queens ''and`` The Dog and Pony Show'' are present on the album, while two versions of ``Cleveland Rocks ''are included, one by the original artist, Ian Hunter, and the other by The Presidents of the United States of America, which was used as the show's theme tune from 1997 to 2004. The other two theme tunes`` Moon Over Parma'' and ``Five O'Clock World ''are also on the album.
The National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM), located in Mexico City, is the largest university on the continent, with more than 300,000 students from all backgrounds. Three Nobel laureates, several Mexican entrepreneurs and most of Mexico's modern-day presidents are among its former students. UNAM conducts 50% of Mexico's scientific research and has presence all across the country with satellite campuses, observatories and research centres. UNAM ranked 74th in the Top 200 World University Ranking published by Times Higher Education (then called Times Higher Education Supplement) in 2006, making it the highest ranked Spanish-speaking university in the world. The sprawling main campus of the university, known as Ciudad Universitaria, was named a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 2007.
Jacques Pills (7 January 1906, Tulle, France — 12 September 1970) was a French singer and actor, born René Jacques Ducos. His impresario was Bruno Coquatrix. In 1959, Pills was the Monegasque entrant at the Eurovision Song Contest 1959 with the song "Mon ami Pierrot". The song ended last, in eleventh place and got only one point.
The mascot of Northwestern Athletics is Willie the Wildcat. The first mascot, however, was a live, caged bear cub from the Lincoln Park Zoo named Furpaw who was brought to the playing field on the day of a game to greet the fans. But after a losing season, the team, deciding that Furpaw was to blame for its misfortune, banished him from campus forever. Willie the Wildcat made his debut in 1933 first as a logo, and then in three dimensions in 1947, when members of the Alpha Delta fraternity dressed as wildcats during a Homecoming Parade. The Northwestern University Marching Band (NUMB) performs at all home football games and leads cheers in the student section and performs the Alma Mater at the end of the game.
The region is serviced by 4,200 km (2,600 mi) of roads used by 6 million vehicles. Train travel is well established in the Alps, with, for instance 120 km (75 mi) of track for every 1,000 km2 (390 sq mi) in a country such as Switzerland. Most of Europe's highest railways are located there. Moreover, plans are underway to build a 57 km (35 mi)-long sub-alpine tunnel connecting the older Lötschberg and Gotthard tunnels built in the 19th century.
The area of modern - day Saudi Arabia formerly consisted of four distinct regions: Hejaz, Najd and parts of Eastern Arabia (Al - Ahsa) and Southern Arabia ('Asir). The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was founded in 1932 by Ibn Saud. He united the four regions into a single state through a series of conquests beginning in 1902 with the capture of Riyadh, the ancestral home of his family, the House of Saud. Saudi Arabia has since been an absolute monarchy, effectively a hereditary dictatorship governed along Islamic lines. The ultraconservative Wahhabi religious movement within Sunni Islam has been called ``the predominant feature of Saudi culture '', with its global spread largely financed by the oil and gas trade. Saudi Arabia is sometimes called`` the Land of the Two Holy Mosques'' in reference to Al - Masjid al - Haram (in Mecca) and Al - Masjid an - Nabawi (in Medina), the two holiest places in Islam. As of 2013, the state had a total population of 28.7 million, of which 20 million were Saudi nationals and 8 million were foreigners. As of 2017, the population is 33 million. The state's official language is Arabic.
``You're the Best Thing That Ever Happened To Me ''-- also known simply as`` Best Thing That Ever Happened To Me'' -- is a song written by Jim Weatherly, and enjoyed two runs of popularity, each by an artist in a different genre.
MLB Tonight is the signature program that airs on MLB Network and is simulcast on MLB Network Radio. The show offers complete coverage of all Major League Baseball games from 6pm ET till 1am ET during the regular season, and gives news from all 30 MLB teams during the offseason. It is taped live in Studio 3 of the MLB Network facility in Secaucus, New Jersey, but also features segments taped in Studio 42. The program aired from the beginning of Spring Training to the end of the World Series and was replaced in the offseason by "Hot Stove", until it started to air in the offseason, and "Hot Stove" became MLB Network's weekday morning show. The show won the Sports Emmy Award for best Daily Outstanding Studio Show for 2010, 2011, 2012, 2014 and 2015.
After the Communist Party of China took power in 1949, the flag of China became a red flag with a large star symbolizing the Communist Party, and smaller stars symbolizing workers, peasants, the urban middle class and rural middle class. The flag of the Communist Party of China became a red banner with a hammer and sickle, similar to that on the Soviet flag. In the 1950s and 1960s, other Communist regimes such as Vietnam and Laos also adopted red flags. Some Communist countries, such as Cuba, chose to keep their old flags; and other countries used red flags which had nothing to do with Communism or socialism; the red flag of Nepal, for instance, represents the national flower.
Memorial Day or Decoration Day is a federal holiday in the United States for remembering the people who died while serving in the country's armed forces. The holiday, which is currently observed every year on the last Monday of May, was held on May 29, 2017. The holiday was held on May 30 from 1868 to 1970. It marks the start of the unofficial summer vacation season, while Labor Day marks its end.
A 2010 study on Jewish ancestry by Atzmon-Ostrer et al. stated "Two major groups were identified by principal component, phylogenetic, and identity by descent (IBD) analysis: Middle Eastern Jews and European/Syrian Jews. The IBD segment sharing and the proximity of European Jews to each other and to southern European populations suggested similar origins for European Jewry and refuted large-scale genetic contributions of Central and Eastern European and Slavic populations to the formation of Ashkenazi Jewry", as both groups – the Middle Eastern Jews and European/Syrian Jews – shared common ancestors in the Middle East about 2500 years ago. The study examines genetic markers spread across the entire genome and shows that the Jewish groups (Ashkenazi and non Ashkenazi) share large swaths of DNA, indicating close relationships and that each of the Jewish groups in the study (Iranian, Iraqi, Syrian, Italian, Turkish, Greek and Ashkenazi) has its own genetic signature but is more closely related to the other Jewish groups than to their fellow non-Jewish countrymen. Atzmon's team found that the SNP markers in genetic segments of 3 million DNA letters or longer were 10 times more likely to be identical among Jews than non-Jews. Results of the analysis also tally with biblical accounts of the fate of the Jews. The study also found that with respect to non-Jewish European groups, the population most closely related to Ashkenazi Jews are modern-day Italians. The study speculated that the genetic-similarity between Ashkenazi Jews and Italians may be due to inter-marriage and conversions in the time of the Roman Empire. It was also found that any two Ashkenazi Jewish participants in the study shared about as much DNA as fourth or fifth cousins.
Flatford is a small hamlet close to East Bergholt in Suffolk. It is most famous for Flatford Mill, Willy Lott's Cottage and Bridge Cottage, immortalised in the paintings of John Constable.
Producer Frank Marshall said Universal Pictures is hoping to plan a sequel to Jason Bourne, making it the sixth Bourne film. He also stated that a sequel to The Bourne Legacy featuring Renner's Cross is unlikely although he did not explicitly rule it out. However, in March 2017, Matt Damon cast doubt upon a sequel, hinting that people ``might be done ''with the character.
After these reversals of fortune, which saw Seoul change hands four times, the last two years of fighting became a war of attrition, with the front line close to the 38th parallel. The war in the air, however, was never a stalemate. North Korea was subject to a massive bombing campaign. Jet fighters confronted each other in air - to - air combat for the first time in history, and Soviet pilots covertly flew in defense of their communist allies.
The Palacio de Gobierno, or the Government Palace of Nuevo León, is a state government building in Monterrey, the capital city of Nuevo León state, in northern Mexico.
Elephant seals spend up to 80% of their lives in the ocean. They can hold their breath for more than 100 minutes -- longer than any other noncetacean mammal. Elephant seals dive to 1,550 m beneath the ocean's surface (the deepest recorded dive of an elephant seal is 2,388 m (7,835 ft) by a southern elephant seal). The average depth of their dives is about 300 to 600 m (980 to 1,970 ft), typically for around 20 minutes for females and 60 minutes for males, as they search for their favorite foods, which are skates, rays, squid, octopuses, eels, small sharks and large fish. Their stomachs also often contain gastroliths. They spend only brief amounts of time at the surface to rest in between dives (2 - 3 minutes). Females tend to dive a bit deeper due to their prey source.
Hero of Socialist Labour () was an honorary title in Albania and other Warsaw Pact countries. It was the highest degree of distinction for exceptional achievements in national economy and culture. It provided a similar status to the title People's Hero of Albania that was awarded for heroic deeds, but unlike the latter, was awarded to citizens who contributed to the development of Albania's industry, agriculture, transportation, trade, science and technology and promoted the might and the glory of Albania.
A shamal (, 'north') is a northwesterly wind blowing over Iraq and the Persian Gulf states (including Saudi Arabia and Kuwait), often strong during the day, but decreasing at night. This weather effect occurs anywhere from once to several times a year, mostly in summer but sometimes in winter. The resulting wind typically creates large sandstorms that impact Iraq, most sand having been picked up from Jordan and Syria.
The first CEMS Social Partners joined the organisation in December 2010. These are the first in a series of non-profits and NGOs that contribute to the alliance in a way identical to Corporate Partners (selection and admission of students, governance, curriculum delivery, proposal of internships and employment opportunities). This new initiative is part of a major sustainability drive from within CEMS. In the same vein, CEMS has also signed the PRME (Principles for Responsible Management Education) declaration.
The Gambia Women's National Football Team represents the Gambia in international football competition. The team, however, has not competed in a match recognised by FIFA, the sport's international governing body, despite that organised women's football has been played in the country since 1998. The Gambia has two youth teams, an under-17 side that has competed in FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup qualifiers, and an under-19 side that withdrew from regional qualifiers for an under-19 World Cup. The development of a national team faces challenges similar to those across Africa, although the national football association has four staff members focusing on women's football.
The song's music video was filmed as a two - part story with ``It's Like That '', which featured Carey at her bachelorette party. The video for`` We Belong Together'' is a continuation focusing on Carey's wedding to an older and powerful man and ends with the singer eloping with her ex-lover. Rumors arose of the video's connection to her 1993 marriage to Tommy Mottola. Carey performed the song on several award shows and television appearances around the world, namely MTV Movie Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, Macy's Fourth of July Parade, The Oprah Winfrey Show and the 48th Grammy Awards. In Europe the song was performed at the Live 8 charity concert, the Fashion Rocks in Monaco, and the German Bambi Awards. Carey performed the song on both her Adventures of Mimi and Angels Advocate Tours.
Whose Line Is It Anyway? (often known as simply Whose Line?) is an improvisational comedy television show, an adaptation of the British show of the same name. It aired on ABC and ABC Family from August 5, 1998 to December 15, 2007, hosted by Drew Carey. A revival of the show, hosted by Aisha Tyler, began airing on The CW on July 16, 2013.
Mälartorget () is a public square in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden, named after its location on the western waterfront of the old town facing Lake Mälaren. Connected to the square are the streets and alleys Munkbrogatan, Schönfeldts Gränd, Tyska Brinken, and Lejonstedts Gränd, while the traffic route Munkbroleden separates its from the quay. The main exit of the Gamla stan metro station is located on Mälartorget.
Baker was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers in the 3rd round (39th pick overall) of the 1975 NBA Draft, and played for the Kentucky Colonels in the American Basketball Association for 5 games during the 1975-76 ABA season.
East Stone Gap is an unincorporated community in Wise County, Virginia, United States. East Stone Gap is an eastern suburb of Big Stone Gap; U.S. Route 23 separates the two settlements. East Stone Gap has a post office with ZIP code 24246.
Ebba Stenbock was the daughter of riksråd and Brita Eriksdotter Leijonhufvud, and the sister of Queen Catherine Stenbock. She was the niece of Queen Margareta Leijonhufvud, and thereby the cousin of the royal children of that marriage, including the future John III of Sweden and Charles IX of Sweden. In 1573, she married Clas Eriksson Fleming in the house of her sister, the Queen Dowager in Stockholm, and moved with him to Finland. She had three children during her marriage: the daughters Katarina, Hebla and Margareta, and her son Johan Fleming. In 1594, her spouse was appointed Governor-General of Finland.
Clarabelle Cow is a Disney fictional character within the Mickey Mouse universe of characters. Clarabelle Cow was created by Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks in 1928. Clarabelle is one of Minnie Mouse's best friends and is usually depicted as the girlfriend of Horace Horsecollar, although she has also been paired with Goofy occasionally (especially in the Super Goof comic book series). Clarabelle has remained a supporting character in the United States; only in Italy has she been treated as a major character.
Airplay was a short-lived American band, formed by David Foster and Jay Graydon. The band released a self-titled album in 1980, containing "Nothin' You Can Do About It" (originally recorded by The Manhattan Transfer) and a cover of the Earth, Wind & Fire hit "After the Love Has Gone", written by Foster and Graydon with Bill Champlin.
At age four, Hannigan began appearing in commercials. She moved to Hollywood at age 11.Living with her mother and attending North Hollywood High School, she successfully auditioned for agents while visiting her father in Santa Barbara. After attending North Hollywood High School, she attended California State University, Northridge, where she was a member of the Alpha Chi Omega sorority and earned a degree in psychology.Hannigan's first major film role was in My Stepmother Is an Alien, a science-fiction comedy released in 1988; one of her co-stars in the film was actor Seth Green, who later joined her in the regular cast of Buffy as her on-screen boyfriend. In 1989, her first regular role on a TV series came when she was cast in the short-lived ABC sitcom Free Spirit. As a teenager, Hannigan babysat for the children of her future How I Met Your Mother costar, Bob Saget.
"Crying in the Rain" is a song written by Howard Greenfield and Carole King and originally recorded by The Everly Brothers. The single peaked at #6 on the U.S. pop charts in 1962.
HX 228 was a North Atlantic convoy of the HX series which ran during the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II. It was one of a series of four convoy battles that occurred during the crisis month of March 1943 and is notable for the loss of the Escort Group leader Commander AA "Harry" Tait.
As of the 2010 Census, the estimated population of the Census Bureau's Pacific Region was approximately 47.8 million (56.9 million if Nevada and Arizona are included) -- about 15.3% (18.2% with Nevada and Arizona) of US population. The largest city on the west coast of the United States is Los Angeles.
Jada Pinkett Smith as Gloria, a strong, confident, but sweet hippopotamus. McGrath said that they found all these traits in Pinkett Smith's voice, when they listened to her.
After the Dambusters raid in 1943 an entirely new system was developed that was required to knock down any low-flying aircraft with a single hit. The first attempt to produce such a system used a 50 mm gun, but this proved inaccurate and a new 55 mm gun replaced it. The system used a centralised control system including both search and targeting radar, which calculated the aim point for the guns after considering windage and ballistics, and then sent electrical commands to the guns, which used hydraulics to point themselves at high speeds. Operators simply fed the guns and selected the targets. This system, modern even by today's standards, was in late development when the war ended.
Miami is a major television production center, and the most important city in the U.S. for Spanish language media. Univisión, Telemundo and UniMÁS have their headquarters in Miami, along with their production studios. The Telemundo Television Studios produces much of the original programming for Telemundo, such as their telenovelas and talk shows. In 2011, 85% of Telemundo's original programming was filmed in Miami. Miami is also a major music recording center, with the Sony Music Latin and Universal Music Latin Entertainment headquarters in the city, along with many other smaller record labels. The city also attracts many artists for music video and film shootings.
It was discovered by the Felix Aguilar Observatory at Leoncito Astronomical Complex, Argentina, on 17 June 1974. It orbits the Sun in the central main-belt at a distance of 2.0–3.1 AU once every 4 years and 1 month (1,492 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.20 and an inclination of 7° with respect to the ecliptic.
The choice of whether to use daylight saving time (DST) in Australia is a matter for the individual states and territories. However, during World War I and World War II all states and territories had daylight saving. In 1968 Tasmania became the first state since the war to practise daylight saving. In 1971, New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, South Australia, and the Australian Capital Territory followed Tasmania by observing daylight saving. Western Australia and the Northern Territory did not. Queensland abandoned daylight saving time in 1972. Queensland and Western Australia have observed daylight saving over the past 40 years from time to time on trial bases.
Celebrity Big Brother also known as Big Brother: Celebrity Edition is a spin - off series of the American reality television series Big Brother. This season will air during the winter of the 2017 -- 18 network television season on CBS and will be the second U.S. Big Brother season to air outside the usual summer television season, the first being Big Brother 9 in 2008. Julie Chen will return as host, with Allison Grodner and Rich Meehan returning as executive producers. The season will be produced by Fly on the Wall Entertainment in association with Endemol Shine North America. CBS announced that the series is set to premiere on February 7, 2018 and conclude on February 25, 2018.
Michael Tuck (born 24 June 1953) is a seven-time premiership-winning player, Australian rules footballer with the Hawthorn Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) / Australian Football League (AFL), where he was the games record holder (426 games) until 30 July 2016 when Brent Harvey played his 427th game for North Melbourne Football Club.
Musikvergnuegen (mew-zik-verg-new-gan), sometimes abbreviated to "MusikV", is a music and sound design production company located in Los Angeles, California. The company name translates into English as "enjoyment of music". It was founded by Austrian-born composer Walter Werzowa.
W. Timothy Gallwey (born 1938 in San Francisco) is an author who has written a series of books in which he has set forth a new methodology for coaching and for the development of personal and professional excellence in a variety of fields that he calls "the Inner Game". Since he began writing in the 1970s, his books include "The Inner Game of Tennis", "The Inner Game of Golf", "The Inner Game of Music" (with Barry Green), "Inner Skiing" and "The Inner Game of Work". Gallwey's seminal work is "The Inner Game of Tennis", with more than one million copies in print. Besides sports, his training methods have been applied to the fields of business, health, and education.
Opening batsman and former captain Alastair Cook holds several England Test cricket records. Playing between 2006 and 2018, he scored 12,472 runs, making him the only England player to score 10,000 Test runs. He scored a record 57 half - centuries and 33 centuries. As a slip fielder, Cook has also taken the most catches for England with 175 and holds the England record for the most catches taken in Test series with 13. Captaining his side from 2010 until he stood down in 2016, Cook holds the record for the most matches played as English skipper with 59, the Test record for the most consecutive matches played with 159 and the record for the most matches played for England with 161.
Theodore Evelyn ``Ted ''Mosby is a fictional character and the main protagonist in the U.S. television sitcom How I Met Your Mother, portrayed by Josh Radnor. Ted also serves as the show's narrator from the future, voiced by Bob Saget, as he tells his children the`` long version'' of how he met their mother.
Route 888 is a north-south regional highway in northern Israel. It begins at Beit Tzida junction with Highway 87 and ends at Beit HaMekhes junction with Highway 91.
Kim Vicente is an inactive professor of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering at the University of Toronto. He was previously a researcher, teacher, and author in the field of human factors. He is best known for his two books: "" and "Cognitive Work Analysis".
Beginning in 1938, the U.S. adopted a succession of increasingly restrictive trade restrictions with Japan. This included terminating its 1911 commercial treaty with Japan in 1939, further tightened by the Export Control Act of 1940. These efforts failed to deter Japan from continuing its war in China, or from signing the Tripartite Pact in 1940 with Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy, officially forming the Axis Powers.
At age 15, she joined a troupe of traditional Algerian musicians and learnt to sing and dance. In 1943 she moved to the rural town of Relizane and began writing her own songs. Her songs described the tough life endured by the Algerian poor, focusing on everyday struggle of living, pleasures of sex, love, alcohol and friendship and the realities of war.
South Central Coast (Vietnamese: Duyên hải Nam Trung Bộ) is one of the regions of Vietnam. It consists of the independent municipality of Đà Nẵng and seven other provinces. The two southern provinces Ninh Thuận and Bình Thuận are sometimes seen as part of the Southeast region.The Paracel Islands (Hoàng Sa District), and Spratly Islands (Trường Sa District), are also part of this region.
Other forms of plague have been implicated by modern scientists. The modern bubonic plague has a mortality rate of 30–75% and symptoms including fever of 38–41 °C (100–106 °F), headaches, painful aching joints, nausea and vomiting, and a general feeling of malaise. Left untreated, of those that contract the bubonic plague, 80 percent die within eight days. Pneumonic plague has a mortality rate of 90 to 95 percent. Symptoms include fever, cough, and blood-tinged sputum. As the disease progresses, sputum becomes free flowing and bright red. Septicemic plague is the least common of the three forms, with a mortality rate near 100%. Symptoms are high fevers and purple skin patches (purpura due to disseminated intravascular coagulation). In cases of pneumonic and particularly septicemic plague, the progress of the disease is so rapid that there would often be no time for the development of the enlarged lymph nodes that were noted as buboes.
Bedari, a Pakistani Urdu black and white film, was a classic melodious film of 1956.This film had an identical plot and the songs like Indian film Jagriti (1954), with replacement of some words, and music were taken directly from Jagriti as well. Rattan Kumar (Syed Nazir Ali), who had moved to Pakistan with his family, acted in Bedari also. When 'Bedari' was released in Pakistan in 1956, it too made fabulous business in the first few weeks of exhibition. However, it dawned upon the Pakistani cinemagoers that they were watching a plagiarized film. There was a mass uproar that caused public demonstrations against exhibition of the plagiarized film. The Censor Board of Pakistan immediately put a ban on this film.
A Beautiful Mind is the original soundtrack album, on the Decca Records label, of the 2001 film "A Beautiful Mind" starring Russell Crowe, Jennifer Connelly (who won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role as "Alicia Nash"), Christopher Plummer and Paul Bettany. The original score and songs were composed and conducted by James Horner.
During the Protestant Reformation, the Church of England (Anglicans) separated from the Roman Catholic Church. There were some Christians who were not content with the achievements of the mainstream Protestant Reformation. There also were Christians who were disappointed that the Church of England had not made corrections of what some considered to be errors and abuses. Of those most critical of the Church's direction, some chose to stay and try to make constructive changes from within the Anglican Church. They became known as "Puritans" and are described by Gourley as cousins of the English Separatists. Others decided they must leave the Church because of their dissatisfaction and became known as the Separatists.
To compete with the popular Family Computer in Japan, NEC Home Electronics launched the PC Engine in 1987, and Sega Enterprises followed suit with the Mega Drive in 1988. The two platforms were later launched in North America in 1989 as the TurboGrafx-16 and the Genesis respectively. Both systems were built on 16-bit architectures and offered improved graphics and sound over the 8-bit NES. However, it took several years for Sega's system to become successful. Nintendo executives were in no rush to design a new system, but they reconsidered when they began to see their dominance in the market slipping.
Kallhälls BK was a sports club in Bosön, Sweden. The club won the Swedish men's national volleyball championship in 1964.
Ari Borovoy (born May 29, 1979 in Mexico City) is a founding member of the Latin music children's groups La Onda Vaselina and LemonGrass, which evolved into the successful Latin pop group OV7. As a songwriter, he had a hand in creating several of the group's biggest hits, including "Aum Aum," "Shake Shake," "Te Necessito" and "No Me Voy." He has also recorded solo albums, starred on telenovelas and in films.
Horicon is a town in Warren County, New York, United States. It is part of the Glens Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area. Horicon's population was 1,389 at the 2010 census.
The Mid-State Nashville - Davidson -- Murfreesboro -- Franklin, TN, Metropolitan Statistical Area Country United States State (s) Tennessee Largest city Nashville Other cities Murfreesboro, Franklin Area Total 7,484 sq mi (19,380 km) Highest elevation 2,092 ft (638 m) Lowest elevation 359 ft (109 m) Population (2016 est.) Total 1,865,298 Rank 36th in the U.S. Density 240 / sq mi (106 / km)
The release of Windows 98 was preceded by a notable press demonstration at COMDEX in April 1998. Microsoft CEO Bill Gates was highlighting the operating system's ease of use and enhanced support for Plug and Play (PnP). However, when presentation assistant Chris Capossela hot plugged a USB scanner in, the operating system crashed, displaying a Blue Screen of Death. Bill Gates remarked after derisive applause and cheering from the audience, "That must be why we're not shipping Windows 98 yet." Video footage of this event became a popular Internet phenomenon.
Exercise Campaign Reforger (from return of forces to Germany) was an annual exercise and campaign conducted, during the Cold War, by NATO. The exercise was intended to ensure that NATO had the ability to quickly deploy forces to West Germany in the event of a conflict with the Warsaw Pact. Although most troops deployed were from the United States, the operation also involved a substantial number of troops from other NATO countries including Canada and the United Kingdom.
In its Basic Laws, Israel defines itself as a Jewish and democratic state. Israel is a representative democracy with a parliamentary system, proportional representation and universal suffrage. The prime minister serves as head of government and the Knesset serves as the legislature. Israel is a developed country and an OECD member, with the 35th-largest economy in the world by nominal gross domestic product as of 2015[update]. The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most educated countries in the world with the one of the highest percentage of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree. The country has the highest standard of living in the Middle East and the fourth highest in Asia, and has one of the highest life expectancies in the world.
Mount Bosworth is located in the Canadian Rockies on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. The mountain is situated immediately northwest of Kicking Horse Pass and straddles the shared border of Banff National Park with Yoho National Park. It was named in 1903 after George Morris Bosworth, an executive and long-time employee of the Canadian Pacific Railway.
The Bulkeley Bridge (also known as Hartford Bridge, Bridge No. 980A) is the oldest of three highway bridges over the Connecticut River in Hartford, Connecticut. A stone arch bridge composed of nine spans, the bridge carries Interstate 84, U.S. Route 6, and U.S. Route 44 across the river, connecting Hartford to East Hartford. As of 2005 the bridge carried an average daily traffic of 142,500 cars. The arches are mounted on stone piers, and vary in length from to ; the total length of the bridge is .
Nada () is a town in Danzhou city, Hainan province, China. Nada was established more than 400 years ago, and has been the administrative seat and urban center of Danzhou (formerly Dan County) since 1958. It has a population of 220,000 as of 2010.
Lac-Pythonga is an unorganized territory in the Outaouais region of Quebec, Canada. It surrounds Lake Pythonga and is the largest of the five unorganized territories in the La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality.
Seed of Chucky Theatrical release poster Directed by Don Mancini Produced by David Kirschner Corey Sienega Written by Don Mancini Based on Characters by Don Mancini Starring Jennifer Tilly Redman Hannah Spearritt John Waters Billy Boyd Brad Dourif Music by Pino Donaggio Cinematography Vernon Layton Edited by Chris Dickens Production company La Sienega Productions Distributed by Rogue Pictures Release date November 12, 2004 (2004 - 11 - 12) Running time 86 minutes Country Romania United States United Kingdom Language English Romanian Japanese Budget $12 million Box office $24.8 million
Theatrhythm Final Fantasy is a rhythm video game, developed by indieszero and published by Square Enix for Nintendo 3DS and iOS. Based on the "Final Fantasy" video game franchise, the game involves using the touch screen in time to various pieces of music from the series. The game was released in Japan in February 2012, and in North America, Australia and Europe in July 2012. An iOS version was released in December 2012. A sequel, "", was released in 2014. A third game based on the "Dragon Quest" series, "Theatrhythm Dragon Quest", was released in 2015. An arcade game, "Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: All-Star Carnival", was released in 2016.
The Hail Flutie game is a college football game that took place between the Boston College Eagles and the University of Miami Hurricanes on November 23, 1984. It has been regarded by FOX Sports writer Kevin Hench as among the most memorable moments in sports. The game is most notable for a last - second Hail Mary pass from quarterback Doug Flutie to wide receiver Gerard Phelan to give Boston College the win. Miami was the defending national champion and entered the game ranked 12th in the nation. Boston College was ranked 10th with a record of 8 -- 2 and had already accepted an invitation to the Cotton Bowl Classic at the end of the season. The game was played at the Miami Orange Bowl, and televised nationally by CBS, with Brent Musburger, Ara Parseghian, and Pat Haden commentating.
On October 14, 2013, Dwayne Johnson closed a deal to star in the film, playing the role of a helicopter pilot searching for his daughter after an earthquake. On February 4, 2014, Alexandra Daddario joined the cast. On March 12, 2014, Carla Gugino joined the cast, reuniting with Dwayne Johnson, with whom she starred in Race to Witch Mountain and Faster. On March 14, 2014, Game of Thrones actor Art Parkinson joined the film's cast. On April 1, 2014, Archie Panjabi joined the earthquake film. On April 5, 2014, Todd Williams also joined the film, to play Marcus Crowlings, an old Army friend of Johnson's character. On April 15, 2014, Colton Haynes was added to the cast of the film. On April 29, Ioan Gruffudd joined the cast of the film. Gruffudd played Daniel Reddick, a wealthy real estate developer who is dating Johnson's character's estranged wife. On May 28, Will Yun Lee joined the cast to play Dr. Kim Park, the co-director of the Caltech Seismology Lab in the film. On June 11, Australian singer and actress Kylie Minogue joined the film to play Gruffudd's sister.
Antonio Lucio Vivaldi (Italian: (anˈtɔːnjo ˈluːtʃo viˈvaldi); 4 March 1678 -- 28 July 1741) was an Italian Baroque musical composer, virtuoso violinist, teacher, and cleric. Born in Venice, he is recognized as one of the greatest Baroque composers, and his influence during his lifetime was widespread across Europe. He composed many instrumental concertos, for the violin and a variety of other instruments, as well as sacred choral works and more than forty operas. His best - known work is a series of violin concertos known as the Four Seasons.
Elizabeth Blanchard (1834–1891) was an American educator who was the seventh president of Mount Holyoke College (as Principal and Acting President).
The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money was written by the English economist John Maynard Keynes. The book, generally considered to be his magnum opus, is largely credited with creating the terminology and shape of modern macroeconomics. Published in February 1936, it sought to bring about a revolution, commonly referred to as the ``Keynesian Revolution '', in the way some economists believe. Especially in relation to the proposition that a market economy tends naturally to restore itself to full employment after temporary shocks.
Huib Drion (The Hague, 25 April 1917 – Leiden, 20 April 2004) was a Dutch Supreme Court judge and professor of civil law who became famous for proposing a suicide pill, which was later called Drion's pill after him.
"Whiskey River" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Johnny Bush. He released the song in 1972 through RCA Victor and included it on his album "Whiskey River". Bush later re-recorded the song in 1981 and released it through the Delta label, with "When My Conscience Hurts the Most" on the b-side.
Gmina Supraśl is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. Its seat is the town of Supraśl, which lies approximately north-east of the regional capital Białystok.
Capital punishment is a legal penalty in the United States, currently used by 31 states, the federal government, and the military. Its existence can be traced to the beginning of the American colonies. The United States is the only Western country currently applying the death penalty, one of 54 countries worldwide applying it, and was the first to develop lethal injection as a method of execution, which has since been adopted by five other countries.
Two species, cinnamon-rumped and scarlet-rumped trogons, were previously classified in a separate genus, "Duvaucelius", and a 2010 study found that these two were closely related and formed a separate clade from all of the other "Harpactes" trogons (except orange-breasted trogon, which forms a third group), but recommended that all three groups should be treated as congeneric. This same study also found that the genus "Apalharpactes", containing two species sometimes included in "Harpactes", is actually distantly related and thus a valid genus.
The Lego Movie franchise is a computer - animated adventure - comedy film series based on Lego construction toys. The franchise started with the 2014 film with the same name, which was directed and written by Phil Lord and Christopher Miller. The film quickly expanded into a franchise, including two spin - off films, The Lego Batman Movie and The Lego Ninjago Movie, both with 2017 release dates; a sequel and a third spin - off, The Billion Brick Race, scheduled for release in 2019.
Carl Nielsen's Concerto for Violin and orchestra, op. 33 [D.F.61] was written for Hungarian violinist Dr. Emil Telmányi, Nielsen's son-in-law, in 1911. The concerto has three movements , including a slow prelude.
Abul Kalam Azad expressed concern over the likelihood of violent riots, to which Mountbatten replied:At least on this question I shall give you complete assurance. I shall see to it that there is no bloodshed and riot. I am a soldier and not a civilian. Once the partition is accepted in principle, I shall issue orders to see that there are no communal disturbances anywhere in the country. If there should be the slightest agitation, I shall adopt the sternest measures to nip the trouble in the bud. Jagmohan has stated that this and what followed shows the "glaring" "failure of the government machinery".On 3 June 1947, the partition plan was accepted by the Congress Working Committee. Boloji states that in Punjab there were no riots but there was communal tension, while Gandhi was reportedly isolated by Nehru and Patel and observed maun vrat (day of silence). Mountbatten visited Gandhi and said he hoped that he would not oppose the partition, to which Gandhi wrote the reply: "Have I ever opposed you?"Within British India, the border between India and Pakistan (the Radcliffe Line) was determined by a British Government-commissioned report prepared under the chairmanship of a London barrister, Sir Cyril Radcliffe. Pakistan came into being with two non-contiguous enclaves, East Pakistan (today Bangladesh) and West Pakistan, separated geographically by India. India was formed out of the majority Hindu regions of British India, and Pakistan from the majority Muslim areas.
After a hiatus of eleven years, the race was revived by the Verizon IndyCar Series in 2016. It was held on Saturday night under the lights. Long considered a popular Indy car track, Phoenix has a rich history of open wheel races, including a spectacular crash involving Johnny Rutherford (1980), and the final career victory for Indy legend Mario Andretti (1993).
The Battle of Dara was fought between the Byzantine (Eastern Roman) Empire and the Sassanids in 530. It was one of the battles of the Iberian War.
With the end of the Seven Years' War and the signing of the Treaty of Paris (1763), France ceded almost all of its remaining territory in mainland North America, except for fishing rights off Newfoundland and the two small islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon where its fishermen could dry their fish. France had already secretly ceded its vast Louisiana territory to Spain under the Treaty of Fontainebleau (1762) in which King Louis XV of France had given his cousin King Charles III of Spain the entire area of the drainage basin of the Mississippi River from the Great Lakes to the Gulf of Mexico and from the Appalachian Mountains to the Rocky Mountains. France and Spain kept the Treaty of Fontainebleau secret from other countries until 1764. In return for acquiring Canada, Britain returned to France its most important sugar - producing colony, Guadeloupe, which the French at the time considered more valuable than Canada. (Guadeloupe produced more sugar than all the British islands combined, and Voltaire had notoriously dismissed Canada as ``Quelques arpents de neige '',`` A few acres of snow'').
Sunbaker is a 1937 black-and-white photograph by Australian modernist photographer Max Dupain, depicting the head and shoulders of a man lying on a beach, taken from a low angle. The iconic photograph has been described as "quintessentially Australian", a "sort of icon of the Australian way of life". and "arguably the most widely recognised of all Australian photographs."
2017 -- 18 NBA season League National Basketball Association Sport Basketball Duration October 17, 2017 -- April 11, 2018 April 14 -- May 28, 2018 (Playoffs) May 31 -- June 17, 2018 (Finals) Number of games 82 Number of teams 30 TV partner (s) ABC, TNT, ESPN, NBA TV Draft Top draft pick Markelle Fultz Picked by Philadelphia 76ers Regular season Top seed Houston Rockets Top scorer James Harden (Houston) Playoffs Finals NBA seasons ← 2016 -- 17 2018 -- 19 →
Roger E. Kanet is an American professor, author and researcher. Before 1994, his work focused mainly on the Cold War, but now he looks at issues of nationalism and Russian foreign policy. He has been the Associate Vice Chancellor and Chair of the Political Science Department at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and Dean of the School of International Studies at the University of Miami.
Presbyterian history is part of the history of Christianity, but the beginning of Presbyterianism as a distinct movement occurred during the 16th - century Protestant Reformation. As the Catholic Church resisted the reformers, several different theological movements splintered from the Church and bore different denominations. Presbyterianism was especially influenced by the French theologian John Calvin, who is credited with the development of Reformed theology, and the work of John Knox, a Scotsman and a Roman Catholic Priest, who studied with Calvin in Geneva, Switzerland. He brought back Reformed teachings to Scotland. The Presbyterian church traces its ancestry back primarily to England and Scotland. In August 1560 the Parliament of Scotland adopted the Scots Confession as the creed of the Scottish Kingdom. In December 1560, the First Book of Discipline was published, outlining important doctrinal issues but also establishing regulations for church government, including the creation of ten ecclesiastical districts with appointed superintendents which later became known as presbyteries.
Usher Josh Kaufman ``Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours ''`` Every Breath You Take'' 9 ``Set Fire to the Rain ''Winner
Matt Kelly Barnes (born March 9, 1980) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Barnes was drafted in the second round of the 2002 NBA draft by the Memphis Grizzlies. He won an NBA championship with the Golden State Warriors in his last season with the league in 2017.
Audrey Marlene McLaughlin (née Brown; born November 8, 1936) was leader of Canada's New Democratic Party (NDP) from 1989 to 1995. She was the first female leader of a political party with representation in the House of Commons of Canada, as well as the first female federal political party leader to represent an electoral district in a Canadian territory.
In Major League Baseball (MLB), the wild - card teams are the two teams in each of the two leagues (American and National) that have qualified for the postseason despite failing to win their division. Both teams in each league possess the two best winning percentages in their respective league after the three division winners. The wild card was first instituted in MLB in 1994, with one wild - card team per league advancing to the Division Series in the postseason to face a division winner. In 2012, the system was modified to add a second wild - card team per league and pit each league's wild - card teams against each other in a play - in game -- the MLB wild - card game -- the winner of which would then advance to the Division Series and play the team with the best record. This system ensures that the team with the second - best record in each league, after the three division winners and the team with the first - best record in the league that is a non-division winner, will also get a postseason berth, even if it is n't a division champion.
The Imbaba Bridge is a major railway bridge located in Cairo, Egypt across the Nile River. It is located about 935 kilometers downstream from Aswan Dam. Imbaba Bridge is currently the only railway bridge across the Nile in Cairo. The current version of the bridge was built between 1912 and 1924 by the Belgian firm Baume-Marpent.
LaBelle Municipal Airport is a public-use airport located south of the central business district of the city of LaBelle in Hendry County, Florida, United States. The airport is publicly owned.
Calvert Beach-Long Beach was a census-designated place (CDP) in Calvert County, Maryland, United States. The population was 2,487 at the 2000 census. For the 2010 census the area was split into two CDPs: Calvert Beach and Long Beach.
Agriculture in Nigeria is a branch of the economy in Nigeria, providing employment for about 30% of the population as of 2010. The sector is being transformed by commercialization at the small, medium and large-scale enterprise levels.
William James Remar (born December 31, 1953), is an American actor and voice actor. He played Richard, the on - off tycoon boyfriend of Kim Cattrall's character in Sex and the City, Ajax in The Warriors (1979), homicidal maniac Albert Ganz in the thriller 48 Hrs. (1982), gangster Dutch Schultz in The Cotton Club (1984), Lord Raiden in Mortal Kombat: Annihilation (1997), Giuseppe Salvatore in The CW TV series The Vampire Diaries, Jack Duff in Miracle on 34th Street (1994), and Harry Morgan in the Showtime TV series Dexter. Since 2009, he has done voiceover work in ads for Lexus luxury cars. James Remar also studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City.
Islamabad officially became the capital of Pakistan on 14 August 1967, exactly 20 years after the country's independence. Previously, Rawalpindi was the capital, designated in 1958. The first capital of Pakistan was the coastal city of Karachi, which was selected by Muhammad Ali Jinnah. Karachi was and still is the largest city and economic capital of Pakistan. It remained the seat of government until 1959, when the military president, Ayub Khan, decided to build a new capital in the north of Pakistan, near the general headquarters of the Pakistani Armed Forces at Rawalpindi.
As the second season of the IPL coincided with multi-phase 2009 Indian general elections, in the aftermath of the 3 March 2009 attack on the Sri Lanka national cricket team the Government of India refused to commit security by Indian paramilitary forces. As a result, the BCCI decided to host the second season of the league outside India. On 24 March 2009, the BCCI officially announced that the second season of the IPL was to be held in South Africa. Though India did not host the second season, the format of the tournament remained unchanged from the 2008 season format.
Doi Chiang Dao (, ), also known as Doi Luang Chiang Dao (, ), is a 2,175 m high mountain in Chiang Dao District of Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. It is one of the highest peaks of the Daen Lao Range on the Thai side of the border.
Eston College is a private Christian post-secondary educational institution located in Eston, Saskatchewan, Canada. Since 1944 it has served as the primary training center for the Apostolic Church of Pentecost (ACOP) and welcomes students from across Canada and around the world. In a rural setting, Eston College provides an educational and discipleship setting that "allows you to learn more about yourself, your world, and your creator."
American Psycho 2 (also known as American Psycho II: All American Girl) is a 2002 American black comedy horror film and a stand-alone sequel to Mary Harron's 2000 film adaptation of "American Psycho". It is directed by Morgan J. Freeman and stars Mila Kunis as Rachael Newman, a driven criminology student who is drawn to murder. The film also features William Shatner as her professor.
The Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 was the first of a series of significant consumer protection laws enacted by Congress in the 20th century and led to the creation of the Food and Drug Administration. Its main purpose was to ban foreign and interstate traffic in adulterated or mislabeled food and drug products, and it directed the U.S. Bureau of Chemistry to inspect products and refer offenders to prosecutors. It required that active ingredients be placed on the label of a drug's packaging and that drugs could not fall below purity levels established by the United States Pharmacopeia or the National Formulary. The Jungle by Upton Sinclair was an inspirational piece that kept the public's attention on the important issue of unsanitary meat processing plants that later led to food inspection legislation.
Ibn Sina created an extensive corpus of works during what is commonly known as the Islamic Golden Age, in which the translations of Greco-Roman, Persian, and Indian texts were studied extensively. Greco-Roman (Mid- and Neo-Platonic, and Aristotelian) texts translated by the Kindi school were commented, redacted and developed substantially by Islamic intellectuals, who also built upon Persian and Indian mathematical systems, astronomy, algebra, trigonometry and medicine. The Samanid dynasty in the eastern part of Persia, Greater Khorasan and Central Asia as well as the Buyid dynasty in the western part of Persia and Iraq provided a thriving atmosphere for scholarly and cultural development. Under the Samanids, Bukhara rivaled Baghdad as a cultural capital of the Islamic world.
WWE 2K18 is a professional wrestling video game developed in a collaboration between Yuke's and Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports. It is the nineteenth installment in the WWE game series (fifth under the WWE 2K banner), serving as the following from their previous game WWE 2K17 (released in 2016). It was released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on October 17, 2017, with the Nintendo Switch version on December 6, 2017. This release marks the return to Nintendo Platforms since WWE '13, as the first title in the series to be released on that platform. WWE 2K18 is the first video game in the series to only be on eighth generation hardware and also first in the series released on PC alongside its console counterparts.
On December 28, 2016, the NFL announced that the 2017 edition of the game would be played on Thursday, August 3, 2017. The scheduling change makes the Hall of Fame Game the first event of the Hall of Fame Weekend. On February 23, 2017, it was announced the 2017 edition will be played between the Dallas Cowboys and the Arizona Cardinals.
In winter, the Piedmont is colder than the coast, with temperatures usually averaging in the upper 40s–lower 50s °F (8–12 °C) during the day and often dropping below the freezing point at night. The region averages around 3–5 in (8–13 cm) of snowfall annually in the Charlotte area, and slightly more north toward the Virginia border. The Piedmont is especially notorious for sleet and freezing rain. Freezing rain can be heavy enough to snarl traffic and break down trees and power lines. Annual precipitation and humidity are lower in the Piedmont than in the mountains or the coast, but even at its lowest, the average is 40 in (1,020 mm) per year.
Besides Prince William and Prince Harry, members of the extended British Royal Family who have attended Eton include Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester and his son Alexander Windsor, Earl of Ulster; Prince Edward, Duke of Kent, his eldest son George Windsor, Earl of St Andrews and grandson Edward Windsor, Lord Downpatrick and his youngest son Lord Nicholas Windsor; Prince Michael of Kent and his son Lord Frederick Windsor; James Ogilvy, son of Princess Alexandra and the Right Honourable Angus Ogilvy, himself an Eton alumnus. Prince William of Gloucester (1942-1972) also attended Eton, as did George Lascelles, 7th Earl of Harewood, son of Princess Mary, Princess Royal.
Moinuddin Ahmed Chowdhury passed his matriculation examination from Dinajpur Zilla School in the 1937 and acquired his B.A. degree in 1942 from Ripon College, Kolkata, Later, he acquired a master's degree in Islamic History from the University of Calcutta in 1945.
Sterling Price Holloway Jr. (January 4, 1905 -- November 22, 1992) was an American character actor and voice actor who appeared in over 100 films and 40 television shows. He was also a voice actor for The Walt Disney Company, well known for his distinctive tenor voice, and served as the original voice of the title character in Walt Disney's Winnie the Pooh.
WNWZ (1410 AM, "Magic 104.9") is a radio station broadcasting an urban adult contemporary format, licensed to Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Poverty is a significant issue in India, despite being one of the fastest - growing economies in the world, clocked at a growth rate of 7.11% in 2015, and a sizable consumer economy. The World Bank reviewed and proposed revisions on May 2014 to its poverty calculation methodology and purchasing power parity basis for measuring poverty worldwide. According to this revised methodology, the world had 872.3 million people below the new poverty line, Nigeria, and Congo is expected to overtake India by the end of 2019. As of 2014, 58% of the total population were living on less than $3.10 per day. According to the Modified Mixed Reference Period (MMRP) concept proposed by World Bank in 2015, India's poverty rate for period 2011 - 12 stood at 12.4% of the total population, or about 172 million people; taking the revised poverty line as $1.90.
Tha Blue Carpet Treatment is the eighth studio album by West Coast hip hop recording artist Snoop Dogg. It was released on November 21, 2006, by Doggystyle Records and Geffen Records. Recording sessions took place from November 2005 to September 2006 in several recording studios and artists such as Dr. Dre, The Neptunes, DJ Battlecat, DJ Pooh, Timbaland, Danja, Mark Batson, Terrace Martin, and Mr. Porter appear on the album, among others.
Angelica Sue Page (née Torn; February 17, 1964) is an American actress, director, producer and screenwriter. She is the only daughter of actors Rip Torn and Geraldine Page. Credited as Angelica Torn in her early career, she legally and professionally changed her name to Angelica Page in September 2011.
Captain Roi Edgerton "Tug" Wilson, CBE, DFC (1 June 1921 – 17 March 2009) was a Royal Navy officer and Master of the Royal Caledonian Schools.
The winner of the third season of RuPaul's Drag Race All Stars was Trixie Mattel, with Kennedy Davenport being the runner - up.
The De La Salle Brothers, say that, with the assistance of more than 73,000 lay colleagues, they teach over 900,000 students as they provide Christian value education worldwide to 1,500 Lasallian educational institutions and is globally established in 82 countries.
Ulrich, 10th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau (; 15 August 189319 December 1938) was the titular pretender Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau.
The "Svea" class was a class of coastal defence ships of the Swedish Navy. The class comprised "Svea", "Göta" and "Thule".
Two-Fisted Law is a 1932 American romantic B-Western Pre-Code film directed by D. Ross Lederman for Columbia Pictures, starring Tim McCoy and featuring John Wayne playing a character named "Duke". The picture also features Alice Day, Wheeler Oakman, Tully Marshall, Wallace MacDonald, and Walter Brennan.
St. Peter's Basilica Basilica Sancti Petri 19th - century drawing of St. Peter's Basilica as it is thought to have looked around 1450. The Vatican Obelisk is on the left, still standing on the spot where it was erected on the orders of the Emperor Caligula in 37 A.D. Basic information Geographic coordinates 41 ° 54 ′ 8 ''N 12 ° 27 ′ 12'' E ﻿ / ﻿ 41.90222 ° N 12.45333 ° E ﻿ / 41.90222; 12.45333 Coordinates: 41 ° 54 ′ 8 ''N 12 ° 27 ′ 12'' E ﻿ / ﻿ 41.90222 ° N 12.45333 ° E ﻿ / 41.90222; 12.45333 Affiliation Roman Catholic Country Papal States Year consecrated c. 360 Ecclesiastical or organizational status Major basilica Architectural description Architectural style Ancient Roman architecture Groundbreaking 326 - 333 (326 - 333) Completed c. 360 (c. 360)
Middle Valley is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hamilton County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 12,684 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Chattanooga, TN–GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Linjiang Yalu River Bridge () is a bridge over the Yalu River, connecting Linjiang City, Jilin Province, China, with Chunggang County, Chagang Province, North Korea. It was built by the Japanese in 1938 and Linjiang Border Post is located there. A little downstream from the bridge is Yunfeng Dam.
Josep Vicenç Foix i Mas (; 28 January 1893 in Barcelona – 29 January 1987) was a Catalan poet, writer, and essayist in Catalan. He usually signed his work by using the abbreviation J.V. Foix.
Colonial Heights is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 6,934 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.
"Shake" is a song written and recorded by Sam Cooke. It was recorded at the last recording session Cooke had before his death on December 11, 1964. In the U.S., the song became a posthumous Top 10 hit for Cooke, peaking at number seven in February 1965.
The first known translation of the Bible into Greek is called the Septuagint (LXX; 3rd -- 1st centuries BC). The LXX was written in Koine Greek. It contains the Hebrew Bible translated from Hebrew and Aramaic. It also includes several other documents which are considered to have differing levels of authority by various Christian churches. Some of these other documents are believed to have been written originally in Greek.
The United States Department of the Navy (DoN) was established by an Act of Congress on April 30, 1798 (initiated by the recommendation of James McHenry), to provide a government organizational structure to the United States Navy, the United States Marine Corps (from 1834 onward) and, when directed by the President (or Congress during time of war), the United States Coast Guard, as a service within the Navy, though each remain independent service branches. The Department of the Navy was an Executive Department and the Secretary of the Navy was a member of the President's cabinet until 1949, when amendments to the National Security Act of 1947 changed the name of the National Military Establishment to the Department of Defense and made it an Executive Department. The Department of the Navy then became, along with the Department of the Army and Department of the Air Force, a Military Department within the Department of Defense: subject to the authority, direction and control of the Secretary of Defense.
Wilkes Land is a large district of land in eastern Antarctica, formally claimed by Australia as part of the Australian Antarctic Territory, though the validity of this claim has been placed for the period of the operation of the Antarctic Treaty, to which Australia is a signatory. It fronts on the southern Indian Ocean between Queen Mary Coast and Adelie Land, extending from Cape Hordern in 100°31' E to Pourquoi Pas Point, in 136°11' E. The region extends as a sector about 2600 km towards the South Pole, with an estimated land area of 2,600,000 km², mostly glaciated. It is further subdivided in the following coastal areas which can also be thought of as sectors extending to the South Pole:
Ring of Fear (A Dangerous Assignment) is the second episode of the TV series "Police Squad!". It was directed by Joe Dante, written by Tino Insana and Robert Wuhl, and produced by Robert K. Weiss.
Trotsky, and others, believed that the revolution could only succeed in Russia as part of a world revolution. Lenin wrote extensively on the matter and famously declared that Imperialism was the highest stage of capitalism. However, after Lenin's death, Joseph Stalin established 'socialism in one country' for the Soviet Union, creating the model for subsequent inward looking Stalinist states and purging the early Internationalist elements. The internationalist tendencies of the early revolution would be abandoned until they returned in the framework of a client state in competition with the Americans during the Cold War. With the beginning of the new era, the after Stalin period called the "thaw", in the late 1950s, the new political leader Nikita Khrushchev put even more pressure on the Soviet-American relations starting a new wave of anti-imperialist propaganda. In his speech on the UN conference in 1960, he announced the continuation of the war on imperialism, stating that soon the people of different countries will come together and overthrow their imperialist leaders. Although the Soviet Union declared itself anti-imperialist, critics argue that it exhibited tendencies common to historic empires. Some scholars hold that the Soviet Union was a hybrid entity containing elements common to both multinational empires and nation states. It has also been argued that the USSR practiced colonialism as did other imperial powers and was carrying on the old Russian tradition of expansion and control. Mao Zedong once argued that the Soviet Union had itself become an imperialist power while maintaining a socialist façade. Moreover, the ideas of imperialism were widely spread in action on the higher levels of government. Non Russian Marxists within the Russian Federation and later the USSR, like Sultan Galiev and Vasyl Shakhrai, considered the Soviet Regime a renewed version of the Russian imperialism and colonialism.
Early Islamic philosophy and Islamic metaphysics, imbued as it is with Islamic theology, distinguishes more clearly than Aristotelianism between essence and existence. Whereas existence is the domain of the contingent and the accidental, essence endures within a being beyond the accidental. The philosophy of Ibn Sīnā, particularly that part relating to metaphysics, owes much to al-Farabi. The search for a definitive Islamic philosophy separate from Occasionalism can be seen in what is left of his work.
Hospitals in Liberia include the John F. Kennedy Medical Center in Monrovia and several others. Life expectancy in Liberia is estimated to be 57.4 years in 2012. With a fertility rate of 5.9 births per woman, the maternal mortality rate stood at 990 per 100,000 births in 2010. A number of highly communicable diseases are widespread, including tuberculosis, diarrheal diseases and malaria. In 2007, the HIV infection rates stood at 2% of the population aged 15–49  whereas the incidence of tuberculosis was 420 per 100,000 people in 2008. Approximately 58.2% – 66% of women are estimated to have undergone female genital mutilation.
Following a custom she maintained throughout her widowhood, Victoria spent the Christmas of 1900 at Osborne House on the Isle of Wight. Rheumatism in her legs had rendered her lame, and her eyesight was clouded by cataracts. Through early January, she felt "weak and unwell", and by mid-January she was "drowsy ... dazed, [and] confused". She died on Tuesday, 22 January 1901, at half past six in the evening, at the age of 81. Her son and successor King Edward VII, and her eldest grandson, Emperor Wilhelm II of Germany, were at her deathbed. Her favourite pet Pomeranian, Turri, was laid upon her deathbed as a last request.
La Ferme Célébrités is the French version of the international TV show "The Farm", produced in France by Endemol and broadcast on TF1. A certain number of B-List celebrities (about 14) appear on it. The show was running in 2004 and 2005, then in 2010. It was hosted by Christophe Dechavanne and Patrice Carmouze in 2004 and 2005 . The farm was located in Visan, Vaucluse in the first seasons. For the season 3, the farm is located in South Africa, Benjamin Castaldi (who hosted the French Pop Idol and the French Big Brother, "Secret Story") and Jean-Pierre Foucault (Miss France and Who wants to be a millionaire?) are the new hosts.
The thalidomide tragedy resurrected Kefauver's bill to enhance drug regulation that had stalled in Congress, and the Kefauver-Harris Amendment became law on 10 October 1962. Manufacturers henceforth had to prove to FDA that their drugs were effective as well as safe before they could go on the US market. The FDA received authority to regulate advertising of prescription drugs and to establish good manufacturing practices. The law required that all drugs introduced between 1938 and 1962 had to be effective. An FDA - National Academy of Sciences collaborative study showed that nearly 40 percent of these products were not effective. A similarly comprehensive study of over-the-counter products began ten years later.
Gerd Ludwig (birth name Gerhard Erich Ludwig, born March 17, 1947 in Alsfeld, Hesse, Germany) is a German-American documentary photographer and photojournalist.
Kissimmee Prairie Preserve State Park is a Florida state park, located approximately 25 miles north of Okeechobee, off US 441.
Siaogang District () is the southernmost district of Kaohsiung City in southern Taiwan. The second largest airport in Taiwan, Kaohsiung International Airport, is located here.
ISO 3166-2 is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), and defines codes for identifying the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1. The official name of the standard is "Codes for the representation of names of countries and their subdivisions – Part 2: Country subdivision code". It was first published in 1998.
The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago, Illinois. The Bulls compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the league's Eastern Conference Central Division. The team was founded on January 16, 1966. The team plays its home games at the United Center, an arena shared with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).
Otto Friedrich Ferdinand von Görschen (April 12, 1824 in Neuruppin – June 8, 1875 in Eberswalde) was a Royal Prussian lieutenant colonel and highly decorated war hero of the 19th century.
During the NES era, Nintendo maintained exclusive control over titles released for the system—the company had to approve every game, each third-party developer could only release up to five games per year (but some third parties got around this by using different names, for example Konami's "Ultra Games" brand), those games could not be released on another console within two years, and Nintendo was the exclusive manufacturer and supplier of NES cartridges. However, competition from Sega's console brought an end to this practice; in 1991, Acclaim began releasing games for both platforms, with most of Nintendo's other licensees following suit over the next several years; Capcom (which licensed some games to Sega instead of producing them directly) and Square were the most notable holdouts.
The Great Missouri Raid is a 1951 American Western film directed by Gordon Douglas and written by Frank Gruber. The film stars Wendell Corey, Macdonald Carey, Ellen Drew, Ward Bond, Bruce Bennett, Bill Williams and Anne Revere. The film was released on February 15, 1951, by Paramount Pictures.
The Battle of Kay (), also referred to as the Battle of Sulechów, Battle of Züllichau, or Battle of Paltzig, was an engagement fought on 23 July 1759 during the Seven Years' War. It occurred near Kay (Kije) in the Neumark, now part of Poland.
Bansdih is a town and a nagar panchayat in Ballia district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.The name Bansdih is taken from bans(bamboo).This town has tehseel,college,school.and have a big market place for nearby many villages.
There is no natural source for green food colorings which has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration. Chlorophyll, the E numbers E140 and E141, is the most common green chemical found in nature, and only allowed in certain medicines and cosmetic materials. Quinoline Yellow (E104) is a commonly used coloring in the United Kingdom but is banned in Australia, Japan, Norway and the United States. Green S (E142) is prohibited in many countries, for it is known to cause hyperactivity, asthma, urticaria, and insomnia.
Saptapadi -- is the most important ritual. It is called the seven step ritual, where each step corresponds to a vow groom makes to bride, and a vow the bride makes to groom. The vows are pronounced in Sanskrit in long form, or short quicker form, sometimes also in the language of the groom and bride. In many weddings, Saptapadi is performed near a fire; and after each of the seven oaths to each other, the groom and bride perform the ritual of agnipradakshinam -- walk around the fire, with the end of their garments tied together. The groom usually leads the bride in the walk. The fire is a form of yajna -- a Vedic ritual where fire is the divine witness (to the marriage). After Saptapadi, the couple are considered husband and wife.
A week after the implementation of the no-fly zone, NATO announced that it would be enforced. On 30 April a NATO airstrike killed Gaddafi's sixth son and three of his grandsons in Tripoli, though Gaddafi and his wife were unharmed. Western officials remained divided over whether Gaddafi was a legitimate military target under the U.N. Security Council resolution. U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates said that NATO was "not targeting Gaddafi specifically" but that his command-and-control facilities were legitimate targets—including a facility inside his sprawling Tripoli compound that was hit with airstrikes on 25 April.
Hans Bornemann (active from 1448 - d. 1474) was a late Gothic painter who was active in Hamburg. The earliest written mention of him is a record that he received an inheritance in 1448. He was one of the founders of the Guild of Saint Luke in Hamburg. He was active in the city council of Hamburg, and painted 17 portraits of princes for the Hamburg city hall. After his death his workshop was taken over by Hinrik Funhof, who in 1475 also married Bornemann's widow.
Robert Conrad "Bob" Khayat (born April 18, 1938) was the 15th Chancellor of the University of Mississippi. He was appointed in 1995. Khayat, a former student of the University of Mississippi, is the only Chancellor of the university to be a member of the Student Hall of Fame there. He has B.A. and J.D. degrees from the University of Mississippi and a LL.M. degree from Yale University.
The occupation of the Baltic states was the military occupation of the three Baltic states -- Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania -- by the Soviet Union under the auspices of the Molotov -- Ribbentrop Pact on 14 June 1940 followed by their incorporation into the USSR as constituent republics, unrecognised by most Western powers. On 22 June 1941, Nazi Germany attacked the USSR and within weeks occupied the Baltic territories. In July 1941, the Baltic territory was incorporated into the Reichskommissariat Ostland of the Third Reich. As a result of the Baltic Offensive of 1944, the Soviet Union recaptured most of the Baltic states and trapped the remaining German forces in the Courland pocket until their formal surrender in May 1945. The Soviet ``annexation occupation ''(Annexionsbesetzung or occupation sui generis) of the Baltic states lasted until August 1991, when the Baltic states regained independence.
Chemistry was a comedy-drama series that debuted on Cinemax as a part of its Max After Dark lineup on August 19, 2011. It followed the affair of an attorney and a police officer, which began after the officer saved the attorney from a car wreck. The last episode aired on November 18, 2011.
Melissa Pam Ordway Gaston (born March 31, 1983) is an American actress and model. She has modeled in many campaigns and acted in such films as 17 Again and on television in Privileged. She currently portrays the character of Abby Newman on the drama series The Young and the Restless.
Michael Earl Schoeffling (born December 10, 1960) is an American former actor and male model, known for playing Jake Ryan in Sixteen Candles, Kuch in Vision Quest, and Joe in Mermaids.
On 15 May 1948, the ongoing civil war transformed into an inter-state conflict between Israel and the Arab states, following the Israeli Declaration of Independence the previous day. A combined invasion by Egypt, Jordan and Syria, together with expeditionary forces from Iraq, entered Palestine -- Jordan having declared privately to Yishuv emissaries on 2 May that it would abide by a decision not to attack the Jewish state. The invading forces took control of the Arab areas and immediately attacked Israeli forces and several Jewish settlements. The 10 months of fighting, interrupted by several truce periods, took place mostly on the former territory of the British Mandate and for a short time also in the Sinai Peninsula and southern Lebanon.
Aniek van Koot (born 15 August 1990) is a Dutch wheelchair tennis player. She is a former Australian Open and US Open champion and World Number One. In doubles competitions, partnering Jiske Griffioen she has won the French Open, US Open and Doubles Masters.
Common Sense is a pamphlet written by Thomas Paine in 1775 -- 76 advocating independence from Great Britain to people in the Thirteen Colonies. Written in clear and persuasive prose, Paine marshaled moral and political arguments to encourage common people in the Colonies to fight for egalitarian government. It was published anonymously on January 10, 1776, at the beginning of the American Revolution, and became an immediate sensation.
The New International Version (NIV) is an English translation of the Bible first published in 1978 by Biblica (formerly the International Bible Society). The NIV was published to meet the need for a modern translation done by Bible scholars using the earliest, highest quality manuscripts available. Of equal importance was that the Bible be expressed in broadly understood modern English.
Santa Cruz de las Flores is the name of a town located south of Tlajomulco de Zuñiga, in the state of Jalisco, Mexico. It has been called Xochitlan, meaning "Place of Flowers" ("xōchitl" is Nahuatl for flower ).
Lansdowne River, a watercourse of the Manning River catchment, is located in the Mid North Coast district of New South Wales, Australia.
Following the secession of Texas in February 1861 and its joining the Confederacy, a battalion of the 2nd Texas Mounted Rifles under Lieutenant Colonel John R. Baylor was sent to occupy the series of forts along the western Texas frontier which had been abandoned by the Union Army. Baylor's orders from the Department of Texas commander, Colonel Earl Van Dorn, allowed him to advance into New Mexico in order to attack the Union forts along the Rio Grande if he thought the situation called for such measures. Convinced that the Union force at Fort Fillmore would soon attack, Baylor decided to take the initiative and launch an attack of his own.
The Somali Latin alphabet is an official writing script in the Federal Republic of Somalia and its constituent Federal Member States. It was developed by the Somali linguist Shire Jama Ahmed specifically for transcribing the Somali language, and is based on the Latin script. The Somali Latin alphabet uses all letters of the English Latin alphabet except "p", "v" and "z". There are no diacritics or other special characters, although it includes three consonant digraphs: DH, KH and SH. Tone is not marked and a word-initial glottal stop is also not shown. Capital letters are used for names and at the beginning of a sentence.
William Shakespeare was the son of John Shakespeare, an alderman and a successful glover (glove-maker) originally from Snitterfield, and Mary Arden, the daughter of an affluent landowning farmer. He was born in Stratford-upon-Avon and baptised there on 26 April 1564. His actual date of birth remains unknown, but is traditionally observed on 23 April, Saint George's Day. This date, which can be traced to a mistake made by an 18th-century scholar, has proved appealing to biographers because Shakespeare died on the same date in 1616. He was the third of eight children, and the eldest surviving son.
Janesville Assembly Plant is a former automobile factory owned by General Motors located in Janesville, Wisconsin. Opened in 1919, it was the oldest operating GM plant when it was largely idled in December 2008, and ceased all remaining production on April 23, 2009. The demolition of the plant began in April 2018.
Nimrod Hunt is a science fiction novel by Charles Sheffield. The story takes place hundreds of years in the future, with humanity having extensively colonized surrounding space, including beyond the solar system. Humans have encountered three extraterrestrial races, which although all bizarrely different in physiology and psychology coexist peacefully. In order to defend from unknown threats beyond known space, a security company creates highly advanced robotic soldiers to patrol the border. These go haywire and become the single greatest threat. A series of four-member teams, with a representative from each species, is dispatched to deal with the problem. The action of the story follows one such team.
Super Mario Bros. 2 is a platform game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The game was first released in North America in October 1988, and in PAL regions the following year. Super Mario Bros. 2 has been remade or re-released for several video game consoles.
Men's Singles 2018 Australian Open Champion Roger Federer Runner - up Marin Čilić Final score 6 -- 2, 6 -- 7, 6 -- 3, 3 -- 6, 6 -- 1 Details Draw 128 (16 Q / 8 WC) Seeds 32 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends men women mixed WC Singles men women quad WC Doubles men women quad ← 2017 Australian Open 2019 →
The total energy of a system can be subdivided and classified in various ways. For example, classical mechanics distinguishes between kinetic energy, which is determined by an object's movement through space, and potential energy, which is a function of the position of an object within a field. It may also be convenient to distinguish gravitational energy, thermal energy, several types of nuclear energy (which utilize potentials from the nuclear force and the weak force), electric energy (from the electric field), and magnetic energy (from the magnetic field), among others. Many of these classifications overlap; for instance, thermal energy usually consists partly of kinetic and partly of potential energy.
``Home Alone Tonight ''is a song recorded by American country music artist Luke Bryan as a duet with Karen Fairchild of American country music group Little Big Town for his fifth studio album, Kill the Lights (2015). Upon the release of the album, the song entered the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart at number 33 on the strength of digital downloads. It was serviced to American country radio on November 23, 2015 as the album's third official single.
Frank Aaen is an educated economist and holds a master's degree in economics from Aalborg University which he received in 1985.
Kirby's Return to Dream Land, released in Europe and Australia as Kirby's Adventure Wii, is a "Kirby" video game and the twelfth platform installment of the series, developed by HAL Laboratory, and published by Nintendo. While "Kirby's Epic Yarn" was released in 2010, "Kirby's Return to Dream Land" is the first traditional "Kirby" platforming home console game since "", which was released in 2000 for the Nintendo 64. The title was released in North America on October 24, 2011, in Japan on October 27, 2011, in Europe on November 25, 2011, and in Australia on December 1, 2011.
The Housing Development Board (HDB) continued to promote public housing with new towns, such as Ang Mo Kio, being designed and built. These new residential estates have larger and higher-standard apartments and are served with better amenities. Today, 80–90% of the population lives in HDB apartments. In 1987, the first Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) line began operation, connecting most of these housing estates and the city centre.The political situation in Singapore continues to be dominated by the People's Action Party.  The PAP won all the parliamentary seats in every election between 1966 and 1981. The PAP rule is termed authoritarian by some activists and opposition politicians who see the strict regulation of political and media activities by the government as an infringement on political rights. The conviction of opposition politician Chee Soon Juan for illegal protests and the defamation lawsuits against J.B. Jeyaretnam have been cited by the opposition parties as examples of such authoritarianism. The lack of separation of powers between the court system and the government led to further accusations by the opposition parties of miscarriage of justice.
Sonchat Ratiwatana (, ), nicknamed Ton (, ; born January 23, 1982 in Bangkok) is a professional tennis player from Thailand. In 2007, Sonchat and his twin brother Sanchai Ratiwatana won their first ATP doubles title in Bangkok in their home country. In the final, the team beat 2007 Wimbledon men's doubles winner Michaël Llodra and 2007 U.S. Open men's doubles semifinalist Nicolas Mahut. He reached his highest doubles ranking at world number 39 as of 28 April 2008. He plays right-handed and turned professional in 2004. He and his twin brother played in their first grand slam tournament during the Australian Open in 2008, where they lost to the eventual finalist pairing of Arnaud Clément & Michaël Llodra of France in the first round.
This is a list of Notre Dame Fighting Irish football head coaches. The Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team is the football team of the University of Notre Dame, located in South Bend, Indiana, United States. The team competes as an Independent at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision level. Notre Dame has produced more All - Americans than any other Football Bowl Subdivision school. Additionally, seven Fighting Irish football players have won the Heisman Trophy. Notre Dame is one of only two Catholic universities that field a team in the Football Bowl Subdivision, the other being Boston College, and one of a handful of programs independent of a football conference. The team plays its home games on Notre Dame's campus at Notre Dame Stadium, also known as the ``House that Rockne Built, ''which has a capacity of 80,795. The current head coach is Brian Kelly.
Holden is a lake in the municipality of Verran in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is located about west of the village of Malm and about north of the village of Follafoss. The lake has a dam on the southern end to control the water for hydroelectric power. The lake flows out into the Follaelva river which flows into the Trondheimsfjord at the village of Follafoss.
Catch That Kid is a 2004 American adventure comedy film directed by Bart Freundlich and starring Kristen Stewart, Corbin Bleu, Max Thieriot, Jennifer Beals, and Sam Robards. It is a remake of the Danish blockbuster "Klatretøsen" (2002). The film's working titles were "Mission Without Permission" (also the film's UK title as well as part of one of the taglines), "Catch That Girl", and "Catch That Kid!"
Virginia is located in Lempira Honduras and shares a border with El Salvador. Many Virginians travel to El Salvador to do their shopping, because the Honduran cities are far away from Virginia.
Somalis (Somali: Soomaali, Arabic: صومال‎) are an ethnic group inhabiting the Horn of Africa (Somali Peninsula). The overwhelming majority of Somalis speak the Somali language, which is part of the Cushitic branch of the Afro-Asiatic family. They are predominantly Sunni Muslim. Ethnic Somalis number around 16-20 million and are principally concentrated in Somalia (around 12.3 million), Ethiopia (4.6 million), Kenya (2.4 million), and Djibouti (464,600), with many also residing in parts of the Middle East, North America and Europe.
The word Hindu is derived from the Indo - Aryan and Sanskrit word Sindhu, which means ``a large body of water '', covering`` river, ocean''. It was used as the name of the Indus river and also referred to its tributaries. The actual term 'hindu' first occurs, states Gavin Flood, as ``a Persian geographical term for the people who lived beyond the river Indus (Sanskrit: Sindhu) '', more specifically in the 6th - century BCE inscription of Darius I. The Punjab region, called Sapta Sindhava in the Vedas, is called Hapta Hindu in Zend Avesta. The 6th - century BCE inscription of Darius I mentions the province of Hi (n) dush, referring to northwestern India. The people of India were referred to as Hinduvān (Hindus) and hindavī was used as the adjective for Indian in the 8th century text Chachnama. The term 'Hindu' in these ancient records is an ethno - geographical term and did not refer to a religion. The Arabic equivalent Al - Hind likewise referred to the country of India.
"Out Where the Buses Don't Run" is the third episode of the of the American crime drama television series "Miami Vice". The episode first aired on NBC on 18 October 1985. It featured guest star Bruce McGill as an eccentric retired police officer attempting to aid Metro-Dade detectives James "Sonny" Crockett and Ricardo "Rico" Tubbs in the search for a missing drug lord.
The University of Oklahoma has several institutions of higher learning in the city and metropolitan area, with OU Medicine and the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center campuses located east of downtown in the Oklahoma Health Center district, and the main campus located to the south in the suburb of Norman. The OU Medicine hosting the state's only Level-One trauma center. OU Health Sciences Center is one of the nation's largest independent medical centers, employing more than 12,000 people. OU is one of only four major universities in the nation to operate six medical schools.[clarification needed]
Portugal spearheaded European exploration of the world and the Age of Discovery. Prince Henry the Navigator, son of King João I, became the main sponsor and patron of this endeavour. During this period, Portugal explored the Atlantic Ocean, discovering several Atlantic archipelagos like the Azores, Madeira, and Cape Verde, explored the African coast, colonized selected areas of Africa, discovered an eastern route to India via the Cape of Good Hope, discovered Brazil, explored the Indian Ocean, established trading routes throughout most of southern Asia, and sent the first direct European maritime trade and diplomatic missions to China and Japan.
Change of Heart is a 1978 album by Eric Carmen. It was his third solo LP, and reached #137 on the "Billboard" album chart.
George Crockett Strong (October 16, 1832 – July 30, 1863) was a Union brigadier general in the American Civil War.
Alessandro Campeggio was born in Bologna on 12 April 1504, the son of Lorenzo Campeggio and Francesca Guastavillani. His father was married and had five children, but after the death of Francesca, he entered the ecclesiastical estate and himself became a cardinal. Educated at home, Alessandro Campeggio studied Italian letters, Latin, Ancient Greek, philosophy, and Christian theology.
Priscus was born in the Roman province of Syria, possibly in Damascus, son of a Julius Marinus a local Roman citizen, possibly of some importance. The name of his mother is unknown, but his brother was Marcus Julius Philippus, later the Roman Emperor known as "Philip the Arab".
Ram Nath Kovind (born 1 October 1945) is the 14th and current President of India, in office since 25 July 2017. Previously he had served as the Governor of Bihar from 2015 to 2017 and was a Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha from 1994 to 2006. Kovind was nominated as a presidential candidate by the ruling NDA coalition and won the 2017 presidential election, becoming the second Dalit to be elected to the post of President.
Erich Adickes (29 June 1866, Lesum – 8 July 1928, Tübingen) - German philosopher who wrote many important works on Immanuel Kant (1724-1804) and the Kantian philosophy. Adickes was a critical empiricist (moderate Kantian).
Long Sukang (also known as Sukang) is a Lun Bawang settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching.
Pinball Construction Set ("PCS") is a video game by Bill Budge published by Electronic Arts. It was developed for the Apple II and ported to the Atari 8-bit family and Commodore 64 in 1983. "Pinball Construction Set" created a new genre of video games—the "builder" or "construction set" class of games. Users can construct their own virtual pinball machine by dropping bumpers, flippers, spinners and other pinball paraphernalia onto a table. Attributes such as gravity and the physics model can be modified. Users can save their creations and develop custom artwork to go along with them. Tables can be saved on floppy disks and freely traded; "Pinball Construction Set" is not needed to play the tables.
In thermodynamics, the Gibbs free energy (IUPAC recommended name: Gibbs energy or Gibbs function; also known as free enthalpy to distinguish it from Helmholtz free energy) is a thermodynamic potential that can be used to calculate the maximum of reversible work that may be performed by a thermodynamic system at a constant temperature and pressure (isothermal, isobaric). The Gibbs free energy (ΔGo = ΔHo - TΔSo) (J in SI units) is the maximum amount of non-expansion work that can be extracted from a thermodynamically closed system (one that can exchange heat and work with its surroundings, but not matter); this maximum can be attained only in a completely reversible process. When a system transforms reversibly from an initial state to a final state, the decrease in Gibbs free energy equals the work done by the system to its surroundings, minus the work of the pressure forces.
Three weeks later, on May 5, 1961, Alan Shepard became the first American in space, launched in a ballistic trajectory on Mercury-Redstone 3, in a spacecraft he named Freedom 7. Though he did not achieve orbit like Gagarin, he was the first person to exercise manual control over his spacecraft's attitude and retro-rocket firing. After his successful return, Shepard was celebrated as a national hero, honored with parades in Washington, New York and Los Angeles, and received the NASA Distinguished Service Medal from President John F. Kennedy.
Ultimately, Epic was able to prepare to release Fortnite as a paid early access title in July 2017, with plans to release it as free - to - play sometime in 2018 while gaining feedback from players to improve the game. With the release of Fortnite Battle Royale, the player - versus - environment mode was distinguished as ``Save the World ''.
Boston has been a noted religious center from its earliest days. The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston serves nearly 300 parishes and is based in the Cathedral of the Holy Cross (1875) in the South End, while the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts, with the Cathedral Church of St. Paul (1819) as its episcopal seat, serves just under 200 congregations. Unitarian Universalism has its headquarters on Beacon Hill. The Christian Scientists are headquartered in Back Bay at the Mother Church (1894). The oldest church in Boston is First Church in Boston, founded in 1630. King's Chapel, the city's first Anglican church, was founded in 1686 and converted to Unitarianism in 1785. Other churches include Christ Church (better known as Old North Church, 1723), the oldest church building in the city, Trinity Church (1733), Park Street Church (1809), Old South Church (1874), Jubilee Christian Church and Basilica and Shrine of Our Lady of Perpetual Help on Mission Hill (1878).
Rafiq is the author of 12 books on Islam and Contemporary Religion written both in English and Urdu. He was editor of 2 English magazines, "The Review of Religions" and "The Muslim Herald". He was also on the Editorial Board of the Islamic Magazine "Al Furqan", published from Pakistan.
In 1892, the brand Poggenpohl was established as a white lacquer furniture company founded by Freidemir Poggenpohl. Poggenpohl was successful with introducing ergonomic work-top heights, and storage innovations aimed at improving the kitchen. In 1923, Poggenpohl introduced a free-standing commodious cupboard called "The Ideal" which was also adopted by American cabinet manufacturer Kitchen Maid. The Poggenpohl cupboard was the forerunner of "The Fitted Kitchen" in the "Era of the Commodious Cupboard". The company continued to create new products and techniques; in 1928, it introduced the reform kitchen, a significant innovation in the industry, and in 1930, it created the 'ten-layer polished lacquer technique'.
The Stack's Mountains are a mountain range about seven kilometres northeast of Tralee, along the N69 road in County Kerry in Ireland.
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman. Directed by Zack Snyder, it is the second installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU), following 2013's Man of Steel. It was written by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter, and Gal Gadot. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is the first live - action film to feature Batman and Superman together, as well as the first live - action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman. In the film, criminal mastermind Lex Luthor (Eisenberg) manipulates Batman (Affleck) into a preemptive battle with Superman (Cavill), who Luthor is obsessed with defeating.
WEKL, known on-air as "102.3 K-Love", is a Contemporary Christian radio station in the United States, licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to Augusta, Georgia, broadcasting on 102.3 MHz with an ERP of 1.5 kW. Its studios are located at the Augusta Corporate Center with the market’s other iHeartMedia owned sister stations in Augusta, and the transmitter is located in Augusta near Fort Gordon.
The Central Library is the main library of the Kansas City Public Library system, which is located in the Library District of Downtown Kansas City, Missouri, United States. It is situated at 14 West 10th Street, at the corner of West 10th Street and Baltimore Avenue, across Baltimore Avenue from the Kansas City Club and up from the New York Life Building. It contains the administration of Kansas City's library system.
The Infiniti J30, or Nissan Leopard J Ferie in Japan, was a rear wheel drive luxury car. The J30 went into production on April 7, 1992 as a 1993 model to replace the M30 (which was a coupe), and was launched in the United States after its competitor, the Lexus GS. The car was designed to slot between the smaller G20 and the larger Q45, as Infiniti's first mid-size sedan to compete directly with the Acura Legend. Also, it was fairly small but featured rounded styling uncharacteristic of the crowded executive car class, that is now reminiscent of a four-door coupé. Chief designer for the J30 was Jerry Hirshberg, president of Nissan Design International (NDI) and exterior designer Doug Wilson in 1988-1989. Design work was frozen in 1989. In a promotional video produced in 1994, it was referred to as a "personal luxury sedan" as attempt to define it as a four-door coupé. It has the round looks of the Nissan Altima/Bluebird U13.
Windows 8 development started before Windows 7 had shipped in 2009. At the Consumer Electronics Show in January 2011, it was announced that the next version of Windows would add support for ARM system-on-chips alongside the existing x86 processors produced by vendors, especially AMD and Intel. Windows division president Steven Sinofsky demonstrated an early build of the port on prototype devices, while Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer announced the company's goal for Windows to be "everywhere on every kind of device without compromise." Details also began to surface about a new application framework for Windows 8 codenamed "Jupiter", which would be used to make "immersive" applications using XAML (similarly to Windows Phone and Silverlight) that could be distributed via a new packaging system and a rumored application store.
Cynthia Willett is Samuel Candler Dobbs Professor of Philosophy at Emory University, where she is also affiliated faculty with Women, Gender, and Sexuality Studies and with the Psychoanalytic Studies Program. She has written influential books on intersectional feminism and founded Emory's Institute for the History of Philosophy. Willett was on the American Philosophical Association's Executive Board between 2008 and 2010, and was recently the co-director of the Society for Phenomenology and Existential Philosophy. She earned her Ph.D. in 1988 from Pennsylvania State University.
Shale is a web application framework maintained by the Apache Software Foundation. It is fundamentally based on JavaServer Faces. As of May 2009 Apache Shale has been retired and moved to the Apache Attic.
The tune features an electric sitar solo by Denny Dias. The ``plastic organ ''solo by Donald Fagen was performed on a Yamaha YC - 30 with a sliding pitch - bending control.
``All Star ''is a song by American rock band Smash Mouth. It was released on May 4, 1999, as the second single from their album Astro Lounge and it is one of the group's most successful songs, peaking at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100.
The political structure of Western Europe changed with the end of the united Roman Empire. Although the movements of peoples during this period are usually described as "invasions", they were not just military expeditions but migrations of entire peoples into the empire. Such movements were aided by the refusal of the western Roman elites to support the army or pay the taxes that would have allowed the military to suppress the migration. The emperors of the 5th century were often controlled by military strongmen such as Stilicho (d. 408), Aspar (d. 471), Ricimer (d. 472), or Gundobad (d. 516), who were partly or fully of non-Roman background. When the line of western emperors ceased, many of the kings who replaced them were from the same background. Intermarriage between the new kings and the Roman elites was common. This led to a fusion of Roman culture with the customs of the invading tribes, including the popular assemblies that allowed free male tribal members more say in political matters than was common in the Roman state. Material artefacts left by the Romans and the invaders are often similar, and tribal items were often modelled on Roman objects. Much of the scholarly and written culture of the new kingdoms was also based on Roman intellectual traditions. An important difference was the gradual loss of tax revenue by the new polities. Many of the new political entities no longer supported their armies through taxes, instead relying on granting them land or rents. This meant there was less need for large tax revenues and so the taxation systems decayed. Warfare was common between and within the kingdoms. Slavery declined as the supply weakened, and society became more rural.[F]
Article 124 (4) of Constitution of India lays down the procedure for removal of a Judge of Supreme Court which is applicable to Chief Justice as well. Once appointed, the Chief Justice remains in the office until the age of 65 years. He can be removed only through a process of impeachment by Parliament as follows:
Irkutsky District () is an administrative district, one of the thirty-three in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. Municipally, it is incorporated as Irkutsky Municipal District. It is located in the south of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the city of Irkutsk (which is not administratively a part of the district). As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 84,322.
Zena Tsarfin graduated with dual degrees in journalism and political science from Brooklyn College. While attending college, she entered the publishing industry at 19 as an intern for the magazine "High Times". She later returned to "High Times", serving as the magazine's managing editor until 2001 and then again from March 2006 to January 2007. From 2014–2016, Tsarfin was"High Times"' director of digital media.
"Shrek" premiered at the 2001 Cannes Film Festival, where it competed for the Palme d'Or, making it the first animated film since Disney's "Peter Pan" (1953) to receive that honor. It was widely praised as an animated film that featured adult-oriented humor and themes, while catering to children at the same time. The film was theatrically released in the United States on May 18, 2001, and grossed $484.4 million worldwide against production budget of $60 million. "Shrek" won the first ever Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and was also nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay. It also earned six award nominations from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA), ultimately winning Best Adapted Screenplay. The film's success helped establish DreamWorks Animation as a prime competitor to Pixar in feature film computer animation, and three sequels were released—"Shrek 2" (2004), "Shrek the Third" (2007), and "Shrek Forever After" (2010)—along with two holiday specials, a spin-off film, and a stage musical that kickstarted the "Shrek" franchise. Although plans for a fifth film were cancelled prior to the fourth film's release, the project was revived in 2016 and has since stalled, with production and a potential release date getting pushed back.
Barredos (Los Barreros in Asturian) is one of nine parishes (administrative divisions) in Laviana, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain. The population is 1,677 people.
The two kingdoms of Upper and Lower Egypt were united c. 3000 BC, but each maintained its own regalia: the hedjet or White Crown for Upper Egypt and the deshret or Red Crown for Lower Egypt. Thus, the pharaohs were known as the rulers of the Two Lands, and wore the pschent, a double crown, each half representing sovereignty of one of the kingdoms. Ancient Egyptian tradition credited Menes, now believed to be the same as Narmer, as the king who united Upper and Lower Egypt. On the Narmer Palette the king is depicted wearing the Red Crown in one scene and the White crown in another, and thereby showing his rule over both Lands.
The Zec de la Rivière-Nouvelle (River Nova) is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée" (controlled harvesting zone) (zec) in the unorganized territory of Rivière-Nouvelle, in Avignon Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region Gaspésie-Îles-de-la-Madeleine, in Quebec, in Canada. The main purpose of the ZEC is the management of salmon fishing.
Urbain Cancelier (born 2 August 1959) is a French comedian and actor, primarily known for his collaborations with French film director Jean-Pierre Jeunet, and for playing Collignon in "Le Fabuleux Destin d'Amélie Poulain".
The New York City Subway is a rapid transit system owned by the City of New York and leased to the New York City Transit Authority, a subsidiary agency of the state - run Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA). Opened in 1904, the New York City Subway is one of the world's oldest public transit systems, one of the world's most used metro systems, and the metro system with the most stations. It offers service 24 hours per day on every day of the year.
Crumbling Idols is a collection of 12 essays written and completed by Hamlin Garland in 1894. Garland was one of the most prominent American authors of the early 20th century, and contributed heavily to the literary movement known as American Realism. His work, "Crumbling Idols", expresses his views and manifesto as a veritist (realist) artist. In it, he repeatedly emphasizes the importance of a uniquely American literature, one that breaks away from tradition and the past and focuses on the present in order to depict reality through the artists own eyes.
Interliner is an express bus system in the Netherlands. In this country the backbone of medium and long distance public transport is the railroad system. Long distance buses are used complementarily. While most bus lines have many stops or only span small distances (e.g. within cities), Interliner buses travel longer distances with fewer stops, to cover itineraries not served by train, either because the destination is not on the railroad system, or because travel by train would require a considerable detour.
Ty Cobb holds the record for highest career batting average with. 366, 9 points higher than Rogers Hornsby who has the second highest average in history at. 358. The record for lowest career batting average for a player with more than 2,500 at - bats belongs to Bill Bergen, a catcher who played from 1901 to 1911 and recorded a. 170 average in 3,028 career at - bats. The modern - era record for highest batting average for a season is held by Napoleon Lajoie, who hit. 426 in 1901, the first year of play for the American League. The modern - era record for lowest batting average for a player that qualified for the batting title is held by Rob Deer, who hit. 179 in 1991. While finishing six plate appearances short of qualifying for the batting title, Adam Dunn of the Chicago White Sox hit. 159 for the 2011 season, twenty points (and 11.2%) lower than the record. The highest batting average for a rookie was. 408 in 1911 by Shoeless Joe Jackson.
The multi-national Communist armed forces' sole joint action was the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia in August 1968. All member countries, with the exception of the Socialist Republic of Romania and the People's Republic of Albania participated in the invasion.
Burt Reynolds as Bo Darville (``Bandit '') Sally Field as Carrie (`` Frog'') Jerry Reed as Cledus Snow (``Snowman '') Jackie Gleason as Sheriff Buford T. Justice (`` Smokey'') Mike Henry as Junior Justice Pat McCormick as Big Enos Burdette Paul Williams as Little Enos Burdette Macon McCalman as Mr. B Susan McIver as Hot Pants George Reynolds as Sheriff Branford Laura Lizer Sommers as Little Beaver Michael Mann as Branford's Deputy Lamar Jackson as Sugar Bear Ronnie Gay as Georgia Trooper Quinnon Sheffield as Alabama Trooper Alfie Wise as Patrolman Pat Hustis as Tow Truck Driver Ingeborg Kjeldsen as Foxy Lady Ben Jones as Trucker # 1 Joe Klecko as Trucker # 2 Hank Worden as Trucker # 3
The history of Agriculture in India dates back to Indus Valley Civilization Era and even before that in some parts of Southern India. Today, India ranks second worldwide in farm output. Agriculture and allied sectors like forestry and fisheries accounted for 13.7% of the GDP (gross domestic product) in 2013, about 50% of the workforce. The economic contribution of agriculture to India's GDP is steadily declining with the country's broad - based economic growth. Still, agriculture is demographically the broadest economic sector and plays a significant role in the overall socio - economic fabric of India.
Café Griensteidl was a traditional Viennese café located at Michaelerplatz 2 across from St. Michael's Church and St. Michael's Gate at the Hofburg Palace in the Innere Stadt first district of Vienna, Austria. The cafe was founded in 1847 by former pharmacist Heinrich Griensteidl. In January 1897, the original building was demolished during the course of the renovation of Michaelerplatz. During the early twentieth century, the café was frequented by many artists, musicians, and writers, including Hugo von Hofmannsthal, Arthur Schnitzler, Arnold Schoenberg, Alexander Zemlinsky, Hermann Bahr, Friedrich Eckstein, Rudolf Steiner, Hugo Wolf, and Stefan Zweig.
Bartow is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pocahontas County, West Virginia, USA. As of the 2010 census, its population was 111.
Haifa District (, "Mehoz Ḥeifa"; ) is an administrative district surrounding the city of Haifa, Israel. The district is one of seven administrative districts of Israel, and its capital is Haifa. The district land area is 864 km (299.3 mi).
During the 19th and 20th century, many national political parties organized themselves into international organizations along similar policy lines. Notable examples are The Universal Party, International Workingmen's Association (also called the First International), the Socialist International (also called the Second International), the Communist International (also called the Third International), and the Fourth International, as organizations of working class parties, or the Liberal International (yellow), Hizb ut-Tahrir, Christian Democratic International and the International Democrat Union (blue). Organized in Italy in 1945, the International Communist Party, since 1974 headquartered in Florence has sections in six countries.[citation needed] Worldwide green parties have recently established the Global Greens. The Universal Party, The Socialist International, the Liberal International, and the International Democrat Union are all based in London. Some administrations (e.g. Hong Kong) outlaw formal linkages between local and foreign political organizations, effectively outlawing international political parties.
The Monastery and Church of San Pietro (St Peter) is a building complex located on Via San Pietro in central Modena, Italy. The site still hosts an active Benedictine monastery, and the temple now serves as a parish church.
Northern Nigeria was an autonomous division within Nigeria, distinctly different from the southern part of the country, with independent customs, foreign relations and security structures. In 1962 it acquired the territory of the British Northern Cameroons, which voted to become a province within Northern Nigeria.
Anthony "Tony" Waters (10 April 1928 – 20 November 1987) was a field hockey player from Australia, who won the bronze medal with the Men's National Team at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Fuendejalón () is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census the municipality has a population of 953 inhabitants.
The word "Slavs" was used in the national anthem of the Slovak Republic (1939–1945), Yugoslavia (1943–1992) and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (1992–2003), later Serbia and Montenegro (2003–2006).
The Lion was an automobile built in Adrian, Michigan, United States, by the Lion Motor Car Company from 1909-12. The Lion had a four-cylinder 40 hp engine, and was available in at least three body types. The 1912 model cost $1,600 and came equipped with internal expanding brakes with drums of diameter. A fire in 1912 destroyed 150 cars in the factory, and the company never recovered and closed. Only two examples remain; one in a museum in Adrian, Michigan and another in Australia.
Since the 2012 -- 13 NHL season all teams not qualifying for the Stanley Cup playoffs have a ``weighted ''chance at winning the first overall selection. Beginning with the 2014 -- 15 NHL season the NHL changed the weighting system that was used in previous years. Under the new system the odds of winning the draft lottery for the four lowest finishing teams in the league decreased, while the odds for the other non-playoff teams increased. The first three picks overall in this draft were awarded by lottery. The odds of winning the second and third draws increased on a proportional basis depending on which team won the previous draw. In the 2017 draft lottery, the expansion Vegas Golden Knights had the same odds of winning the lottery as the team that finished with the third fewest points in the 2016 -- 17 NHL season (this ended up being the Arizona Coyotes). Vegas earned the lowest possible pick that they could receive, and selected sixth overall in the first - round and third in each subsequent round of this draft. The New Jersey Devils, Philadelphia Flyers, and Dallas Stars won the draft lotteries that took place on April 29, 2017, giving them the first, second and third picks overall. New Jersey moved up four spots to earn the first selection, while Philadelphia and Dallas moved up from the thirteenth and eighth spots, respectively. In the process, the Colorado Avalanche, Vancouver Canucks, Vegas Golden Knights, and Arizona Coyotes were each knocked down three places from first, second, third and fourth overall, respectively, while the Buffalo Sabres and Detroit Red Wings dropped two spots and the Florida Panthers, Los Angeles Kings, Carolina Hurricanes, and Winnipeg Jets each dropped one place.
The Cultural Center of the Philippines (Filipino: Sentrong Pangkultura ng Pilipinas, or CCP) is a government owned and controlled corporation established to preserve, develop and promote arts and culture in the Philippines. The CCP was established through Executive Order No. 30 s. 1966 by President Ferdinand Marcos. Although an independent corporation of the Philippine government, it receives an annual subsidy and is placed under the National Commission for Culture and the Arts for purposes of policy coordination. The CCP is headed by an 11 - member Board of Trustees, currently headed by Chairperson Emily Abrera. Its current president is Arsenio Lizaso.
BBC African Footballer of the Year Presented by BBC World Service First awarded 1992 Currently held by Mohamed Salah Television / radio coverage Network BBC
Festival Stozhary is the international actors film festival which takes place in Kiev, Ukraine. The name of the festival is an Old Slavonic counterpart for the asterism of Pleiades. In the mythology of ancient Greece Pleiads were the 7 beautiful daughters of the Titan Atlas and the sea-nymph Pleione. Turned into 7 birds by Zeus they later became 7 bright stars, which formed beautiful constellation.
Name Country Date of birth Debut Age as at 27 August 2017 Rangana Herath Sri Lanka 19 March 1978 22 September 1999 7004144060000000000 ♠ 39 years, 161 days Zulfiqar Babar Pakistan 10 December 1978 14 October 2013 7004141400000000000 ♠ 38 years, 260 days Mohammad Hafeez Pakistan 17 October 1980 20 August 2003 7004134630000000000 ♠ 36 years, 314 days
WRNJ (1510 AM) is a radio station in Hackettstown, New Jersey broadcasting an adult contemporary format. The station is owned locally by WRNJ Radio, Inc. and features programing from ABC News Radio.
In Paris in the 1880s, the Palais Garnier opera house is believed to be haunted by an entity known as the Phantom of the Opera, or simply the Opera Ghost. A stagehand named Joseph Buquet is found hanged and the rope around his neck goes missing. At a gala performance for the retirement of the opera house's two managers, a young little - known Swedish soprano, Christine Daaé, is called upon to sing in the place of the Opera's leading soprano, Carlotta, who is ill, and her performance is an astonishing success. The Vicomte Raoul de Chagny, who was present at the performance, recognizes her as his childhood playmate and recalls his love for her. He attempts to visit her backstage, where he hears a man complimenting her from inside her dressing room. He investigates the room once Christine leaves, only to find it empty.
New Delhi has one of India's largest bus transport systems. Buses are operated by the state-owned Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC), which owns largest fleet of compressed natural gas (CNG)-fueled buses in the world. Personal vehicles especially cars also form a major chunk of vehicles plying on New Delhi roads. New Delhi has the highest number of registered cars compared to any other metropolitan city in India. Taxis and Auto Rickshaws also ply on New Delhi roads in large numbers. New Delhi has one of the highest road density in India.
Between Miracles () is a 1971 Italian commedia all'italiana film written and directed by Italian actor Nino Manfredi, in his debut as feature film director.
Max Weber, in his sociological and philosophical work, identified and distinguished three types of legitimate domination (Herrschaft in German, which generally means' domination 'or' rule '), that have sometimes been rendered in English translation as types of authority, because domination is n't seen as a political concept in the first place. Weber defined domination (authority) as the chance of commands being obeyed by a specifiable group of people. Legitimate authority is that which is recognized as legitimate and justified by both the ruler and the ruled.
The Hobbit, or There and Back Again is a children's fantasy novel by English author J. R. R. Tolkien. It was published on 21 September 1937 to wide critical acclaim, being nominated for the Carnegie Medal and awarded a prize from the "New York Herald Tribune" for best juvenile fiction. The book remains popular and is recognized as a classic in children's literature.
TortoiseSVN is a Subversion client, implemented as a Microsoft Windows shell extension, that helps programmers manage different versions of the source code for their programs. It is free software released under the GNU General Public License.
Chakan: The Forever Man is a Sega Mega Drive/Genesis and Game Gear video game published by Sega of America during December 8, 1992. The game featured an uncommonly dark premise for the time of its release, which saw the home console market flooded with licensed platformers based on family-friendly media.
The first law of thermodynamics asserts that energy (but not necessarily thermodynamic free energy) is always conserved and that heat flow is a form of energy transfer. For homogeneous systems, with a well-defined temperature and pressure, a commonly used corollary of the first law is that, for a system subject only to pressure forces and heat transfer (e.g., a cylinder-full of gas) without chemical changes, the differential change in the internal energy of the system (with a gain in energy signified by a positive quantity) is given as
WRNX (100.9 FM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Amherst, Massachusetts. The station is owned by iHeartMedia and the broadcast license is held by CC Licenses, LLC.
Armando "Chato" Robles (born January 9, 1978 in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico) is a Mexican boxer in the Welterweight division and is the current Mexican National Light Welterweight Champion.
Ski Party is a 1965 American sex comedy film directed by Alan Rafkin and starring Frankie Avalon and Dwayne Hickman. It was released by American International Pictures (AIP). "Ski Party" is considered as a beach party film spin-off, with a change of setting from the beach to the ski slopes – although the final scene places everyone back at the beach.
In baseball statistics, on - base percentage (OBP) is a measure of how often a batter reaches base for any reason other than a fielding error, fielder's choice, dropped or uncaught third strike, fielder's obstruction, or catcher's interference. OBP is calculated in Major League Baseball (MLB) by dividing the sum of hits, walks, and times hit by a pitch by the sum of at - bats, walks, times hit by pitch and sacrifice flies. A hitter with a. 400 on - base percentage is considered to be great and rare; only 55 players in MLB history with at least 3,000 career plate appearances (PA) have maintained such an OBP. Left fielder Ted Williams, who played 19 seasons for the Boston Red Sox, has the highest career on - base percentage,. 4817, in MLB history. Williams led the American League (AL) in on - base percentage in twelve seasons, the most such seasons for any player in the major leagues. Barry Bonds led the National League (NL) in ten seasons, a NL record. Williams also posted the then - highest single - season on - base percentage of. 5528 in 1941, a record that stood for 61 years until Bonds broke it with a. 5817 OBP in 2002. Bonds broke his own record in 2004, setting the current single - season mark of. 6094.
On December 8, 1941, the United States Congress declared war (Public Law 77 - 328, 55 STAT 795) on the Empire of Japan in response to that country's surprise attack on Pearl Harbor the prior day. It was formulated an hour after the Infamy Speech of US President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Japan had sent a message to the United States to its embassy in Washington earlier, but because of problems at the embassy in decoding the very long message -- the high - security level assigned to the declaration meant that only personnel with very high clearances could decode it, which slowed down the process -- it was not delivered to the U.S. Secretary of State until after the Pearl Harbor attack. Following the U.S. declaration, Japan's allies, Germany and Italy, declared war on the United States, bringing the United States fully into World War II.
One of the characteristics of BYU most often pointed out is its reputation for emphasizing a "marriage culture". Members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints highly value marriage and family, especially marriage within the faith. Approximately 51 percent of the graduates in BYU's class of 2005 were married. This is compared to a national marriage average among college graduates of 11 percent. BYU students on average marry at the age of 22, according to a 2005 study, while the national average age is 25 years for men and 27 years for women.
In theism, God is the creator and sustainer of the universe, while in deism, God is the creator, but not the sustainer, of the universe. Monotheism is the belief in the existence of one God or in the oneness of God. In pantheism, God is the universe itself. In atheism, God is not believed to exist, while God is deemed unknown or unknowable within the context of agnosticism. God has also been conceived as being incorporeal (immaterial), a personal being, the source of all moral obligation, and the "greatest conceivable existent". Many notable philosophers have developed arguments for and against the existence of God.
Clarence Roy "Dick" Behling (March 16, 1916 in Berlin, Ontario – July 24, 1994) is a former professional hockey player that played for the Detroit Red Wings in the NHL. He also played for the Kitchener-Waterloo Dutchmen, the Indianapolis Capitals, the Detroit Holzbaugh-Fords, the Harringay Greyhounds and the Baltimore Orioles.
The Black Spectre was Carson Knowles, a Vietnam War veteran whose father was a politician. Upon returning, he discovered that his wife left him and his son was killed. He couldn't get a job and decided to get revenge on the city since they turned his back on him when he needed it most. Inspired by Moon Knight, Knowles became the Black Spectre, a master criminal. He also decided to run for Mayor of New York City. Knowles was defeated by Moon Knight and sent to prison.
Natalie Horler was born in Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany to British parents who had moved to Germany in 1980. Her father, David Horler, is a jazz musician and her mother, Christine, is a foreign languages teacher. Horler grew up with her 2 siblings. Natalie soon began singing jazz songs in her father's studio as well as songs from Disney movies.
"Swag It Out" is the official debut single by American singer Zendaya, known for starring in the series "Shake It Up". The song was composed by Bobby Brackins and was released on May 30, 2011 as the first single of Zendaya's career on an independent label, not being included on any album or soundtrack of Walt Disney Records, just their record label.
Adolf Fredrik Lindblad (1 February 1801, Skänninge – 23 August 1878, Linköping) was a Swedish composer from the Romantic era. He is mostly known for his compositions of Swedish song or "lieder", of which he produced over 200. His other well-known compositions include his "Symphony No. 1 in C major", "Symphony No. 2 in D major", and an opera titled "Frondörerna" ("The Rebels"). He was a well-respected friend of Felix Mendelssohn, and had a collaborative relationship with the famous Swedish soprano, Jenny Lind.
Federal judge salaries in the United States are determined by the United States Congress and are governed in part by the United States Constitution, depending in part on the court on which the judge sits. In particular, United States federal judges confirmed under Article III of the Constitution have compensation that ``shall not be diminished during their continuance in office. ''Other federal judges have salaries that may be adjusted without direct constitutional constraints, however statutory schemes usually govern these salaries. Debates over judicial salaries and their increase and treatment have occurred since the ratification of the Constitution.
Hong Kong Maritime Museum is a non-profit educational institution funded by the international shipping community and the government in Hong Kong. It is located at Central Pier 8, Hong Kong. The museum was reopened to the public in February 2013.
In 1864, as feared by Jeremy F. Gilmer, Atlanta did indeed become the target of a major Union invasion. The area now covered by metropolitan Atlanta was the scene of several fiercely contested battles, including the Battle of Peachtree Creek, the Battle of Atlanta, Battle of Ezra Church and the Battle of Jonesboro. On September 1, 1864, Confederate Gen. John Bell Hood evacuated Atlanta, after a five - week siege mounted by Union Gen. William Sherman, and ordered all public buildings and possible Confederate assets destroyed.
Kristin Espinasse was born in the southwestern USA and completed a liberal arts degree at Arizona State University. She met her husband Jean-Marc in Aix-en-Provence while on an exchange program in France. She moved to France in 1992. Her mother Jules lives in Mexico.
Both the Qing viceroy and the Taiping king resided in buildings that would later be known as the Presidential Palace. When Qing forces led by Zeng Guofan retook the city in 1864, a massive slaughter occurred in the city with over 100,000 estimated to have committed suicide or fought to the death. Since the Taiping Rebellion began, Qing forces allowed no rebels speaking its dialect to surrender. This policy of mass murder of civilians occurred in Nanjing.
The Nissan Fuga (Japanese: 日産・フーガ "Nissan Fūga") is a mid-size luxury sedan produced by Japanese automaker Nissan since October 2004. It is built on a wider, stretched wheelbase version of the Nissan FM platform. After the Nissan Cima and Nissan President were discontinued in August 2010, the Fuga became Nissan's flagship vehicle. In North America and Europe, the Fuga is sold as the second and third-generation Infiniti M (Q70 from 2014), where it has been the flagship of the Infiniti luxury division of Nissan since 2006.
The North African elephant (Loxodonta africana pharaoensis) was a subspecies of the African bush elephant (Loxodonta africana), or possibly a separate elephant species, that existed in North Africa north of the Sahara until becoming extinct in Roman times. These were the famous war elephants used by Carthage in the Punic Wars, their conflict with the Roman Republic. Although the subspecies has been formally described, it has not been widely recognized by taxonomists. Other names for this animal include the North African forest elephant, Carthaginian elephant, and Atlas elephant. Originally, its natural range probably extended across North Africa and down to the present Sudanese and Eritrean coasts.
Kashinka Hollow is a tributary of East Branch Briar Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Briar Creek Township. Its watershed has an area of . The median pH of the stream is 7.565. It has the lowest visual assessment score of any stream in the Briar Creek watershed. The stream's watershed lies over limestone, shale, siltstone, and mudstone.
The series concerns the adventures of Ted Mosby (played by Josh Radnor) narrating the story of how he met the mother of his children. The story goes into a flashback and starts in 2005 with a 27 - year - old Ted Mosby living in New York City and working as an architect; the narrative deals primarily with his best friends, including the long - lasting couple Marshall Eriksen (Jason Segel) and Lily Aldrin (Alyson Hannigan); the eccentric, womanizing - playboy Barney Stinson (Neil Patrick Harris); and news reporter Robin Scherbatsky (Cobie Smulders). The lives of all characters are entwined in each others. The series explores many storylines, including a ``will they or wo n't they ''relationship between Robin and each of the two single male friends, Marshall and Lily's relationship, and the ups and downs of the characters' careers.
Panduga Chesko () is a 2015 Telugu family comedy-drama film directed by Gopichand Malineni and produced by Paruchuri Kireeti on the United Movies banner. The film features Ram, Rakul Preet Singh and Sonal Chauhan in the lead roles and Brahmanandam, Sai Kumar in other important roles. The story was penned by Veligonda Srinivas and the screenplay was provided by Kona Venkat and Anil Ravipudi, with the former writing the dialogue. S. Thaman composed the music while Arthur A. Wilson and Gautham Raju handled the cinematography and editing of the film respectively.
The Dexter Coffin Bridge is a crossing for Interstate 91 over the Connecticut River north of Hartford, Connecticut, connecting the towns of Windsor Locks, Connecticut and East Windsor, Connecticut. It can be seen from the Windsor Locks Amtrak station.
Dunn Spur () is a prominent rock spur which descends from Mount Blackburn and extends for along the north side of Van Reeth Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Thomas H. Dunn of U.S. Navy Squadron VX-6, an aircrewman on photographic aircraft over Antarctica on Operation Deep Freeze 1964, 1966 and 1967.
TDRS-6, known before launch as TDRS-F, is an American communications satellite which is operated by NASA as part of the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System. It was constructed by TRW, and is based on a custom satellite bus which was used for all seven first generation TDRS satellites.
By the early 1970s Portugal's fast economic growth with increasing consumption and purchase of new automobiles set the priority for improvements in transportation. Again in the 1990s, after joining the European Economic Community, the country built many new motorways. Today, the country has a 68,732 km (42,708 mi) road network, of which almost 3,000 km (1,864 mi) are part of system of 44 motorways. Opened in 1944, the first motorway (which linked Lisbon to the National Stadium) was an innovative project that made Portugal among one of the first countries in the world to establish a motorway (this roadway eventually became the Lisbon-Cascais highway, or A5). But, although a few other tracts were created (around 1960 and 1970), it was only after the beginning of the 1980s that large-scale motorway construction was implemented. In 1972, Brisa, the highway concessionaire, was founded to handle the management of many of the regions motorways. On many highways, toll needs to be paid, see Via Verde. Vasco da Gama bridge is the longest bridge in Europe.
The "Notre Dame Victory March" is the fight song for the University of Notre Dame. It was written by two brothers who were Notre Dame graduates. The Rev. Michael J. Shea, a 1904 graduate, wrote the music, and his brother, John F. Shea, who earned degrees in 1906 and 1908, wrote the original lyrics. The lyrics were revised in the 1920s; it first appeared under the copyright of the University of Notre Dame in 1928. The chorus is, "Cheer cheer for old Notre Dame, wake up the echos cheering her name. Send a volley cheer on high, shake down the thunder from the sky! What though the odds be great or small, old Notre Dame will win over all. While her loyal sons are marching, onward to victory!"
"Getting Away with Murder" is the first single from the band Papa Roach's third album, "Getting Away with Murder". The song shows the band's new sound, the sound of the song is hard rock instead of their previous nu metal sound. The song also features no rapping at all, something that was used in Papa Roach's previous singles. The video is performance-based, showing the band playing in a Stock Exchange Hall with references filled with fans (including sexual imagery which led the band's lead singer Jacoby Shaddix to describe the video as "stocks and bondage" in an MTV2 interview). It was directed by Motion Theory. The song is also the former theme song for "WWE Tough Enough". It was featured in the 2004 video game "" It was also featured in the video game "MX vs. ATV Unleashed" in 2005. A "clean" remix of the song called "Getting Away With... (Gran Turismo 4 Vrenna/Walsh Remix)" was featured in "Gran Turismo 4"; it was a bit faster, had the heavily distorted guitars toned down, and had a backing whisper of the words "getting away" instead of "..with murder".
Listry GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club in Kerry, Ireland. The club is based in the east of Kerry just outside Killarney. It is a single sport club - it fields teams in Gaelic football only. The club plays in Div 2 of the county league and in East Kerry Leagues and Championships. Listrys success in recent years is mainly due to former Kerry minor and linchpin of the attack Donagh O'Regan.
Peggy "Peg" Littleton is the county commissioner for Colorado Springs, Colo., the second-largest city in Colorado and the 41st-largest city in the United States. Her Commissioner District 5 is a jurisdiction of El Paso County, Colo., the state's most populous county.
Haggard was born in London but grew up on a small farm in Clackmannanshire. He is the great-great-nephew of H. Rider Haggard, and is the son of the actor, poet and novelist Stephen Haggard who died in 1943. Haggard is married to stained glass artist Anna Sklovsky, with whom he has two children, the actress Daisy Haggard, and William Haggard who is an architect. He has four children by his first marriage, Sarah, Claire, Rachel and Philip.
Scanderbeg (; RV 732) is an opera ("dramma per musica") in three acts composed by Antonio Vivaldi to an Italian libretto by Antonio Salvi. It was first performed at the Teatro della Pergola in Florence on 22 June 1718 to mark the re-opening of the theatre to public performances. While the libretto has been preserved, only fragments of the original score remain.
Thomas ``Tom ''Hagen is a fictional character in Mario Puzo's novel Godfather and Francis Ford Coppola's films The Godfather and The Godfather Part II. He is portrayed by Robert Duvall in the films.
Fleur Adcock; the oldest of two sisters; was born in Papakura by Cyril John Adcock and Irene Robinson Adcock. She spent eight (8) years in England. Marilyn Duckworth; her sibling is the novelist. Fleur Adcock studied Classics at Victoria University of Wellington, graduating with an MA. She worked as an assistant lecturer and later an assistant librarian at the University of Otago in Dunedin until 1962. She was married to two famous New Zealand literary personalities. In August 1952, she married Alistair Campbell (divorced 1958). Then in February 1962 she married Barry Crump, divorcing in 1963.
During the late 6th century BC, the first geographical entity that was called Armenia by neighboring populations was established under the Orontid Dynasty within the Achaemenid Empire, as part of the latters' territories. The kingdom became fully sovereign from the sphere of influence of the Seleucid Empire in 190 BC under King Artaxias I and begun the rule of the Artaxiad dynasty. Armenia reached its height between 95 and 66 BC under Tigranes the Great, becoming the most powerful kingdom of its time east of the Roman Republic.
Stephen Vail (1780–1864) was a founding partner of the Baldwin Locomotive Works in Philadelphia and the creator of the Speedwell Ironworks in Morristown, New Jersey.
The Sword in the Stone is a 1963 American animated musical fantasy comedy film produced by Walt Disney and released by Buena Vista Distribution. The 18th Disney animated feature film, it was the final Disney animated film to be released before Walt Disney's death. The songs in the film were written and composed by the Sherman Brothers, who later wrote music for other Disney films like Mary Poppins (1964), The Jungle Book (1967), The Aristocats (1970), and Bedknobs and Broomsticks (1971).
The fictional universe of British author J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series of fantasy novels comprises two distinct societies: the Wizarding World and the Muggle world. In the novels, the Muggle world is the world inhabited by the non-magical majority, with which the Wizarding world exists coextensively, albeit mostly remaining hidden from the non-magical humans. The plot of the series is set in 1990s Britain, but in a veiled and separate shadow society wherein magic is commonly used and practised, and those who can use it live in self - enforced seclusion, hiding their abilities from the rest of the world. The term ``Wizarding World ''refers to the global wizard community that lives hidden in parallel with the Muggle world; the different terms refer to different communities within the same area rather than separate planets or worlds. Any new works taking place in this universe are released under the`` J.K. Rowling's Wizarding World'' brand.
All three women were considered social outcasts, albeit for different reasons. Tituba was an enslaved woman for Samuel Parris and his family; she and Sarah Good were both poor women, whereas Osborne was not. Osborne had not attended church in almost three years due to a long illness, and was still dealing with legal issues with the Putnam family. The accusations against Osborne likely were the product of powerful suggestions from the Putnam family. The warrant for Sarah Osborne's arrest was written for March 1, 1692. She was to be placed in the Boston jails for the duration of her examinations and trials and was sent to Boston along with Tituba and Sarah Good on March 7th, 1692. During her examinations, she claimed she was innocent and denied being involved with evil spirits or hurting the children. She did not confess, nor did she accuse anyone else. This contrasts Tituba's account, who confessed to witchcraft and claimed that Osborne and Sarah Good participated in witchcraft with her. Osborne died in jail on May 10, 1692, believed to have been 49 years of age.
The oldest known sundial is from Egypt; it dates back to around 1500 BC (19th Dynasty), and was discovered in the Valley of the Kings in 2013. Sundials have their origin in shadow clocks, which were the first devices used for measuring the parts of a day. Ancient Egyptian obelisks, constructed about 3500 BC, are also among the earliest shadow clocks.
On April 30, 2010, Movie Gallery announced it was closing and liquidating all of its stores per a filing of Chapter 7 bankruptcy. At its peak the firm had about 4,700 stores in North America, operating mainly under the Movie Gallery, Hollywood Video, and Game Crazy brands. The last of the company's stores were closed in August 2010.
Depopulation, deurbanisation, invasion, and movement of peoples, which had begun in Late Antiquity, continued in the Early Middle Ages. The barbarian invaders, including various Germanic peoples, formed new kingdoms in what remained of the Western Roman Empire. In the 7th century, North Africa and the Middle East—once part of the Eastern Roman Empire—came under the rule of the Caliphate, an Islamic empire, after conquest by Muhammad's successors. Although there were substantial changes in society and political structures, the break with Antiquity was not complete. The still-sizeable Byzantine Empire survived in the east and remained a major power. The empire's law code, the Code of Justinian, was rediscovered in Northern Italy in 1070 and became widely admired later in the Middle Ages. In the West, most kingdoms incorporated the few extant Roman institutions. Monasteries were founded as campaigns to Christianise pagan Europe continued. The Franks, under the Carolingian dynasty, briefly established the Carolingian Empire during the later 8th and early 9th century. It covered much of Western Europe, but later succumbed to the pressures of internal civil wars combined with external invasions—Vikings from the north, Magyars from the east, and Saracens from the south.
In the Battle of Torgau on 3 November 1760, King Frederick the Great's Prussian army fought a larger Austrian army under the command of Field Marshal Leopold Josef Graf Daun. The Prussians won a costly victory in one of the bloodiest battles of the Third Silesian War (part of the Seven Years' War).
Insurance in the United Kingdom, particularly long - term insurance, is divided into different categories. The categorisation is currently set out in sections 333B, and 431B to 431F of the Income and Corporation Taxes Act 1988 (ICTA) with each category of business given a different tax treatment. The Chartered Insurance Institute is a prominent professional group first chartered in 1913 The Financial Services Authority was formed in 2001 as the regulator. In 2013 the Financial Services Authority was dissolved and financial regulation was instead placed with the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority.
Amanda Tanen (born Amanda Sommers) is a fictional character in the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty" and spin-off web-series "Mode After Hours". She is played by Becki Newton. Like Henry Grubstick, Amanda shares a last name with a real-life member of "Ugly Betty"'s production staff — writer Brian Tanen.
Yondó is a town and municipality in Antioquia Department, Colombia. The first settlers arrived around 10,000 BC; archaeological site. The town was founded in 1941 for lodge the, at that time, discovered Casabe oilfield's workers. The town became a municipality in 1979. It is a Magdalena river port, across a river from Barrancabermeja, where Colombia's oldest and largest oil refinery is located.
Rider of the Law is a 1919 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey. The film is considered to be lost.
Mier, not to be confused with Mieres, Asturias, is one of eight parishes (administrative divisions) in Peñamellera Alta, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain. The population is 92 (INE 2007).
Owing to its role in the state's history, the county motto is "Where Illinois Began." It contains the historically important village of Kaskaskia, Illinois's first capital.
Chickasaw is a neighborhood in Louisville, Kentucky, USA. Its boundaries are West Broadway, 34th Street, Hale Avenue and Chickasaw Park.
The Reconstruction of Religious Thought in Islam is a compilation of lectures delivered by Muhammad Iqbal on Islamic philosophy and published in 1930. These lectures were delivered by Iqbal in Madras, Hyderabad, and Aligarh. The last chapter, "Is Religion Possible", was added to the book from the 1934 Oxford Edition onwards.
The Nintendo Entertainment System (also abbreviated as NES) is an 8-bit home video game console that was developed and manufactured by Nintendo. It was initially released in Japan as the Family Computer (Japanese: ファミリーコンピュータ, Hepburn: Famirī Konpyūta?) (also known by the portmanteau abbreviation Famicom (ファミコン, Famikon?) and abbreviated as FC) on July 15, 1983, and was later released in North America during 1985, in Europe during 1986, and Australia in 1987. In South Korea, it was known as the Hyundai Comboy (현대 컴보이 Hyeondae Keomboi) and was distributed by SK Hynix which then was known as Hyundai Electronics. It was succeeded by the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Allen, also known as Allen City is a ghost town in Pima County in southern Arizona. It was founded fifty miles southeast of Ajo, c. 1880. By 1886, the post office closed and the town has been abandoned since.
On January 5, 2012, West announced his establishment of the creative content company DONDA, named after his late mother Donda West. In his announcement, West proclaimed that the company would "pick up where Steve Jobs left off"; DONDA would operate as "a design company which will galvanize amazing thinkers in a creative space to bounce their dreams and ideas" with the "goal to make products and experiences that people want and can afford." West is notoriously secretive about the company's operations, maintaining neither an official website nor a social media presence. In stating DONDA's creative philosophy, West articulated the need to "put creatives in a room together with like minds" in order to "simplify and aesthetically improve everything we see, taste, touch, and feel.". Contemporary critics have noted the consistent minimalistic aesthetic exhibited throughout DONDA creative projects.
Minneapolis is a city in and the county seat of Ottawa County, Kansas, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,032.
Delhi features a dry-winter humid subtropical climate (Köppen Cwa) bordering a hot semi-arid climate (Köppen BSh). The warm season lasts from 21 March to 15 June with an average daily high temperature above 39 °C (102 °F). The hottest day of the year is 22 May, with an average high of 40 °C (104 °F) and low of 28 °C (82 °F). The cold season lasts from 26 November to 9 February with an average daily high temperature below 20 °C (68 °F). The coldest day of the year is 4 January, with an average low of 2 °C (36 °F) and high of 14 °C (57 °F). In early March, the wind direction changes from north-westerly to south-westerly. From April to October the weather is hot. The monsoon arrives at the end of June, along with an increase in humidity. The brief, mild winter starts in late November, peaks in January and heavy fog often occurs.Temperatures in Delhi usually range from 2 to 47 °C (35.6 to 116.6 °F), with the lowest and highest temperatures ever recorded being −2.2 and 48.4 °C (28.0 and 119.1 °F), respectively. The annual mean temperature is 25 °C (77 °F); monthly mean temperatures range from 13 to 32 °C (55 to 90 °F). The highest temperature recorded in July was 45 °C (113 °F) in 1931. The average annual rainfall is approximately 886 mm (34.9 in), most of which falls during the monsoon in July and August. The average date of the advent of monsoon winds in Delhi is 29 June.
The Nuzhat al-mushtāq fi'khtirāq al-āfāq (, lit. "the book of pleasant journeys into faraway lands"), most often known as the Tabula Rogeriana (lit. "The Book of Roger" in Latin), is a description of the world and world map created by the Arab geographer Muhammad al-Idrisi in 1154. Al-Idrisi worked on the commentaries and illustrations of the map for fifteen years at the court of the Norman King Roger II of Sicily, who commissioned the work around 1138.
During the reign of Khufu, Hetepheres II married her brother, the Crown Prince Kawab, with whom she had at least one child, a daughter named Meresankh III. After the death of her first husband, she married another of her brothers, Djedefra who later succeeded Khufu as king of Egypt.
Orcs Must Die! 2 is a trap based action-tower defense video game that Robot Entertainment developed as the follow-up to the original "Orcs Must Die!", with Microsoft Game Studios publishing the sequel for Microsoft Windows on July 30, 2012 in the United States. On April 2, 2012, Microsoft announced the development of "Orcs Must Die! 2" at the Penny Arcade Expo in Boston (PAX East), with their emphasis on co-operative gameplay as the principal addition over the original.
The World Health Organization and the UN Environment Programme estimate that each year, 3 million workers in agriculture in the developing world experience severe poisoning from pesticides, about 18,000 of whom die. Owing to inadequate regulation and safety precautions, 99% of pesticide related deaths occur in developing countries that account for only 25% of pesticide usage. According to one study, as many as 25 million workers in developing countries may suffer mild pesticide poisoning yearly. There are several careers aside from agriculture that may also put individuals at risk of health effects from pesticide exposure including pet groomers, groundskeepers, and fumigators.
The population of Fresno grew from a 1960 census population of 134,000 to a 2000 census population of 428,000. With a census - estimated 2017 population of 527,438, Fresno is the fifth-most populous city in California, the most populous city in the Central Valley, the most populous inland city in California, and the 34th-most populous city in the nation.
The importation of slaves was made illegal in 1792. Governor Robert Patton (1802–1807) recommended that the company import Chinese labour to supplement the rural workforce. The coolie labourers arrived in 1810, and their numbers reached 600 by 1818. Many were allowed to stay, and their descendents became integrated into the population. An 1814 census recorded 3,507 people on the island.
At the same time, the political party reached its modern form, with a membership disciplined through the use of a party whip and the implementation of efficient structures of control. The Home Rule League Party, campaigning for Home Rule for Ireland in the British Parliament was fundamentally changed by the great Irish political leader Charles Stewart Parnell in the 1880s. In 1882, he changed his party's name to the Irish Parliamentary Party and created a well-organized grass roots structure, introducing membership to replace "ad hoc" informal groupings. He created a new selection procedure to ensure the professional selection of party candidates committed to taking their seats, and in 1884 he imposed a firm 'party pledge' which obliged MPs to vote as a bloc in parliament on all occasions. The creation of a strict party whip and a formal party structure was unique at the time. His party's efficient structure and control contrasted with the loose rules and flexible informality found in the main British parties; – they soon came to model themselves on the Parnellite model.
The revocation forbade Protestant services, required education of children as Catholics, and prohibited emigration. It proved disastrous to the Huguenots and costly for France. It precipitated civil bloodshed, ruined commerce, and resulted in the illegal flight from the country of hundreds of thousands of Protestants, many of whom became intellectuals, doctors and business leaders in Britain as well as Holland, Prussia, and South Africa. Four thousand emigrated to the North American colonies, where they settled in New York and Virginia, especially. The English welcomed the French refugees, providing money from both government and private agencies to aid their relocation. Those Huguenots who stayed in France became Catholics and were called "new converts".
The Church of San Pietro in Montorio was built on the site of an earlier 9th-century church dedicated to Saint Peter on Rome's Janiculum hill. It serves as a shrine, marking the supposed site of St. Peter's crucifixion.
John remained Lord of Ireland throughout his reign. He drew on the country for resources to fight his war with Philip on the continent. Conflict continued in Ireland between the Anglo-Norman settlers and the indigenous Irish chieftains, with John manipulating both groups to expand his wealth and power in the country. During Richard's rule, John had successfully increased the size of his lands in Ireland, and he continued this policy as king. In 1210 the king crossed into Ireland with a large army to crush a rebellion by the Anglo-Norman lords; he reasserted his control of the country and used a new charter to order compliance with English laws and customs in Ireland. John stopped short of trying to actively enforce this charter on the native Irish kingdoms, but historian David Carpenter suspects that he might have done so, had the baronial conflict in England not intervened. Simmering tensions remained with the native Irish leaders even after John left for England.
Boston (pronounced i/ˈbɒstən/) is the capital and largest city of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the United States. Boston also served as the historic county seat of Suffolk County until Massachusetts disbanded county government in 1999. The city proper covers 48 square miles (124 km2) with an estimated population of 655,884 in 2014, making it the largest city in New England and the 24th largest city in the United States. The city is the economic and cultural anchor of a substantially larger metropolitan area called Greater Boston, home to 4.7 million people and the tenth-largest metropolitan statistical area in the country. Greater Boston as a commuting region is home to 8.1 million people, making it the sixth-largest combined statistical area in the United States.
Face of a Fighter is an album by country singer Willie Nelson. It was recorded in 1961 but released in 1978 when Nelson founded his own label company, Lone Star Records.
The area's many colleges and universities are active in college athletics. Four NCAA Division I members play in the city—Boston College, Boston University, Harvard University, and Northeastern University. Of the four, only Boston College participates in college football at the highest level, the Football Bowl Subdivision. Harvard participates in the second-highest level, the Football Championship Subdivision.
Lincoln Town Car Overview Manufacturer The Lincoln Motor Company (Ford Motor Company) Production 1980 -- 2011 Model years 1981 -- 2011 Body and chassis Class Full - size luxury car (F) Layout FR layout Platform Ford Panther platform Related Mercury Grand Marquis Ford Crown Victoria Chronology Predecessor Lincoln Continental (1980) Successor Lincoln MKS (full - size sedan) Lincoln Continental (2017)
Mission San Juan Capistrano Mission San Juan Capistrano Location in California Mission San Juan Capistrano (the US) Show map of California Show map of the US Show all Location 26801 Ortega Hwy. San Juan Capistrano, California 92675 Coordinates 33 ° 30 ′ 10 ''N 117 ° 39 ′ 46'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 33.50278 ° N 117.66278 ° W ﻿ / 33.50278; - 117.66278 Coordinates: 33 ° 30 ′ 10 ''N 117 ° 39 ′ 46'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 33.50278 ° N 117.66278 ° W ﻿ / 33.50278; - 117.66278 Name as founded La Misión de San Juan Capistrano de Sajavit English translation The Mission of Saint John Capistrano of Sajavit Patron Saint John of Capestrano Nickname (s) ``Jewel of the Missions ''`` Mission of the Swallow'' ``Mission of the Tragedies ''Founding date October 30, 1775 (1st) November 1, 1776 (2nd) it was the 4th mission. Founding priest (s) Fermín Lasuén (1st) Father Presidente Junípero Serra and Gregório Amúrrio (2nd) Founding Order Seventh Military district First Native tribe (s) Spanish name (s) Acjachemen Juaneño Native place name (s) Quanís Savit, Sajavit Baptisms 4,340 Confirmations 1,182 Marriages 1,153 Burials 3,126 Neophyte population 900 Secularized 1833 Returned to the Church 1865 Governing body Roman Catholic Diocese of Orange Current use Chapel / Museum U.S. National Register of Historic Places Designated September 3, 1971 Reference no. 71000170 California Historical Landmark Reference no. # 200 Website http://www.missionsjc.com
The Electronic Communications in Probability is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the Institute of Mathematical Statistics and the Bernoulli Society. The editor-in-chief is Giambattista Giacomin (Paris Diderot University). It contains short articles covering probability theory, whereas its sister journal, the "Electronic Journal of Probability", publishes full-length papers and shares the same editorial board, but with a different editor-in-chief.
In 1978, the State Bank of Vietnam (Ngân hàng Nhà nước Việt Nam) introduced notes in denominations of 5 hào, 1, 5, 10, 20, and 50 đồng dated 1976. In 1980, 2 and 10 đồng notes were added, followed by 30 and 100 đồng notes in 1981. These notes were discontinued in 1985 as they gradually lost value due to inflation and economic instability.
Poronaysky District () is an administrative district (raion) of Sakhalin Oblast, Russia; one of the seventeen in the oblast. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Poronaysky Urban Okrug. It is located in the eastern central part of the Island of Sakhalin. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Poronaysk. Population (excluding the administrative center):
The Sam Houston National Forest, one of four National Forests in Texas, is located 50 miles north of Houston. The forest is administered together with the other three United States National Forests and two National Grasslands located entirely in Texas, from common offices in Lufkin, Texas. The units include Angelina, Davy Crockett, Sabine, and Sam Houston National Forests, plus Caddo National Grassland and Lyndon B. Johnson National Grassland. There are local ranger district offices located in New Waverly.
Manitung Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Davis Strait, southeast of Baffin Island's Cumberland Peninsula and north of Auyuittuq National Park Reserve. Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Alikdjuak Island, Kekertaluk Island, Nedlukseak Island, and Nudlung Island.
Sultan bin Saud bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud is the son of King Saud and the grandson of King Abdulaziz the first monarch of Saudi Arabia. His mother was Munirah Al Haboot Al Mutairi. He is the brother of Prince Abdulrahman bin Saud, the godfather of Al-Nasr, and the uncle of Prince Faisal bin Abdulrahman Al Saud and Mamdoh bin Abdulrahman bin Saud, two of Al-Nasr presidents.
Contemporaneously with the rise of analytic ethics in Anglo-American thought, in Europe several new lines of philosophy directed at critique of existing societies arose between the 1950s and 1980s. Most of these took elements of Marxist economic analysis, but combined them with a more cultural or ideological emphasis. Out of the Frankfurt School, thinkers like Herbert Marcuse, Theodor W. Adorno, Max Horkheimer, and Jürgen Habermas combined Marxian and Freudian perspectives. Along somewhat different lines, a number of other continental thinkers—still largely influenced by Marxism—put new emphases on structuralism and on a "return to Hegel". Within the (post-) structuralist line (though mostly not taking that label) are thinkers such as Gilles Deleuze, Michel Foucault, Claude Lefort, and Jean Baudrillard. The Situationists were more influenced by Hegel; Guy Debord, in particular, moved a Marxist analysis of commodity fetishism to the realm of consumption, and looked at the relation between consumerism and dominant ideology formation.
While there is some dispute as to the matter of influence, Popper had a long-standing and close friendship with economist Friedrich Hayek, who was also brought to the London School of Economics from Vienna. Each found support and similarities in the other's work, citing each other often, though not without qualification. In a letter to Hayek in 1944, Popper stated, "I think I have learnt more from you than from any other living thinker, except perhaps Alfred Tarski." Popper dedicated his Conjectures and Refutations to Hayek. For his part, Hayek dedicated a collection of papers, Studies in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics, to Popper, and in 1982 said, "...ever since his Logik der Forschung first came out in 1934, I have been a complete adherent to his general theory of methodology."
The Majura Training Area (MTA) is a facility belonging to the Australian Department of Defence located to the east of Mount Majura in the Majura district in the Australian Capital Territory, Australia. The MTA is used primarily by the Australian Army for the conduct of field exercises and weapon qualification shoots. The MTA is located near to the Royal Military College, Duntroon and the Australian Defence Force Academy and is frequently used by these training establishments. Accommodation and support on the range is through 'Camp Blake', which consists of headquarters buildings, Q-Store, Mess, Staff accommodation and amenities and trainee accommodation and amenities.
Israel retaliated against Egyptian shelling with commando raids, artillery shelling and air strikes. This resulted in an exodus of civilians from Egyptian cities along the Suez Canal's western bank. Nasser ceased all military activities and began a program to build a network of internal defenses, while receiving the financial backing of various Arab states. The war resumed in March 1969. In November, Nasser brokered an agreement between the PLO and the Lebanese military that granted Palestinian guerrillas the right to use Lebanese territory to attack Israel.
Travis Shaw (Benjamin Walker) is a veterinarian, living in the city of Wilmington, NC, who falls in love on his first meeting with Gabby Holland (Teresa Palmer), who has moved into the house next door. Gabby is a medical student who is in a relationship with a fellow doctor, Ryan McCarthy (Tom Welling). With Ryan out of state overseeing a new hospital opening, Gabby and Travis spend more time together, starting a relationship.
The Handmaid's Tale is a dystopian novel by Canadian author Margaret Atwood, originally published in 1985. It is set in a near - future New England, in a totalitarian state resembling a theonomy, which has overthrown the United States government. The novel focuses on the journey of the handmaid Offred. Her name derives from the possessive form ``of Fred ''; handmaids are forbidden to use their birth names and must echo the male, or master, whom they serve.
WHOS (800 AM, "The Big Talker") is a radio station licensed to serve Decatur, Alabama, United States. The station is currently owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. and the broadcast license is held by Capstar TX Limited Partnership. WHOS is one of five stations in the Huntsville, Alabama, market owned by iHeartMedia, Inc.. The station is also simulcast on WBHP at 1230 AM in Huntsville, a 106.5 FM broadcast translator in Huntsville, and on WQRV-HD2 (HD Radio). Its studios are located in Madison, Alabama and its transmitter is located in West Decatur, Alabama.
In the Ubangi-Shari Territorial Assembly election in 1957, MESAN captured 347,000 out of the total 356,000 votes, and won every legislative seat, which led to Boganda being elected president of the Grand Council of French Equatorial Africa and vice-president of the Ubangi-Shari Government Council. Within a year, he declared the establishment of the Central African Republic and served as the country's first prime minister. MESAN continued to exist, but its role was limited. After Boganda's death in a plane crash on 29 March 1959, his cousin, David Dacko, took control of MESAN and became the country's first president after the CAR had formally received independence from France. Dacko threw out his political rivals, including former Prime Minister and Mouvement d'évolution démocratique de l'Afrique centrale (MEDAC), leader Abel Goumba, whom he forced into exile in France. With all opposition parties suppressed by November 1962, Dacko declared MESAN as the official party of the state.
Cork features architecturally notable buildings originating from the Medieval to Modern periods. The only notable remnant of the Medieval era is the Red Abbey. There are two cathedrals in the city; St. Mary's Cathedral and Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral. St Mary's Cathedral, often referred to as the North Cathedral, is the Catholic cathedral of the city and was begun in 1808. Its distinctive tower was added in the 1860s. St Fin Barre's Cathedral serves the Protestant faith and is possibly the more famous of the two. It is built on the foundations of an earlier cathedral. Work began in 1862 and ended in 1879 under the direction of architect William Burges.
Melbourne is typical of Australian capital cities in that after the turn of the 20th century, it expanded with the underlying notion of a 'quarter acre home and garden' for every family, often referred to locally as the Australian Dream. This, coupled with the popularity of the private automobile after 1945, led to the auto-centric urban structure now present today in the middle and outer suburbs. Much of metropolitan Melbourne is accordingly characterised by low density sprawl, whilst its inner city areas feature predominantly medium-density, transit-oriented urban forms. The city centre, Docklands, St. Kilda Road and Southbank areas feature high-density forms.
The Truth About Men is the eighth studio album released by American country music artist Tracy Byrd and written by Paul Overstreet, Rory Lee Feek and Tim Johnson. Released in 2003 as his final album for RCA Nashville, it features the singles "The Truth About Men", "Drinkin' Bone", and "How'd I Wind Up in Jamaica". Before its release, Byrd charted in the country top 40 with the single "Lately (Been Dreamin' 'bout Babies)", which does not appear on the album.
David Htan (; born 13 May 1990) is a burmese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Myanmar national football team and Shan United. David Htan suddenly moved to Shan United F.C. in May 2018.
The ``will they or wo n't they ''tension between Jim and Pam is a strong storyline in the early episodes of The Office, encompassing much of Seasons 1 to 3. In the opener of Season 4, the two characters are revealed to be dating, and as such, other character romances, such as the romance between fellow co-workers Dwight Schrute and Angela Martin, begin to move more toward the forefront of episodes. In Season 6, Jim and Pam are married in the season's 4th and 5th episodes (hour long), a feat considered noteworthy by many television critics, as bringing together the two lead love interests in a television series is often thought to be a risky venture. Their child is born in the second half of the season, during another hour long,`` The Delivery''. Pam and Jim's second child is born during season 8. In season 9, their marriage becomes strained when Jim takes up a second job in Philadelphia. They ultimately decide to leave Dunder Mifflin together so Jim can pursue his dream job.
East Palatka is a census-designated place (CDP) in Putnam County, Florida, United States. The population was 1,654 at the 2010 census.
Beyoncé Giselle Knowles-Carter (/biːˈjɒnseɪ/ bee-YON-say) (born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, record producer and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child, and rose to fame in the late 1990s as lead singer of R&B girl-group Destiny's Child. Managed by her father, Mathew Knowles, the group became one of the world's best-selling girl groups of all time. Their hiatus saw the release of Beyoncé's debut album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which established her as a solo artist worldwide, earned five Grammy Awards and featured the Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Crazy in Love" and "Baby Boy".
Shimkent hôtel is a 2003 French fictional film directed and written by Charles de Meaux who co-wrote music score with Vladimir Karoev and Pierre Mikaïloff. It tells the story of a young man who failed a business venture in the Afghan mountains and is suffering from shock in Kazakhstan.
The Sharzhenga () is a river in Nyuksensky, Babushkinsky, and Nikolsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Yug River. It is long, and the area of its basin . The main tributary is the Andanga River (right).
Graeme Goodall (1932 – 3 December 2014) was an Australian recording engineer and record label owner who was a key figure in the early days of Jamaica's recording industry, constructing several of the Island's studios, co-founding Island Records, and operating other labels in the United Kingdom releasing Jamaican music.
Queensland stalwart coach Wayne Bennett made it a personal mission to regain the great loss of credibility suffered from the 2000 series whitewash and 40 point last game defeat and decided he wanted his old Maroon coaching job back after a two - year sojourn.
Sony renamed the record company Sony Music Entertainment (SME) on January 1, 1991, fulfilling the terms set under the 1988 buyout, which granted only a transitional license to the CBS trademark. The CBS Associated label was renamed Epic Associated. Also on January 1, 1991, to replace the CBS label, Sony reintroduced the Columbia label worldwide, which it previously held in the United States and Canada only, after it acquired the international rights to the trademark from EMI in 1990. Japan is the only country where Sony does not have rights to the Columbia name as it is controlled by Nippon Columbia, an unrelated company. Thus, until this day, Sony Music Entertainment Japan does not use the Columbia trademark for Columbia label recordings from outside Japan which are issued in Japan. The Columbia Records trademark's rightsholder in Spain was Bertelsmann Music Group, Germany, which Sony Music subsequently subsumed via a 2004 merger, followed by a 2008 buyout.
United States of Tara is an American television comedy-drama created by Diablo Cody, which aired on Showtime from 2009 to 2011. The series follows the life of Tara (Toni Collette), a suburban housewife and mother coping with dissociative identity disorder.
In 1970 Margaret Thatcher became Secretary of State for Education of the new Conservative government. She ended the compulsion on local authorities to convert, however, many local authorities were so far down the path that it would have been prohibitively expensive to attempt to reverse the process, and more comprehensive schools were established under Mrs Thatcher than any other education secretary.
Margareta Eriksdotter Vasa (1497 – 31 December 1536), also called "Margareta Vasa" and "Margareta of Hoya", was a Swedish noblewoman, sister of king Gustav I of Sweden. Between 1525 and 1534, she commanded Vyborg Castle on several occasions during the absence of her spouse.
The film is considered as a breakthrough in commercial Tamil cinema and has been lauded by many film makers. In a 2002 interview with "The Hindu", Mani Ratnam remarked "If I get anywhere near what Mahendran did in "Udhiri Pookkal", I’ll be a happy man." "The Times of India" wrote "1979 was the year of "Uthiripookkal"". IBN Live included the film in its list of 100 greatest Indian films of all time in 2013.
With career averages of 25.0 points, 5.2 rebounds, 4.7 assists, and 1.4 steals per game, he is considered one of the most complete players in NBA history. He was the first player in NBA history to have at least 30,000 career points and 6,000 career assists, and is one of only four players with 25,000 points, 6,000 rebounds and 6,000 assists. Bryant led the NBA in scoring during the 2005 -- 06 and 2006 -- 07 seasons. His 81 - point performance against Toronto in 2006 was the second - highest in NBA history, behind only Chamberlain's 100. He has scored at least 50 points 24 times in his career, which is third in league history behind Jordan (31) and Chamberlain (118); six times Bryant scored at least 60. He was just the third player in NBA history to average 40 points in a calendar month, which he has accomplished four times. Bryant was voted the league MVP in 2008 and led his team to the 2008 NBA Finals as the first seed in the Western Conference. In the 2008 Summer Olympics, he won a gold medal as a member of the U.S. men's basketball team, occasionally referred to as ``The Redeem Team ''. He won another gold medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He led the Lakers to two more championships in 2009 and 2010, winning the Finals MVP award on both occasions.
Alpha House is an American political satire web television series produced by Amazon Studios. The show starred John Goodman, Clark Johnson, Matt Malloy, and Mark Consuelos as four Republican U.S. Senators who share a house in Washington, D.C. It was created by "Doonesbury" creator Garry Trudeau. The show premiered on Amazon.com on April 19, 2013.
The George W. Childs Recreation Site is a former Pennsylvania state park that is the site of a number of cascade waterfalls along Dingmans Creek; it has been part of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area since 1983. It is located in Dingmans Ferry in Delaware Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania and is named for the late newspaper publisher George William Childs, whose widow deeded the land to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1912. The site contains three main waterfalls: Factory Falls, Fulmer Falls and Deer Leap Falls and is a few miles upstream from Dingmans Falls and Silverthread Falls.
Clara Morris (March 17, 1849 – November 20, 1925) (her birth date is sometimes given as 1846/48) was an American actress.
After issue # 99 (March 1968), the Tales of Suspense series was renamed Captain America. An Iron Man story appeared in the one - shot comic Iron Man and Sub-Mariner (April 1968), before the ``Golden Avenger ''made his solo debut with Iron Man # 1 (May 1968). The series' indicia gives its copyright title Iron Man, while the trademarked cover logo of most issues is The Invincible Iron Man. Artist George Tuska began a decade long association with the character with Iron Man # 5 (Sept. 1968). Writer Mike Friedrich and artist Jim Starlin's brief collaboration on the Iron Man series introduced Mentor, Starfox, and Thanos in issue # 55 (Feb. 1973). Friedrich scripted a metafictional story in which Iron Man visited the San Diego Comic Convention and met several Marvel Comics writers and artists. He then wrote the multi-issue`` War of the Super-Villains'' storyline which ran through 1975.
For the most part she was raised in the Netherlands, where she currently lives. Kamryn is the youngest of six children and comes from a musical family. Her dad was a singer in a band and her three brothers all played an instrument. When she was growing up Kamryn started singing more often and gained more experience. She now writes and records songs in her home studio.
This in turn led to the establishment of the right-wing dictatorship of the Estado Novo under António de Oliveira Salazar in 1933. Portugal was one of only five European countries to remain neutral in World War II. From the 1940s to the 1960s, Portugal was a founding member of NATO, OECD and the European Free Trade Association (EFTA). Gradually, new economic development projects and relocation of mainland Portuguese citizens into the overseas provinces in Africa were initiated, with Angola and Mozambique, as the largest and richest overseas territories, being the main targets of those initiatives. These actions were used to affirm Portugal's status as a transcontinental nation and not as a colonial empire.
In 2008, the extrasolar planet WASP-12b was discovered orbiting WASP-12 by the transit method. Its high carbon-to-oxygen ratio indicates that rocky planets that might have formed in the star system; it may be a carbon planet.
This species is parthenogenetic and all specimens collected so far have been female. They lay eggs or may bear live young. Up to eight offspring are produced - all female and all genetically identical.
The oblasts of the Soviet Union were second-level entities of the Soviet Union, and first-level entities of the republics of the Soviet Union.
Canton of Marseille-Belsunce is a former canton located within the commune of Marseille in the Bouches-du-Rhône department of France. It was created 27 February 2003 by the decree 2003-156 of that date. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015.
Filming began on May 21, 1967, and ended on August 10, 1967. Most of the early scenes of a desert - like terrain were shot in northern Arizona near the Grand Canyon, the Colorado River, Lake Powell, Glen Canyon and other locations near Page, Arizona Most scenes of the ape village, interiors and exteriors, were filmed on the Fox Ranch in Malibu Creek State Park, northwest of Los Angeles, essentially the backlot of 20th Century Fox. The concluding beach scenes were filmed on a stretch of California seacoast between Malibu and Oxnard with cliffs that towered 130 feet above the shore. Reaching the beach on foot was virtually impossible, so cast, crew, film equipment, and even horses had to be lowered in by helicopter. The home movies of Roddy McDowall (on YouTube) show makeup, the Ape Village set and the beach site / set - a wooden ramp was built around the point from Westward Beach to Pirates Cove for access to the beach set. The remains of the Statue of Liberty were shot in a secluded cove on the far eastern end of Westward Beach, between Zuma Beach and Point Dume in Malibu. As noted in the documentary Behind the Planet of the Apes, the special effect shot of the half - buried statue was achieved by seamlessly blending a matte painting with existing cliffs. The shot looking down at Taylor was done from a 70 - foot scaffold, angled over a 1 / 2 - scale papier - mache model of the Statue. The actors in Planet of the Apes were so affected by their roles and wardrobe that, when not shooting, they automatically segregated themselves with the species they were portraying.
In the late eighteenth- and early nineteenth-century Germany, three pioneer physical educators – Johann Friedrich GutsMuths (1759–1839) and Friedrich Ludwig Jahn (1778–1852) – created exercises for boys and young men on apparatus they had designed that ultimately led to what is considered modern gymnastics. Don Francisco Amorós y Ondeano, was born on February 19, 1770 in Valence and died on August 8, 1848 in Paris. He was a Spanish colonel, and the first person to introduce educative gymnastic in France. Jahn promoted the use of parallel bars, rings and high bar in international competition.
Macau was formerly a colony of the Portuguese Empire, after Ming China leased the territory as a trading post in 1557. Originally governing under Chinese authority and sovereignty, Portugal was given perpetual occupation rights for Macau in 1887. Macau remained under Portuguese control until 1999, when it was returned to China. As a special administrative region, Macau maintains a separate political and economic system apart from mainland China.
Bioscience Horizons is an online scientific journal which publishes bioscience research. The journal has two aims: a) to publish high-quality research from students, both undergraduate and Masters. b) to enable student authors to directly experience the process of academic publication, as corresponding authors. In 2014, the journal went international, attracting high-quality manuscript submissions from all over the world. Academic reviewers, who are experts in their fields, assess manuscripts as rigorously as they would for other journals. "Bioscience Horizons" is published by a consortium of UK universities in partnership with Oxford University Press and was established in 2008.
As Western Europe witnessed the formation of new kingdoms, the Eastern Roman Empire remained intact and experienced an economic revival that lasted into the early 7th century. There were fewer invasions of the eastern section of the empire; most occurred in the Balkans. Peace with Persia, the traditional enemy of Rome, lasted throughout most of the 5th century. The Eastern Empire was marked by closer relations between the political state and Christian Church, with doctrinal matters assuming an importance in eastern politics that they did not have in Western Europe. Legal developments included the codification of Roman law; the first effort—the Theodosian Code—was completed in 438. Under Emperor Justinian (r. 527–565), another compilation took place—the Corpus Juris Civilis. Justinian also oversaw the construction of the Hagia Sophia in Constantinople and the reconquest of North Africa from the Vandals and Italy from the Ostrogoths, under Belisarius (d. 565). The conquest of Italy was not complete, as a deadly outbreak of plague in 542 led to the rest of Justinian's reign concentrating on defensive measures rather than further conquests. At the emperor's death, the Byzantines had control of most of Italy, North Africa, and a small foothold in southern Spain. Justinian's reconquests have been criticised by historians for overextending his realm and setting the stage for the Muslim conquests, but many of the difficulties faced by Justinian's successors were due not just to over-taxation to pay for his wars but to the essentially civilian nature of the empire, which made raising troops difficult.
The Ferrari 575M Maranello (Type F133) is a two-seat, two-door, grand tourer manufactured by Italian automobile manufacturer Ferrari. Launched in 2002, it is essentially an updated 550 Maranello featuring minor styling changes from Pininfarina. The 575M was replaced by the 599 GTB in the first half of 2006.
UN forces retreated to Suwon in the west, Wonju in the center, and the territory north of Samcheok in the east, where the battlefront stabilized and held. The PVA had outrun its logistics capability and thus were unable to press on beyond Seoul as food, ammunition, and matériel were carried nightly, on foot and bicycle, from the border at the Yalu River to the three battle lines. In late January, upon finding that the PVA had abandoned their battle lines, General Ridgway ordered a reconnaissance-in-force, which became Operation Roundup (5 February 1951). A full-scale X Corps advance proceeded, which fully exploited the UN Command's air superiority, concluding with the UN reaching the Han River and recapturing Wonju.
Frank Ross (John Pickard) is murdered by his hired hand, Tom Chaney (Jeff Corey). Ross's young daughter, Mattie (Kim Darby), travels to Fort Smith, Arkansas, where she hires aging U.S. Marshal Reuben ``Rooster ''J. Cogburn (John Wayne) to bring Chaney in, raising his fee by shrewdly horse trading with Colonel Stonehill (Strother Martin). Mattie has heard that Cogburn has`` true grit.'' She gives him a payment to track and capture Chaney, who has taken up with outlaw ``Lucky ''Ned Pepper (Robert Duvall) in Indian Territory (modern - day Oklahoma).
In 1936, Geoghegan became Attorney General of Ireland, serving for less than two months. In spite of his brief tenure he assisted the government in the preparation and enactment of the External Relations Act, before being appointed a Judge of the Supreme Court on 22 December 1936. He immediately resigned his Dáil seat. Geoghegan remained on the bench of the Supreme Court until his retirement, due to ill health, in April 1950. His son, Hugh Geoghegan enjoyed the distinction in 2000 of being the first appointee to Ireland's Supreme Court to follow in his father's footsteps.
Season three marks a turning point for Pam's character: she gains self - confidence and appears less passive and more self - assured as the season progresses. In ``Gay Witch Hunt, ''the season's opener, it is revealed that Pam got cold feet before her wedding and did not marry Roy after all, and that Jim transferred to a different Dunder Mifflin branch, in Stamford, shortly after Pam rejected him a second time, after their kiss. Pam moves into her own apartment, begins taking art classes, a pursuit that Roy had previously dismissed as a waste of time, and buys a new car, a blue Toyota Yaris. Jim returns to Scranton later on as a result of`` The Merger'', and brings along a female co-worker, Karen Filippelli, whom he begins dating. Jim and Pam appeared to have ended all communication after Jim transfers to the Stamford branch (aside from an episode in which Jim accidentally calls Pam at the end of the work day), and their episodes together following the branch merge are tense, despite both admitting to still harboring feelings for the other during the presence of the documentary cameras.
Sándor Popovics (22 October 1862 - 15 April 1935) was a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Finance in 1918. He was the governor of the Austro-Hungarian Bank between 1909 and 1918. During the peace negotiations in 1920, he attended as a financial expert. From 1924 until his death he served as chairman of the National Bank of Hungary. Popovics was full member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
The District of Ungava was a regional administrative district of Canada's Northwest Territories from 1895 to 1920, although it effectively ceased operation in 1912. It covered the northern portion of what is today Quebec, the interior of Labrador, and the offshore islands to the west and north of Quebec, which are now part of Nunavut.
Show Us Your Wits is a Playboy TV adult game show based out of the Las Vegas Palomino Strip Club and hosted by Daphnee Duplaix.
Raving Rabbids: Alive & Kicking, known as "Rabbids: Fuori di schermo" in Italy, is a party video game developed by Ubisoft Milan and published on November 3, 2011 in Australia, November 4, 2011 in Europe and November 8, 2011 in North America for the Xbox 360. This is the sixth game from the "Raving Rabbids" games franchise and it is the first Rabbids game not released on a Nintendo platform. The game was exclusively developed for the Kinect and consists of mini-games with up to 4 players.
Advanced studies and growing applications of neo-Confucianism contributed to the transition of the social and political order from feudal norms to class- and large-group-oriented practices. The rule of the people or Confucian man was gradually replaced by the rule of law. New laws were developed, and new administrative devices were instituted. A new theory of government and a new vision of society emerged as a means of justifying more comprehensive governance by the bakufu. Each person had a distinct place in society and was expected to work to fulfill his or her mission in life. The people were to be ruled with benevolence by those whose assigned duty it was to rule. Government was all-powerful but responsible and humane. Although the class system was influenced by neo-Confucianism, it was not identical to it. Whereas soldiers and clergy were at the bottom of the hierarchy in the Chinese model, in Japan, some members of these classes constituted the ruling elite.
The source of the Nile is sometimes considered to be Lake Victoria, but the lake has feeder rivers of considerable size. The Kagera River, which flows into Lake Victoria near the Tanzanian town of Bukoba, is the longest feeder, although sources do not agree on which is the longest tributary of the Kagera and hence the most distant source of the Nile itself. It is either the Ruvyironza, which emerges in Bururi Province, Burundi, or the Nyabarongo, which flows from Nyungwe Forest in Rwanda. The two feeder rivers meet near Rusumo Falls on the Rwanda - Tanzania border.
Eve Blantyre Simpson (1855–1920) was the daughter of Professor James Young Simpson, who popularised the use of chloroform as an anaesthetic. She wrote biographies of her father and of Robert Louis Stevenson. She also wrote a notable book on folk-lore in Scotland which refers to the early traditions such as Beltane. She was born on 15 December 1855 in Edinburgh and her mother was Jessie Grindlay. (She was christened 'Eve' and not 'Evelyn'.) She remained unmarried and died of liver cancer on 23 January 1920 at Edinburgh.
The 1955 World Series matched the Brooklyn Dodgers against the New York Yankees, with the Dodgers winning the Series in seven games to capture their first championship in franchise history. It would be the only Series the Dodgers won in Brooklyn, as the team relocated to Los Angeles after the 1957 season. This was the fifth time in nine years that the Yankees and the Dodgers met in the World Series, with the Yankees having won in 1947, 1949, 1952, and 1953; the Yankees would also win in the 1956 rematch.
Jennifer Anne Ehle (/ ˈiːliː /; born December 29, 1969) is an American actress. She won the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for her role as Elizabeth Bennet in the 1995 BBC miniseries Pride and Prejudice. For her work on Broadway, she won the 2000 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play for The Real Thing, and the 2007 Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Play for The Coast of Utopia. She is the daughter of English actress Rosemary Harris and American author John Ehle.
The fifth season of the Fox musical comedy - drama television series Glee was commissioned on April 19, 2013, along with a sixth season. It premiered on September 26, 2013, as part of the 2013 fall season. After a winter break, it returned on February 25, 2014, moving to Tuesday nights to finish its season. The second part of the season featured the 100th episode of the series, the 12th episode of the season, which aired on March 18, 2014. It was shorter than previous seasons, with twenty episodes instead of twenty - two.
Annals of Botany is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal, founded in 1887, that publishes research articles, brief communications, and reviews in all areas of botany. The journal is supported and managed by Annals of Botany Company, a non-profit educational charity, and published through Oxford University Press. According to the 2011 "Journal Citation Reports" it has an impact factor of 4.041, in 2016 ranking 22nd out of 211 in the category Plant Sciences.
The first printing of books started in China and was during the Tang Dynasty (618 -- 907), but exactly when is not known. The oldest extant printed book is a Tang Dynasty work of the Diamond Sutra and dates back to 868. When the Italian Catholic missionary Matteo Ricci visited Ming China, he wrote that there were ``exceedingly large numbers of books in circulation ''and noted that they were sold at very low prices.
The address fulfills rules in Article II, Section 3 of the U.S. Constitution, requiring the President to periodically ``give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union, and recommend to their Consideration such measures as he shall judge necessary and expedient. ''During most of the country's first century, the President primarily only submitted a written report to Congress. After 1913, Woodrow Wilson, the 28th U.S. President, began the regular practice of delivering the address to Congress in person as a way to rally support for his agenda. With the advent of radio and television, the address is now broadcast live across the country on many networks.
André S. Dreiding (22 June 1919 in Zürich – 24 December 2013 in Herrliberg near Zurich) was a Swiss chemist. He finished his high school studies in Zürich and then studied at Columbia University in New York where he was awarded BS and MS degrees. After two years as research assistant at Hoffmann-La Roche, he continued postgraduate studies at University of Michigan in Ann Arbor under professor Werner Emmanuel Bachmann, and was awarded his Ph.D. in 1947. He remained at the university until 1949 as Rackham and Lloyd Postdoctoral Fellow. From 1949 to 1954, Dreiding was assistant professor at Wayne University, Detroit Institute of Cancer Research. He also temporarily took over Bachmann's teaching and research duties at the University of Michigan after Bachmann's death in 1951, and held them until 1952. In 1954, Dreiding turned to Switzerland and University of Zurich, where he became professor, and stayed until his retirement in 1987, after which he has been emeritus professor.
Apple Records is a record label founded by the Beatles in 1968 as a division of Apple Corps Ltd. It was initially intended as a creative outlet for the Beatles, both as a group and individually, plus a selection of other artists including Mary Hopkin, James Taylor, Badfinger, and Billy Preston. In practice, the roster had become dominated by the mid-1970s with releases of the former Beatles as solo artists. Allen Klein managed the label from 1969 to 1973, then it was managed by Neil Aspinall on behalf of the Beatles and their heirs. Aspinall retired in 2007 and was replaced by Jeff Jones.
Gibbs Point, a rock point on the Antarctic Peninsula, the most northern area of the continent of Antarctica, was named for African American Antarctic explorer, George W. Gibbs, Jr. on September 2, 2009. On that date, the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (U.S. Board on Geographic Names) confirmed the place name in Antarctica for Gibbs as the first black explorer to set foot on the continent. Gibbs Point is a rock point forming the northwest entrance to Gaul Cove, on the northeast of Horseshoe Island, Marguerite Bay, Antarctic Peninsula.
Sadnalegs () or Tridé Songtsen (), was the youngest son of King Trisong Detsen of Tibet (reigned 800–815 CE – though various accounts give the beginning of his reign as 797 or 804 CE).
The California Golden Seals were a team in the National Hockey League (NHL) from 1967 to 1976. Initially named California Seals, the team was renamed Oakland Seals partway through the 1967 -- 68 season (on December 8, 1967), and then to California Golden Seals in 1970. The Seals were one of six teams added to the league as part of the 1967 NHL expansion. Based in Oakland, California, they played their home games at the Oakland -- Alameda County Coliseum Arena. However, the Seals were never successful at the gate, and eventually moved to Cleveland to become the Cleveland Barons in 1976.
``Do n't Worry, Be Happy ''is a popular worldwide hit song by musician Bobby McFerrin. Released in September 1988, it became the first a cappella song to reach number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, a position it held for two weeks. The song's title is taken from a famous quotation by Meher Baba. The`` instruments'' in the a cappella song are entirely overdubbed voice parts and other sounds made by McFerrin, using no instruments at all; McFerrin also sings with an affected accent. The comedic original music video for the song stars McFerrin, Robin Williams, and Bill Irwin, and is somewhat shorter than the album version.
Usually, a federation is formed at two levels: the central government and the regions (states, provinces, territories), and little to nothing is said about second or third level administrative political entities. Brazil is an exception, because the 1988 Constitution included the municipalities as autonomous political entities making the federation tripartite, encompassing the Union, the States, and the municipalities. Each state is divided into municipalities (municípios) with their own legislative council (câmara de vereadores) and a mayor (prefeito), which are partly autonomous from both Federal and State Government. Each municipality has a "little constitution", called "organic law" (lei orgânica). Mexico is an intermediate case, in that municipalities are granted full-autonomy by the federal constitution and their existence as autonomous entities (municipio libre, "free municipality") is established by the federal government and cannot be revoked by the states' constitutions. Moreover, the federal constitution determines which powers and competencies belong exclusively to the municipalities and not to the constituent states. However, municipalities do not have an elected legislative assembly.
Satyo Husodo (born on February 22, 1983) is an Indonesian footballer that currently plays for PS Barito Putera in the Liga Indonesia Premier Division (LI).
The 1931 FA Cup Final was a football match between West Bromwich Albion and Birmingham, played on 25 April 1931 at the original Wembley Stadium in London. The showpiece event was the final match of the 1930–31 staging of English football's primary cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (better known as the FA Cup). The match was the 56th FA Cup Final, the ninth to be played at Wembley.
Tom Hood (19 January 1835 – 20 November 1874), was an English humorist and playwright, and son of the poet and author Thomas Hood. A prolific author, in 1865 he was appointed editor of the magazine "Fun". He founded "Tom Hood's Comic Annual" in 1867.
Middle C (the fourth C key from left on a standard 88 - key piano keyboard) is designated C in scientific pitch notation, the most commonly recognized in auditory science, while both C and the Helmholtz designation c 'are used in musical studies. Other note - octave systems, including those used by some makers of digital music keyboards, may refer to Middle C differently. In MIDI, Middle C is note number 60.
The Third Government of the Republic of Croatia () or The Government of National Unity (Croatian: "Vlada nacionalnog jedinstva") was the Croatian Government cabinet led by Prime Minister Franjo Gregurić. It was announced on 17 July 1991 in response to the escalation of the Croatian War of Independence. It was the 3rd cabinet of Croatia since the first multi-party elections, and its term ended on 12 August 1992 after the first parliamentary election under the 1990 Croatian Constitution. During the term of this cabinet Croatia gained internationally diplomatic recognition and became a member of the United Nations.
Fort Meade National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located near the city of Sturgis in Meade County, South Dakota. Administered by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, it encompasses . It is maintained by Black Hills National Cemetery.
The Boston Public Schools enrolls 57,000 students attending 145 schools, including the renowned Boston Latin Academy, John D. O'Bryant School of Math & Science, and Boston Latin School. The Boston Latin School, established 1635, is the oldest public high school in the US; Boston also operates the United States' second oldest public high school, and its oldest public elementary school. The system's students are 40% Hispanic or Latino, 35% Black or African American, 13% White, and 9% Asian. There are private, parochial, and charter schools as well, and approximately 3,300 minority students attend participating suburban schools through the Metropolitan Educational Opportunity Council.
The Embargo Act of 1807, adopted during the Napoleonic Wars, and the War of 1812 significantly curtailed Boston's harbor activity. Although foreign trade returned after these hostilities, Boston's merchants had found alternatives for their capital investments in the interim. Manufacturing became an important component of the city's economy, and by the mid-19th century, the city's industrial manufacturing overtook international trade in economic importance. Until the early 20th century, Boston remained one of the nation's largest manufacturing centers and was notable for its garment production and leather-goods industries. A network of small rivers bordering the city and connecting it to the surrounding region facilitated shipment of goods and led to a proliferation of mills and factories. Later, a dense network of railroads furthered the region's industry and commerce.
Jonathan Sutherland (born 1977) is a Scottish television and radio presenter and producer, currently the main presenter of BBC Scotland's Sunday night "Sportscene" on BBC One Scotland. He also occasionally hosts the "Sportscene" results show on Saturday afternoons and presents the sports segment for "Reporting Scotland".
International Workers' Olympiads were an international sporting event arranged between 1925 and 1937 by Socialist Workers' Sport International (SASI). It was an organisation supported by social democratic parties and International Federation of Trade Unions. Workers' Olympiads were an alternate event for the Olympic Games. The participants were members of various labor sports associations and came mostly from Europe. Nowadays the CSIT World Sports Games are the successor sports events of the International Workers' Olympiads. The "World Sports Games" is the main highlight and a new Brand of the CSIT. It is a unique major sports event for thousands of workers and amateurs every two years. The CSIT (International Workers and Amateurs in Sports Confederation) is an international Multi-Sports Organization.
Democratic Governor Pat Quinn signed legislation on March 9, 2011 to abolish the death penalty in Illinois to go into effect July 1, 2011, and commuted the death sentences of the fifteen inmates on Illinois' death row to life imprisonment. Quinn was criticized for signing the bill after saying that he supported the death penalty during the 2010 gubernatorial campaign after which he defeated the Republican candidate with 50.4% of the vote.
Pootie Tang is a 2001 American comedy film written and directed by Louis C.K. Adapted from a comedy sketch that first appeared on "The Chris Rock Show", the character Pootie Tang is a satire of the stereotyped characters who appeared in old blaxploitation films. The title character's speech, which vaguely resembles pidgin, is mostly unintelligible to the audience, but the other characters in the film have no problem understanding him.
Naves is one of 28 parishes (administrative divisions) in Llanes, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
The Hampton Double Square Historic District is a historic district located in Hampton, Iowa, United States. It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 2003. At the time of its nomination it contained 43 resources, which included 28 contributing buildings, two contributing sites, 10 non-contributing buildings, one non-contributing site, one non-contributing structures, and on non-contributing object. The town of Hampton was laid out by H.P. Allen, who was the county surveyor, in June 1856. The original plat was eight blocks by eight blocks in the shape of an “L”. Near the center of the “L” was the two-block, or double, square. While many county seats in Iowa have a courthouse square, the double square is a rarity. Four double squares were platted in Iowa, but only those in Hampton and Sidney survived their early period of development. Estherville's square was platted as a four-block square, but its development created a double square instead. Hampton has the only symmetrical double square plan in the state. The double square exemplifies the two primary functions of a public square, both commercial and public development.
Noah Haynes Swayne (December 7, 1804 – June 8, 1884) was an American jurist and politician. He was the first Republican appointed as a justice to the United States Supreme Court.
Llamero is one of eleven parishes (administrative divisions) in Candamo, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Winners & Losers is an Australian television drama series first broadcast on the Seven Network on 22 March 2011. It was created by the producers of "Packed to the Rafters" and is aired in the show's former time slot. "Winners & Losers" focuses on the lives of four women living in Melbourne, after they win a large amount of money in the Oz Lotto. Seven renewed "Winners & Losers" for a second season in July 2011 and it began airing from 26 June 2012. Two months later, it was announced the series had been renewed for a third season. A fourth season was confirmed on 19 December 2013. A fifth season was confirmed on 3 December 2014.
Nigerian Graduates are ineligible for employment in governmental establishments (and few private establishments) till they have completed the mandatory one year service. Graduates who are exempted from the service include those above the age of thirty (30) and those with physical disability, therefore completing the service year entitles one to employment. During the service year, Corps members have the opportunity of learning of the cultures of other people, an opportunity many Nigerians never get in their lifetime. The program has also helped in creating entry - level jobs for many Nigerian youth. An NYSC forum dedicated to the NYSC members was built to bridge the gap amongst members serving across Nigeria and also an avenue for corpers to share job information and career resources as well as getting loans from the National Directorate Of Employment.
The Vice President of the United States is assigned the responsibility of presiding over the Senate and designated as its president by the United States Constitution. The vice president, as President of the Senate, has the authority (ex officio, for he or she is not an elected member of the Senate) to cast a tie - breaking vote. Other than this, the rules of the Senate grant its president very little power (in contrast to the powerful office of Speaker of the House of Representatives).
"Grown Men Don't Cry" is a song written by Tom Douglas and Steve Seskin and recorded by American country music artist Tim McGraw. It was released in April 2001 as the first single from McGraw's 2001 album "Set This Circus Down". The song reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) chart and peaked at number 25 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
In 2013 the United States Patent & Trademark Office approximated that the worth of intellectual property to the U.S. economy is more than US$5 trillion and creates employment for an estimated 18 million American people. The value of intellectual property is considered similarly high in other developed nations, such as those in the European Union. In the UK, IP has become a recognised asset class for use in pension-led funding and other types of business finance. However, in 2013, the UK Intellectual Property Office stated: "There are millions of intangible business assets whose value is either not being leveraged at all, or only being leveraged inadvertently".
Paracetamol was first marketed in the United States in 1950 under the name Triagesic, a combination of paracetamol, aspirin, and caffeine. Reports in 1951 of three users stricken with the blood disease agranulocytosis led to its removal from the marketplace, and it took several years until it became clear that the disease was unconnected. Paracetamol was marketed in 1953 by Sterling - Winthrop Co. as Panadol, available only by prescription, and promoted as preferable to aspirin since it was safe for children and people with ulcers. In 1955, paracetamol was marketed as Children's Tylenol Elixir by McNeil Laboratories. In 1956, 500 mg tablets of paracetamol went on sale in the United Kingdom under the trade name Panadol, produced by Frederick Stearns & Co, a subsidiary of Sterling Drug Inc. In 1963, paracetamol was added to the British Pharmacopoeia, and has gained popularity since then as an analgesic agent with few side - effects and little interaction with other pharmaceutical agents. Concerns about paracetamol's safety delayed its widespread acceptance until the 1970s, but in the 1980s paracetamol sales exceeded those of aspirin in many countries, including the United Kingdom. This was accompanied by the commercial demise of phenacetin, blamed as the cause of analgesic nephropathy and hematological toxicity. In 1988 Sterling Winthrop was acquired by Eastman Kodak which sold the over the counter drug rights to SmithKline Beecham in 1994.
Hagerty Insurance Agency, styled just Hagerty, is an insurance company specializing in classic car insurance based in Traverse City, Michigan, in the United States. The company is the leading insurance agency for collector vehicles in the world and host to the largest network of collector car owners. They have also been recognized as "largest insurance agency for collector cars in the United States."
The Department of Health, Education, and Welfare was renamed the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) in 1979, when its education functions were transferred to the newly created United States Department of Education under the Department of Education Organization Act. HHS was left in charge of the Social Security Administration, agencies constituting the Public Health Service, and Family Support Administration.
Melissa Reeves Reeves (left) with Ty Treadway in 2010 Melissa Brennan (1967 - 03 - 14) March 14, 1967 (age 50) Eatontown, New Jersey, U.S. Other names Melissa Brennan Missy Brennan Melissa B. Reeves Melissa Brennan Reeves Missy Reeves Occupation Actress Years active 1983 -- present Spouse (s) Scott Reeves (m. 1990) Children
Pao Sarasin died at Siriraj Hospital in Bangkok after a month-long hospitalization for a blood infection on March 7, 2013, at the age of 83. A royal bathing rite ceremony for Sarasin was held at the Wat Benchamabophit with Princess Maha Chakri Sirindhorn in attendance representing the royal family. He was survived by his wife, Thapuying Tawika Sarasin, and three sons, including Thai television host, Kanit Sarasin.
It came into prominence after 1982 when actress Jane Fonda began to produce a series of aerobics workout videos. In these videos, Fonda would use ``No pain, no gain ''and`` Feel the burn'' as catchphrases for the concept of working out past the point of experiencing muscle aches.
A baby in utero is seen, with the mother's voice heard soothing it. The baby recoils as if struck. Expectant mother Sarah has been in a car accident, and her husband has been killed. Months later on Christmas Eve, Sarah is making final preparations for her delivery the following day. Still reeling from her husband's death, Sarah is now moody and depressed.
Shortly after Louis Philippe's constitutional monarchy was overthrown in the revolution of 1848, the new government of the Second Republic ended Algeria's status as a colony and declared in the 1848 Constitution the occupied lands an integral part of France. Three civil territories -- Alger, Oran, and Constantine -- were organized as Departments of France (local administrative units) under a civilian government. This made them a part of France proper as opposed to a colony. For the first time, French citizens in the civil territories elected their own councils and mayors; Muslims had to be appointed, could not hold more than one - third of council seats, and could not serve as mayors or assistant mayors. The administration of territories outside the zones settled by colons remained under the French Army. Local Muslim administration was allowed to continue under the supervision of French Army commanders, charged with maintaining order in newly pacified regions, and the bureaux arabes. Theoretically, these areas were closed to European colonization.
Dick Ringler is an emeritus Professor of English and Scandinavian Studies at the University of Wisconsin - Madison, and is one of the foremost world authorities on Icelandic literature.
HM Prison Tarrengower is a women's prison located in Maldon, Victoria, Australia. It focuses on release preparation for the women, and provides them with programs and employment opportunities, also allowing them to build confidence and skill sets when it comes to gaining and maintaining employment both whilst in custody and also upon their release.
He became famous when on Saturday 19 March 1932, he upstaged Lang at the opening of the Sydney Harbour Bridge, before a crowd of 300,000 people. He was not a member of the official party but, on horseback and dressed in his military uniform, he was able to blend in with the escort party of NSW Lancers. Lang was about to cut the ribbon to formally open the bridge, when de Groot rode forward and drew his ceremonial sword, making to cut the ribbon and declare the bridge open ``in the name of the decent and respectable people of New South Wales ''. While many accounts say de Groot succeeded in slashing the ribbon, at least one eyewitness has disputed the claim and suggested it was probably broken by the hooves of his rearing horse.
The Primatial Basilica of the Blessed Virgin Mary Assumed Into Heaven and St Adalbert (), also known as the Esztergom Basilica (), is an ecclesiastic basilica in Esztergom, Hungary, the mother church of the Archdiocese of Esztergom-Budapest, and the seat of the Catholic Church in Hungary. It is dedicated to the Saint Mary of the Assumption and Saint Adalbert.
Alexey Brodovitch was born in Ogolichi, Russian Empire (now Belarus) to a wealthy family in 1898. His father, Vyacheslav or Cheslau Brodovitch, was a respected physician, psychiatrist and huntsman. His mother was an amateur painter. During the Russo-Japanese War, his family moved to Moscow, where his father worked in a hospital for Japanese prisoners. Alexey was sent to study at the Prince Tenisheff School, a prestigious institution in Saint Petersburg, with the intentions of eventually enrolling in the Imperial Art Academy. He had no formal training in art through his childhood, but often sketched noble profiles in the audience at concerts in the city.
Susie is an unincorporated community in Benton County, Washington, United States, located approximately 25 miles southwest of Othello on the Hanford Nuclear Reservation.
Sony released the first consumer camcorder in 1983, the Betamovie BMC - 100P. It used a Betamax cassette and rested on the operator's shoulder, due to a design not permitting a single - handed grip. That year, JVC released the first VHS - C camcorder. Kodak announced a new camcorder format in 1984, the 8 mm video format. Sony introduced its compact 8 mm Video8 format in 1985. That year, Panasonic, RCA and Hitachi began producing camcorders using a full - size VHS cassette with a three - hour capacity. These shoulder - mount camcorders were used by videophiles, industrial videographers and college TV studios. Full - size Super-VHS (S - VHS) camcorders were released in 1987, providing an inexpensive way to collect news segments or other videographies. Sony upgraded Video8, releasing the Hi8 in competition with S - VHS.
The Inland Revenue was, until April 2005, a department of the British Government responsible for the collection of direct taxation, including income tax, national insurance contributions, capital gains tax, inheritance tax, corporation tax, petroleum revenue tax and stamp duty. More recently, the Inland Revenue also administered the Tax Credits schemes, whereby monies, such as Working Tax Credit (WTC) and Child Tax Credit (CTC), are paid by the Government into a recipient's bank account or as part of their wages. The Inland Revenue was also responsible for the payment of child benefit.
This is a list of the longest winning streaks in National Basketball Association (NBA) history. The list includes streaks that started at the end of one season and carried over into the following season. There are two lists, streaks that consist entirely of regular - season games and streaks made up of playoff games only. The Los Angeles Lakers hold the record for the longest winning streak in NBA history. They won 33 straight games in the 1971 -- 72 season, compiling a season - best 69 -- 13 record and went on to win the NBA Finals. In the 2016 -- 17 season, the Golden State Warriors posted a season - best 67 -- 15 regular - season record and began the 2017 playoffs with a 15 game win - streak, the most consecutive wins in NBA playoff history. They went on to win the NBA Championship with a 16 -- 1 (. 941 winning percentage) record, the best playoff record in NBA history.
The son of Canon Brian Christopherson, Christopherson was born in Batley, Yorkshire, United Kingdom, in 1868. He went to the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle, Clifton College and studied at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge. He received his final medical training at St Bartholomew's Hospital. He received his Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery in 1893 and joined the Fellowship of the Royal College of Surgeons.
The Temptation of Sarah Jane Smith is a story of "The Sarah Jane Adventures" which was broadcast on CBBC on 17 and 24 November 2008. It is the fifth serial of the second series.
According to Pew Research, 7% of the population identifies as Christian; 4% as Muslim; 1% follows traditional animistic beliefs; and 2% follow other religions, including Mahayana Buddhism, Hinduism, and East Asian religions. However, according to a US State Department's 2010 international religious freedom report, official statistics are alleged to underestimate the non-Buddhist population. Independent researchers put the Muslim population at 6 to 10% of the population[citation needed]. Jehovah's Witnesses have been present since 1914 and have about 80 congregations around the country and a branch office in Yangon publishing in 16 languages. A tiny Jewish community in Rangoon had a synagogue but no resident rabbi to conduct services.
Sir William Watson (1744–1824) was an English physician and naturalist, elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1767 and knighted in 1796. He was mayor of Bath in 1801.
Jive Records was an American record label under the RCA Music Group formed in 1981 by Zomba Records. Formerly headquartered in New York City, the label was best known for a string of successes with hip hop artists in the 1980s, and also in teen pop and boy bands during the 1990s and early 2000s.
The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA or sometimes U.S. EPA) is an agency of the federal government of the United States which was created for the purpose of protecting human health and the environment by writing and enforcing regulations based on laws passed by Congress. President Richard Nixon proposed the establishment of EPA and it began operation on December 2, 1970, after Nixon signed an executive order. The order establishing the EPA was ratified by committee hearings in the House and Senate. The agency is led by its Administrator, who is appointed by the President and approved by Congress. The current Administrator is Scott Pruitt. The EPA is not a Cabinet department, but the Administrator is normally given cabinet rank.
Sport plays an important role in Estonian culture. After declaring independence from Russia in 1918, Estonia first competed as a nation at the 1920 Summer Olympics, although the National Olympic Committee was established in 1923. Estonian athletes took part of the Olympic Games until the country was annexed by the Soviet Union in 1940. The 1980 Summer Olympics Sailing regatta was held in the capital city Tallinn. After regaining independence in 1991, Estonia has participated in all Olympics. Estonia has won most of its medals in athletics, weightlifting, wrestling and cross-country skiing. Estonia has had very good success at the Olympic games given the country's small population. Estonia's best results were being ranked 13th in the medal table at the 1936 Summer Olympics, and 12th at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
The TSFSR existed from 1922 to 1936, when it was divided up into three separate entities (Armenian SSR, Azerbaijan SSR, and Georgian SSR). Armenians enjoyed a period of relative stability under Soviet rule. They received medicine, food, and other provisions from Moscow, and communist rule proved to be a soothing balm in contrast to the turbulent final years of the Ottoman Empire. The situation was difficult for the church, which struggled under Soviet rule. After the death of Vladimir Lenin, Joseph Stalin took the reins of power and began an era of renewed fear and terror for Armenians.
E.G. Daily who played Baby Doll says it was ``a very frustrating thing for me ''to not sing in the film`` Because Diane Lane was singing, and I remember thinking, ``Ah!'' It was so frustrating for me. It was painful. Because I wanted to be on that stage singing with those guys... But back then I always played those quirky characters. I did n't get those fancy leads. I got those best friend of the leads, quirky, funny characters. Hookers with a heart of gold. Weirdos. ''
ACM SIGGRAPH convenes the annual SIGGRAPH conference, attended by tens of thousands of computer professionals. The organization also sponsors other conferences around the world, and regular events are held by its professional and student chapters in several countries.
Oz the Great and Powerful is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi and produced by Joe Roth, from a screenplay written by David Lindsay - Abaire and Mitchell Kapner. The film stars James Franco, Michelle Williams, Rachel Weisz and Mila Kunis, with Zach Braff, Bill Cobbs, Joey King, and Tony Cox in supporting roles. Based on L. Frank Baum's Oz novels and set 20 years before the events of the original novel, Oz the Great and Powerful is a spiritual prequel to the 1939 Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer film, The Wizard of Oz. The film tells the story of Oscar Diggs, a deceptive magician who arrives in the Land of Oz and encounters three witches: Theodora, Evanora, and Glinda. Oscar is then enlisted to restore order in Oz, while struggling to resolve conflicts with the witches and himself.
Alarcón was born in Quito. He was the President of the National Congress from 1991 to 1992 and then again from August 1995 to February 1997, when he was made acting president due to the impeachment of President Abdalá Bucaram. This deepened the political crisis in Ecuador as vice-president Rosalía Arteaga challenged Alarcón's assumption of the presidency. Arteaga then became president for two days but Alarcón was then restored. He gave up the presidency after early elections were held in 1998, in which he did not run. In 1999 he was arrested on corruption charges, but was later released. Alarcón is a member of the Alfarista Radical Front.
Sanaa Lathan voices Donna Tubbs, the wife of Cleveland, stepmother of Cleveland Brown Jr., and mother of Roberta and Rallo Tubbs. In developing the character, Lathan said that the producers ``wanted her to be educated, but to have some edge. ''Prior to voicing Donna, Lathan had only one other voice credit in a relatively low - budget film entitled The Golden Blaze. In addition to the show, she also primarily worked as an actress in such films as Alien vs. Predator, Love & Basketball and The Family That Preys.
J. M. E. McTaggart of Cambridge University, argued that minds alone exist and only relate to each other through love. Space, time and material objects are unreal. In The Unreality of Time he argued that time is an illusion because it is impossible to produce a coherent account of a sequence of events. The Nature of Existence (1927) contained his arguments that space, time, and matter cannot possibly be real. In his Studies in Hegelian Cosmology (Cambridge, 1901, p196) he declared that metaphysics are not relevant to social and political action. McTaggart "thought that Hegel was wrong in supposing that metaphysics could show that the state is more than a means to the good of the individuals who compose it". For McTaggart "philosophy can give us very little, if any, guidance in action... Why should a Hegelian citizen be surprised that his belief as to the organic nature of the Absolute does not help him in deciding how to vote? Would a Hegelian engineer be reasonable in expecting that his belief that all matter is spirit should help him in planning a bridge?
Powwow Pond is a water body in Rockingham County in southeastern New Hampshire, United States. The outlet of the pond is located in the town of East Kingston, but most of the lake lies in the town of Kingston. The Powwow River, the outlet of the pond, flows to the Merrimack River in Amesbury, Massachusetts.
USS "MacLeish" (DD-220/AG-87) was a "Clemson"-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Lieutenant Kenneth MacLeish.
The United States is by far the most successful country in Olympic basketball, with United States men's teams having won 15 of 18 tournaments in which they participated, including seven consecutive titles from 1936 through 1968. United States women's teams have won 8 titles out of the 10 tournaments in which they competed, including six in a row from 1996 to 2016. Besides the United States, Argentina is the only nation still in existence who has won either the men's or women's tournament. The Soviet Union, Yugoslavia and the Unified Team are the countries no longer in existence who have won the tournament. The United States are the defending champions in both men's and women's tournaments. As of the 2016 Summer Olympics, 90 medals (30 of each color) have been awarded to teams from 20 National Olympic Committees.
``Honour thy father and thy mother ''is one of the Ten Commandments in the Hebrew Bible. The commandment is generally regarded in Protestant and Jewish sources as the fifth in both the list in Exodus 20: 1 -- 21, and in Deuteronomy (Dvarim) 5: 1 -- 23. Catholics count this as the fourth.
Paksane, Paksan or Muang Pakxan (Lao ປາກຊັນ) () is a town in Bolikhamsai Province, in western Laos. It is the capital of Paksan District. The Nam Xan River joins the Mekong River at Paksan on the border with Thailand, opposite Bung Kan. Paksan is well connected to the south of Laos by Route 13.
The Ukmergė District Municipality is a municipality in Vilnius County, Lithuania. The capital of the municipality is Ukmergė, the largest settlement and only city in the municipality. The entire municipality belongs to Aukštaitija ethnographic region.
"Love Someone Like Me" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Holly Dunn. It was released in May 1987 as the first single from the album "Cornerstone". The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Dunn and Radney Foster.
In 1977, the Supreme Court's Coker v. Georgia decision barred the death penalty for rape of an adult woman, and implied that the death penalty was inappropriate for any offense against another person other than murder. Prior to the decision, the death penalty for rape of an adult had been gradually phased out in the United States, and at the time of the decision, the State of Georgia and the U.S. Federal government were the only two jurisdictions to still retain the death penalty for that offense. However, three states maintained the death penalty for child rape, as the Coker decision only imposed a ban on executions for the rape of an adult woman. In 2008, the Kennedy v. Louisiana decision barred the death penalty for child rape. The result of these two decisions means that the death penalty in the United States is largely restricted to cases where the defendant took the life of another human being. The current federal kidnapping statute, however, may be exempt because the death penalty applies if the victim dies in the perpetrator's custody, not necessarily by his hand, thus stipulating a resulting death, which was the wording of the objection. In addition, the Federal government retains the death penalty for non-murder offenses that are considered crimes against the state, including treason, espionage, and crimes under military jurisdiction.
Other less likely contenders are Guam and the United States Virgin Islands, both of which are unincorporated organized territories of the United States. Also, the Northern Mariana Islands and American Samoa, an unorganized, unincorporated territory, could both attempt to gain statehood. Some proposals call for the Virgin Islands to be admitted with Puerto Rico as one state (often known as the proposed "Commonwealth of Prusvi", for Puerto Rico/U.S. Virgin Islands, or as "Puerto Virgo"), and for the amalgamation of U.S. territories or former territories in the Pacific Ocean, in the manner of the "Greater Hawaii" concept of the 1960s. Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands would be admitted as one state, along with Palau, the Federated States of Micronesia, and the Marshall Islands (although these latter three entities are now separate sovereign nations, which have Compact of Free Association relationships with the United States). Such a state would have a population of 412,381 (slightly lower than Wyoming's population) and a land area of 911.82 square miles (2,361.6 km2) (slightly smaller than Rhode Island). American Samoa could possibly be part of such a state, increasing the population to 467,900 and the area to 988.65 square miles (2,560.6 km2). Radio Australia, in late May 2008, issued signs of Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands becoming one again and becoming the 51st state.
In September 2007, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced the establishment of the Indian Premier League, a Twenty20 competition to be started in 2008. In January 2008, the BCCI unveiled the owners of eight city - based franchises. The Chennai franchise was sold to the India Cements for $91 million, making it the fourth most expensive team in the league behind Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad. India Cements acquired the rights to the franchise for 10 years. Former ICC Chairman N. Srinivasan was the de facto owner of the Chennai Super Kings, by means of his position as the vice-chairman and managing director of India Cements Ltd. The franchisee was transferred to a separate entity named Chennai Super Kings Cricket Ltd., after the Supreme Court of India struck down the controversial amendment to the BCCI constitution's clause 6.2. 4 that allowed board officials to have a commercial interest in the IPL and the Champions League T20 on January 22, 2015.
Geraldine Anne ``Gerry ''Ferraro (August 26, 1935 -- March 26, 2011) was an American attorney and Democratic Party politician who served in the United States House of Representatives. In 1984, she was the first female vice presidential candidate representing a major American political party.
Saint Nicholas Church, Strasbourg (Église Saint Nicolas) is a small Gothic church in Strasbourg. Jean Calvin led services and preached at this church in 1538.
LeBron James returned to the Cavs in 2014 -- 15 and led the team back to the playoffs for the first time since 2010, where they claimed their second Eastern Conference championship. The following season, Cleveland again won the Eastern Conference and returned to the NBA Finals, where they won their first NBA championship and first major sports title in the city since 1964. The 2016 NBA Finals victory over the Golden State Warriors marked the first time in Finals history a team had come back to win the series after trailing three games to one. Through the 2016 -- 17 season, the Cavs have made 21 playoff appearances, and won six Central Division titles, four Eastern Conference titles, and one NBA title.
As indigenous territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation and ecocide, such as in the Peruvian Amazon indigenous peoples' rainforest communities continue to disappear, while others, like the Urarina continue to struggle to fight for their cultural survival and the fate of their forested territories. Meanwhile, the relationship between non-human primates in the subsistence and symbolism of indigenous lowland South American peoples has gained increased attention, as have ethno-biology and community-based conservation efforts.
"Under Your Spell Again" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Buck Owens. The song peaked at number 4 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.
The Citizen is a newspaper based in Juba, the national capital of South Sudan and the state capital of Central Equatoria.
John D. Craig (1903–1997) was an American businessman, writer, soldier, diver, Hollywood stunt man, film producer, and television host. He worked in the commercial surface-supplied diving industry from the 1930s on, and filmed aerial combat over Europe during World War II. He is best known for using film and television to show the United States public the beauties and dangers of Earth's underwater worlds.
The first emperor of the Ming dynasty, Zhu Yuanzhang (the Hongwu Emperor), who overthrew the Yuan dynasty, renamed the city Yingtian, rebuilt it, and made it the dynastic capital in 1368. He constructed a 48 km (30 mi) long city wall around Yingtian, as well as a new Ming Palace complex, and government halls. It took 200,000 laborers 21 years to finish the project. The present-day City Wall of Nanjing was mainly built during that time and today it remains in good condition and has been well preserved. It is among the longest surviving city walls in China. The Jianwen Emperor ruled from 1398 to 1402.
Benson Junction is an unincorporated community located in southwest Volusia County, Florida, within the city limits of DeBary. It is the former location of the Ox Fibre Brush Company and presently an industrial location. Benson Junction is located just west of U.S. Highway 17-92 (Charles Richard Beall Blvd.), along Benson Junction Road.
Unlike its predecessor, Windows Server 2012 has no support for Itanium - based computers, and has four editions. Various features were added or improved over Windows Server 2008 R2 (with many placing an emphasis on cloud computing), such as an updated version of Hyper - V, an IP address management role, a new version of Windows Task Manager, and ReFS, a new file system. Windows Server 2012 received generally good reviews in spite of having included the same controversial Metro - based user interface seen in Windows 8.
Landkjenning () is the second full-length album by the Norwegian folk rock band Glittertind, released on May 27, 2009 through Napalm Records. All instruments and vocals were done by Torbjørn Sandvik and Geirmund Simonsen except the following instruments handled by session members: Harding fiddle by Erlend Viken, flutes by Stefan Theofilakis and cello by Kaja Fjellberg Pettersen. The cover-artwork was done by Kris Verwimp and the cover-layout by Julien Riesen.
In the Bible, it is not as precisely defined as other Biblical measurements of distance; the distance has been estimated from 32 to 40 kilometers (20 -- 25 miles).
In the Powhatan tribe in Tsenacommacah, North America, Pocahontas, the daughter of Chief Powhatan, fears being possibly wed to Kocoum, a brave warrior whom she sees as too serious for her own free - spirited personality. Powhatan gives Pocahontas her mother's necklace as a present. Pocahontas, along with her friends, the raccoon Meeko and hummingbird Flit, visit Grandmother Willow, a spiritual talking willow tree, and speaks of a dream involving a spinning arrow, and her confusion regarding what her path in life should be. Grandmother Willow then alerts Pocahontas to the arriving English.
The foundations of the British Empire were laid when England and Scotland were separate kingdoms. In 1496 King Henry VII of England, following the successes of Spain and Portugal in overseas exploration, commissioned John Cabot to lead a voyage to discover a route to Asia via the North Atlantic. Cabot sailed in 1497, five years after the European discovery of America, and although he successfully made landfall on the coast of Newfoundland (mistakenly believing, like Christopher Columbus, that he had reached Asia), there was no attempt to found a colony. Cabot led another voyage to the Americas the following year but nothing was heard of his ships again.
Writers of Sporting News described hitting four home runs in a single Major League Baseball (MLB) game as ``baseball's greatest single - game accomplishment ''. Eighteen players have accomplished the feat to date, the most recent being J.D. Martinez of the Arizona Diamondbacks on September 4, 2017 against the Los Angeles Dodgers. No player has done this more than once in his career and no player has ever hit more than four in a game. Bobby Lowe was the first to hit four home runs in a single game, doing so on May 30, 1894. Fans were reportedly so excited that they threw $160 in silver coins ($4,400 today) onto the field after his fourth home run.
Incumbent Democratic President Lyndon B. Johnson had been the early front - runner for his party's nomination, but he announced his withdrawal from the race after anti-Vietnam War candidate Eugene McCarthy finished second in the New Hampshire primary. McCarthy, former Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy, and Vice President Humphrey emerged as the three major candidates in the Democratic primaries until Kennedy was assassinated in June 1968. Humphrey won the presidential nomination at the 1968 Democratic National Convention, which saw numerous anti-war protests. Nixon entered the 1968 Republican primaries as the front - runner, and he defeated Nelson Rockefeller, Ronald Reagan, and other candidates at the 1968 Republican National Convention to win his party's nomination. Governor George Wallace of Alabama ran on the American Independent Party ticket, campaigning in favor of racial segregation.
Zachary Brendan McGowan (born May 5, 1980) is an American film and television actor and voice - over artist. He is known for his roles in television series Shameless as Jody, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. as Anton Ivanov / The Superior, Black Sails as Charles Vane, and The 100 as Roan. Other highlights include parts in the films Terminator Salvation, The Hunt for Eagle One, and the sequel The Hunt for Eagle One: Crash Point. He guest - starred in the television series Numbers, CSI: Miami, and Cold Case, with voice - over work for the Scream Awards, Animal Planet and the video games Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier, Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City, and Iron Man.
Jazz Contemporary is an album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham featuring performances recorded in 1960 and released on the Time label. The album features the recording debut of pianist Steve Kuhn.
In 2016, Tori Kelly as the voice of Meena covered the song for the animated movie Sing and its soundtrack.
Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos is a popular science book by Michio Kaku first published in 2004.
The United States Congress declared war on Mexico on May 13, 1846 after only having a few hours to debate. Although President José Mariano Paredes's issuance of a manifesto on May 23 is sometimes considered the declaration of war, Mexico officially declared war by Congress on July 7. After the American invasion of New Mexico, Chihuahua sent 12,000 men led by Colonel Vidal to the border to stop the American military advance into the state. The Mexican forces being impatient to confront the American forces passed beyond El Paso del Norte about 20 miles (32 km) north along the Rio Grande. The first battle that Chihuahua fought was the battle of El Bracito; the Mexican forces consisting of 500 cavalry and 70 infantry confronted a force of 1,100–1,200 Americans on December 25, 1846. The battle ended badly by the Mexican forces that were then forced to retreat back into the state of Chihuahua. By December 27, 1846, the American forces occupied El Paso Del Norte. General Doniphan maintained camp in El Paso Del Norte awaiting supplies and artillery which he received in February 1847.
The discovery of new maritime trade routes by Western European states allowed them to avoid the Ottoman trade monopoly. The Portuguese discovery of the Cape of Good Hope in 1488 initiated a series of Ottoman-Portuguese naval wars in the Indian Ocean throughout the 16th century. The Somali Muslim Ajuran Empire, allied with the Ottomans, defied the Portuguese economic monopoly in the Indian Ocean by employing a new coinage which followed the Ottoman pattern, thus proclaiming an attitude of economic independence in regard to the Portuguese.
The Scion xD is a five-door subcompact hatchback marketed in the U.S. and Canada by Japanese manufacturer Toyota beginning with the 2008 model year — replacing the xA. The Scion xD and the second generation xB were first shown to the public on February 8, 2007 at the Chicago Auto Show. The xD appeared in Scion showrooms in mid-2007 in the USA and in 2011 for Canada. The Scion xD was discontinued in 2014, and was succeeded by the Toyota C-HR in 2017.
Products offered through the Great Value brand are often claimed to be as good as national brand offerings, but are typically sold at a lower price because of lower marketing and advertising expense. As a house or store brand, the Great Value line does not consist of goods produced by Walmart, but is a labeling system for items manufactured and packaged by a number of agricultural and food corporations, such as ConAgra, Sara Lee which, in addition to releasing products under its own brands and exclusively for Walmart, also manufactures and brands foods for a variety of other chain stores. Often, this labeling system, to the dismay of consumers, does not list location of manufacture of the product. Wal - Mart contends that all Great Value products are produced in the United States. Otherwise, the country of origin would be listed.
Capital Bars plc (formerly known as Break for the Border Group plc) is an Irish leisure company based in Dublin. Its core business is the acquisition, development and operation of bars, hotels and restaurants, all based in Dublin city centre. Brothers Desmond and Liam O'Dwyer control the company as Joint Managing Directors. After acquiring Capital Bars in 2001, the O’Dwyers took the company private the following year.
Although there had been significant earlier attempts to reform the Catholic Church before Luther -- such as those of Jan Hus, Peter Waldo, and John Wycliffe -- Martin Luther is widely acknowledged to have started the Reformation with the Ninety - five Theses. Luther began by criticising the sale of indulgences, insisting that the Pope had no authority over purgatory and that the Catholic doctrine of the merits of the saints had no foundation in the Bible. The Protestant Reformation, however, would come to incorporate doctrinal changes such as a complete reliance on Scripture as a source of proper belief (sola scriptura) and the belief that faith in Jesus, and not good works, is the only way to obtain God's pardon for sin (sola fide). The core motivation behind these changes was theological, though many other factors played a part, including the rise of nationalism, the Western Schism that eroded loyalty to the Papacy, the perceived corruption of the Roman Curia, the impact of humanism, and the new learning of the Renaissance that questioned much traditional thought.
The Spy Who Dumped Me is a 2018 American action comedy film directed by Susanna Fogel and co-written by Fogel and David Iserson. The film stars Mila Kunis, Kate McKinnon, Justin Theroux, Sam Heughan, Hasan Minhaj and Gillian Anderson and follows two best friends who are chased through Europe by assassins after one of their ex-boyfriends turns out to be a CIA agent. The film was released in the United States on August 3, 2018, by Lionsgate. It has grossed over $72 million and received mixed reviews from critics, who questioned the film's intended genre and tone but praised the performances.
After Malaysia's independence in 1957, the government instructed all schools to surrender their properties and be assimilated into the National School system. This caused an uproar among the Chinese and a compromise was achieved in that the schools would instead become "National Type" schools. Under such a system, the government is only in charge of the school curriculum and teaching personnel while the lands still belonged to the schools. While Chinese primary schools were allowed to retain Chinese as the medium of instruction, Chinese secondary schools are required to change into English-medium schools. Over 60 schools converted to become National Type schools.
The EP-3 was operating about away from the PRC island province of Hainan, and about away from the Chinese military installation in the Paracel Islands, when it was intercepted by two J-8 fighters. A collision between the EP-3 and one of the J-8s caused the death of a PRC pilot, and the EP-3 was forced to make an emergency landing on Hainan. The 24 crew members were detained and interrogated by the Chinese authorities until a statement was delivered by the United States government regarding the incident. The exact phrasing of this document was intentionally ambiguous and allowed both countries to save face while defusing a potentially volatile situation between militarily strong regional states.
While acknowledging the central role economic growth can potentially play in human development, poverty reduction and the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals, it is becoming widely understood amongst the development community that special efforts must be made to ensure poorer sections of society are able to participate in economic growth. The effect of economic growth on poverty reduction – the growth elasticity of poverty – can depend on the existing level of inequality. For instance, with low inequality a country with a growth rate of 2% per head and 40% of its population living in poverty, can halve poverty in ten years, but a country with high inequality would take nearly 60 years to achieve the same reduction. In the words of the Secretary General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon: "While economic growth is necessary, it is not sufficient for progress on reducing poverty."
Russell Tracey McCutcheon (born 1961) is a Canadian religion scholar with a PhD in religious studies from the University of Toronto in 1995. He is a professor and was department chair from 2001 to 2009 at the University of Alabama. He was one of the editors of the quarterly periodical "Method & Theory in the Study of Religion", 1997–2001. In 2005, McCutcheon was elected President of the Council of Societies for the Study of Religion, headquartered at Rice University. He is the founder and series editor for the anthology series, Critical Categories in the Study of Religion.
The fable is made the subject of a poem by the first century CE Greek Poet Bianor, was included in the 2nd century fable collection of pseudo-Dositheus and later appears in the 4th -- 5th - century Latin verse collection by Avianus. The history of this fable in antiquity and the Middle Ages is tracked in A.E. Wright's Hie lert uns der meister: Latin Commentary and the Germany Fable.
The Mar mine is a large open pit mine located in the eastern part of Canada in Yukon. Mar represents one of the largest tungsten reserves in Canada having estimated reserves of 5.31 million tonnes of ore grading 0.39% tungsten.
In many countries the rate of suicide is highest in the middle-aged or elderly. The absolute number of suicides however is greatest in those between 15 and 29 years old, due to the number of people in this age group.  Worldwide, the average age of suicide is between age 30 and 49 for both men and women. This means that half of people who died by suicide were approximately age 40 or younger, and half were older.In the United States the suicide death rate is greatest in Caucasian men older than 80 years, even though younger people more frequently attempt suicide. It is the second most common cause of death in adolescents and in young males is second only to accidental death. In young males in the developed world, it is the cause of nearly 30% of mortality. In the developing world rates are similar, but it makes up a smaller proportion of overall deaths due to higher rates of death from other types of trauma. In South-East Asia, in contrast to other areas of the world, deaths from suicide occur at a greater rate in young females than elderly females.
King Harold (voiced by John Cleese) was the king of Far Far Away, husband of Queen Lillian, father of Princess Fiona, and father in - law of Shrek.
In the English NHS charges are made for prescription drugs, and the majority of adults (though not a majority of patients) are required to pay them. Charges were abolished in NHS Wales in 2007, Health and Social Care in Northern Ireland in 2010 and by NHS Scotland in 2011. In 2010 / 11, in England, £450m was raised through prescription charges, some 0.5% of the total NHS budget.
Lorraine Crosby (born November 27, 1960), better known as ``Mrs. Loud '', is an English singer and songwriter. Her most famous work, especially in the United States, is as the female vocalist in Meat Loaf's 1993 hit single`` I'd Do Anything for Love (But I Wo n't Do That)''.
Adriana Sarur Torre (born 17 June 1974) is a Mexican politician from the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico. From 2009 to 2012 she served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Veracruz. And from 2012 to 2015 served as Deputy of the LXIII legislature . Actually she is columnist of the El Heraldo, also is TV host and analyst at ADN40 channel with programs “Desde las Camaras” and “La encerrona”. Director of government relationship of Salinas Group.
Born in Thetford in the English county of Norfolk, Paine migrated to the British American colonies in 1774 with the help of Benjamin Franklin, arriving just in time to participate in the American Revolution. Virtually every rebel read (or listened to a reading of) his powerful pamphlet Common Sense (1776), proportionally the all - time best - selling American title, which crystallized the rebellious demand for independence from Great Britain. His The American Crisis (1776 -- 83) was a pro-revolutionary pamphlet series. Common Sense was so influential that John Adams said, ``Without the pen of the author of Common Sense, the sword of Washington would have been raised in vain. ''
David Kaonohiokala Bray was born 05 Mar 1889 in Honolulu, Kingdom of Hawaii, to Missionary David Howard Hitchcock (1832–1899) and Hana Bray (-1889). Hana died when he was six months old so David had no full siblings, but there were five half siblings from his father's previous marriage to Almeda Eliza Widger (1828–1895): noted American painter D. Howard Hitchcock (1861 – 1943), Ella Marian Hitchcock (1858 – 1950), Cora Etta Hitchcock (1859 – 1951), Almeda Eliza Hitchcock (1863 – 1895), and Charles Henry Wetmore Hitchcock (1868 – 1940).
Tyler Toffoli (born April 24, 1992) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the Kings in the second round, 47th overall, of the 2010 NHL Entry Draft.
Tan Sri Khoo Teck Puat (; 13 January 1917 – 21 February 2004) was a banker and hotel owner, who, with an estimated fortune of S$4.3 billion, was the wealthiest man in Singapore at one point. He owned the Goodwood Group of boutique hotels in London and Singapore and was the largest single shareholder of the British bank Standard Chartered. The bulk of his fortune came from shares in Standard Chartered, which he bought up in the 1980s to help thwart Lloyds Bank's proposed acquisition which many financiers deemed hostile. The Goodwood Park Hotel in Singapore, built in 1900, is a restored historic landmark.
The first game in Arena Football League history was played on June 19, 1987, between the Gladiators and Commandos at Pittsburgh Civic Arena in front of 12,117 fans. The game was deliberately not televised so that it could be analyzed and any follies and failures would not be subject to national public scrutiny. Following the inaugural game, tweaks and adjustments were made, and the first season continued. The Dynamite and Bruisers played in the first-ever televised AFL game the next night, on June 20, 1987, at the Rosemont Horizon in suburban Chicago on ESPN with Bob Rathbun and Lee Corso calling the play. The broadcast showed a short clip of the Commandos-Gladiators game. Each team played six games, two against each other team. The top two teams, Denver and Pittsburgh, then competed in the first-ever AFL championship game, ArenaBowl I.
Friedrich Gustav Adolf Eduard Ludwig Schmidt-Ott (until 1920 his surname was Schmidt) (4 June 1860, in Potsdam – 28 April 1956, in Berlin) was a German lawyer, scientific organizer, and science policymaker. He was the Prussian Minister of Culture, president of the Emergency Association of German Science, on the advisory boards of the Kaiser Wilhelm Society and its institutes, and chairman of the Donor Federation of the Emergency Association of German Science.
The term "Islamic education" means education in the light of Islam itself, which is rooted in the teachings of the Quran - holy book of Muslims. Islamic education and Muslim education are not the same. Because Islamic education has epistemological integration which is founded on Tawhid - Oneness or monotheism. For details Read "A Qur’anic Methodology for Integrating Knowledge and Education: Implications for Malaysia’s Islamic Education Strategy" written Tareq M Zayed  and "Knowledge of Shariah and Knowledge to Manage ‘Self’ and ‘System’: Integration of Islamic Epistemology with the Knowledge and Education" authored by Tareq M Zayed
Super Bowl XXXVII was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Oakland Raiders and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Tampa Bay Buccaneers to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2002 season. The Buccaneers defeated the Raiders by the score of 48 -- 21, tied with Super Bowl XXXV for the seventh largest Super Bowl margin of victory, and winning their first ever Super Bowl. The game, played on January 26, 2003 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California, was the sixth Super Bowl to be held a week after the conference championship games (XVII, XXV, XXVIII, XXXIV, and XXXVI). It was also the last Super Bowl played in the month of January. Super Bowl XXXVI was the first to be played in February, due to the NFL postponing games for a week after the September 11 attacks. Starting with Super Bowl XXXVIII in 2004, the Super Bowl has been permanently played in February. This was the last Super Bowl until Super Bowl 50 to take place in California.
Smokey Bear is an American advertising mascot created by the Ad Council with artist Albert Staehle, possibly in collaboration with writer and art critic Harold Rosenberg. It is administered by the Ad Council, the United States Forest Service, and the National Association of State Foresters to educate the public about the dangers of wildfires. A campaign featuring Smokey and the slogan ``Smokey Says -- Care Will Prevent 9 out of 10 Forest Fires ''began in 1944. His later slogan,`` Remember... Only YOU Can Prevent Forest Fires'' was created in 1947. In April 2001, the message was updated to ``Only You Can Prevent Wildfires. ''According to the Ad Council, he and his message are recognized in the United States by 95% of adults and 77% of children.
Hammertown is a community located in the township of King, in Ontario, Canada, near the intersection of the 12th concession and 17th sideroad. It was once a small hamlet which had a general store, blacksmith shop, a schoolhouse, and a post office. People who live in Hammertown provision most of their goods and services from Nobleton, Bolton or Schomberg.
One Law for All is a 1920 American short Western film directed by Leo D. Maloney and featuring Hoot Gibson.
Chloe Sullivan is a fictional character in the television series "Smallville", which is based on the Superman and Superboy comics published by DC Comics. Portrayed by series regular Allison Mack, the character was created exclusively for "Smallville" by series developers Alfred Gough and Miles Millar. Other than main character Clark Kent, Chloe is the only main character to last the duration of the show, though Mack signed on for only five episodes in the tenth and final season. The character has also appeared in various literature based on "Smallville", an internet series, and was then later adapted back into the original Superman comics which inspired "Smallville".
John Lennon -- vocals, acoustic rhythm guitar Paul McCartney -- bass, backing vocals George Harrison -- lead guitar, backing vocals Ringo Starr -- drums
Star Cola () is a cola drink produced in Myanmar. Star Cola is manufactured and distributed by "MGS Beverages Co., Ltd.", which is under the MGS (Myanma Golden Star) Group of Companies.
The prolonged and escalating Byzantine–Sassanid wars of the 6th and 7th centuries and the recurring outbreaks of bubonic plague (Plague of Justinian) left both empires exhausted and vulnerable in the face of the sudden emergence and expansion of the Arabs. The last of the wars between the Roman and Persian empires ended with victory for the Byzantines: Emperor Heraclius regained all lost territories, and restored the True Cross to Jerusalem in 629.Nevertheless, neither empire was given any chance to recover, as within a few years they found themselves in conflict with the Arabs (newly united by the Islam), which, according to Howard-Johnston, "can only be likened to a human tsunami". According to George Liska, the "unnecessarily prolonged Byzantine–Persian conflict opened the way for Islam".In late 620s, the Islamic Prophet Muhammad had already managed to unify much of Arabia under Muslim rule via conquest as well as making alliances with neighboring tribes, and it was under his leadership that the first Muslim-Byzantine skirmishes took place. Just a few months after Emperor Heraclius and the Persian general Shahrbaraz agreed on terms for the withdrawal of Persian troops from occupied Byzantine eastern provinces in 629, Arab and Byzantine troops confronted each other at the Mu'tah in response to the murder of Muhammad's ambassador at the hands of the Ghassanids, a Byzantine vassal kingdom. Muhammad died in 632 and was succeeded by Abu Bakr, the first Caliph with undisputed control of the entire Arabian Peninsula after the successful Ridda Wars, which resulted in the consolidation of a powerful Muslim state throughout the peninsula.
``Fundamental Rights ''are the basic rights of the common people and inalienable rights of the people who enjoy it under the charter of rights contained in Part III (Article 12 to 35) of Constitution of India. It guarantees civil liberties such that all Indians can lead their lives in peace and harmony as citizens of India. These include individual rights common to most liberal democracies, such as equality before law freedom of speech and expression, religious and cultural freedom and peaceful assembly, freedom to practice religion, and the right to constitutional remedies for the protection of civil rights by means of writs such as habeas corpus, Mandamus, Prohibition, Certiorari and Quo Warranto. Violation of these rights result in punishments as prescribed in the Indian Penal Code or other special laws, subject to discretion of the judiciary. The Fundamental Rights are defined as basic human freedoms that every Indian citizen has the right to enjoy for a proper and harmonious development of personality. These rights universally apply to all citizens, irrespective of race, place of birth, religion, caste or gender. Though the rights conferred by the constitution other than fundamental rights are equally valid and their enforcement in case of violation shall be secured from the judiciary in a time consuming legal process. However, in case of fundamental rights violation, Supreme court of India can be approached directly for ultimate justice per Article 32. The Rights have their origins in many sources, including England's Bill of Rights, the United States Bill of Rights and France's Declaration of the Rights of Man.
Julian Marshall is a British journalist and radio broadcaster working for the BBC. Marshall is one of the main presenters of "Newshour" on the BBC World Service.
One of the common definitions for "Islamic philosophy" is "the style of philosophy produced within the framework of Islamic culture." Islamic philosophy, in this definition is neither necessarily concerned with religious issues, nor is exclusively produced by Muslims. The Persian scholar Ibn Sina (Avicenna) (980–1037) had more than 450 books attributed to him. His writings were concerned with various subjects, most notably philosophy and medicine. His medical textbook The Canon of Medicine was used as the standard text in European universities for centuries. He also wrote The Book of Healing, an influential scientific and philosophical encyclopedia.
Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball 2017 -- 18 Ohio State Buckeyes men's basketball team University Ohio State University First season 1898 Head coach Chris Holtmann (1st season) Conference Big Ten Location Columbus, Ohio Arena Value City Arena (Capacity: 18,809) Nickname Buckeyes Student section Nuthouse Colors Scarlet and Gray Uniforms Home Away Alternate NCAA Tournament champions 1960 NCAA Tournament runner - up 1939, 1961, 1962, 2007 NCAA Tournament Final Four 1939, 1944, 1945, 1946, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1968, 1999 *, 2007, 2012 NCAA Tournament Elite Eight 1939, 1944, 1945, 1946, 1950, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1968, 1971, 1992, 1999 *, 2007, 2012, 2013 NCAA Tournament Sweet Sixteen 1960, 1961, 1962, 1968, 1971, 1980, 1983, 1991, 1992, 1999 *, 2007, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 NCAA Tournament appearances 1939, 1944, 1945, 1946, 1950, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1968, 1971, 1980, 1982, 1983, 1985, 1987, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1999 *, 2000 *, 2001 *, 2002 *, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2018 Conference tournament champions 2002 *, 2007, 2010, 2011, 2013 Conference regular season champions 1925, 1933, 1939, 1944, 1946, 1950, 1960, 1961, 1962, 1963, 1964, 1968, 1971, 1991, 1992, 2000 *, 2002 *, 2006, 2007, 2010, 2011, 2012 * vacated by NCAA
Mathura Refinery located in the city is one of the biggest oil refineries of Asia with 8.0 MMTPA refining capacity. This oil refinery of the Indian Oil Corporation is a highly technologically advanced oil refinery and provides local employment opportunities.
The East Coast of the United States is the coastline along which the Eastern United States meets the North Atlantic Ocean. This area is also known as the Eastern Seaboard, the Atlantic Coast and the Atlantic Seaboard. The coastal states that have shoreline on the Atlantic Ocean are, from north to south, Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.
Most analyses place Kerry's voting record on the left within the Senate Democratic caucus. During the 2004 presidential election he was portrayed as a staunch liberal by conservative groups and the Bush campaign, who often noted that in 2003 Kerry was rated the National Journal's top Senate liberal. However, that rating was based only upon voting on legislation within that past year. In fact, in terms of career voting records, the National Journal found that Kerry is the 11th most liberal member of the Senate. Most analyses find that Kerry is at least slightly more liberal than the typical Democratic Senator. Kerry has stated that he opposes privatizing Social Security, supports abortion rights for adult women and minors, supports same-sex marriage, opposes capital punishment except for terrorists, supports most gun control laws, and is generally a supporter of trade agreements. Kerry supported the North American Free Trade Agreement and Most Favored Nation status for China, but opposed the Central American Free Trade Agreement.[citation needed]
Giffen goods are named after Scottish economist Sir Robert Giffen, to whom Alfred Marshall attributed this idea in his book "Principles of Economics", first published in 1890. Giffen first proposed the paradox from his observations of the purchasing habits of the Victorian era poor.
Plansee SE is a corporation which has its head office in Reutte, Austria, and is a fully owned division of the Plansee Group. This privately owned company manufactures products based on high-performance materials made from refractory metals such as molybdenum, tungsten, tantalum, niobium, chromium and their alloys. Its products are used in the lighting, electronics, medical, coatings, energy transmission and distribution, system and furnace construction sectors.
The Interstate 182 (I-182) Bridge, formally known as the Lee-Volpentest Bridges is the collective name for a pair of bridges carrying Interstate 182 over the Columbia River between Pasco and Richland in the U.S. state of Washington. They are named after Glenn C. Lee, publisher of the "Tri-City Herald", and Sam Volpentest, a prominent local businessman. It is one of three bridges connecting Pasco to the other members of the Tri-Cities of Washington (Kennewick and Richland), along with the Cable Bridge and the Blue Bridge.
Bob Saget as Future Ted Mosby (voice only, uncredited), Ted's future self, telling his children the story of how he met their mother, in the year 2030.
Rik Smits (born August 23, 1966), nicknamed "the Dunking Dutchman", is a Dutch retired professional basketball player who spent his entire career with the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) The center was drafted by the Pacers out of Marist College with the second overall pick in the 1988 NBA draft. An NBA All-Star in 1998, Smits reached the NBA Finals in 2000.
The Census of Quirinius was a census of Judea taken by Publius Sulpicius Quirinius, Roman governor of Syria, upon the imposition of direct Roman rule in 6 CE. The Gospel of Luke uses it as the narrative means to establish the birth of Jesus (), but places it within the reign of Herod the Great, who died 9 years earlier. No satisfactory explanation of the contradiction seems possible, and most scholars think that the author of the gospel made an error.
The specific devolved matters are all subjects which are not explicitly stated in Schedule 5 to the Scotland Act as reserved matters. All matters that are not specifically reserved are automatically devolved to the Scottish Parliament. Most importantly, this includes agriculture, fisheries and forestry, economic development, education, environment, food standards, health, home affairs, Scots law – courts, police and fire services, local government, sport and the arts, transport, training, tourism, research and statistics and social work. The Scottish Parliament has the ability to alter income tax in Scotland by up to 3 pence in the pound. The 2012 Act conferred further fiscal devolution including borrowing powers and some other unconnected matters such as setting speed limits and control of air guns.
Jordi Solé Tura (23 May 1930 in Mollet del Vallés, Spain – 4 December 2009 in Barcelona) was a Spanish politician, jurist and one of the co-authors and "Fathers" of the Spanish Constitution of 1978 following Spain's move to democracy.
The stadium is currently under renovation after Cagliari relocated out of their former home venue, Stadio Sant'Elia, in order to make it comply with Serie A league standards in time for the new season.
Arsenal's parent company, Arsenal Holdings plc, operates as a non-quoted public limited company, whose ownership is considerably different from that of other football clubs. Only 62,217 shares in Arsenal have been issued, and they are not traded on a public exchange such as the FTSE or AIM; instead, they are traded relatively infrequently on the ICAP Securities and Derivatives Exchange, a specialist market. On 10 March 2016, a single share in Arsenal had a mid price of £15,670, which sets the club's market capitalisation value at approximately £975m. Most football clubs aren't listed on an exchange, which makes direct comparisons of their values difficult. Business magazine Forbes valued Arsenal as a whole at $1.3 billion in 2015. Consultants Brand Finance valued the club's brand and intangible assets at $703m in 2015, and consider Arsenal an AAA global brand. Research by the Henley Business School modelled the club's value at £1.118 billion in 2015, the second highest in the Premier League.
The battle was fought on Saturday, 22 December 624 (7 Shawwal AH 3 in the Islamic calendar) at the valley located in front of Mount Uhud. It occurred between a force from the Muslim community of Medina led by the Islamic prophet Muhammad, and a force led by Abu Sufyan ibn Harb from Mecca, the town from which many of the Muslims had previously emigrated. The Battle of Uhud was the second military encounter between the Meccans and the Muslims, preceded by the Battle of Badr in 624, where a small Muslim army had defeated a larger Meccan army.
Papa Roach is an American rock band from Vacaville, California, formed in 1993. The original lineup consisted of lead vocalist Jacoby Shaddix, guitarist Jerry Horton, drummer Dave Buckner, bassist Will James, and trombonist Ben Luther.
Rocky Trottier (born April 11, 1964 in Climax, Saskatchewan and raised in Val Marie, Saskatchewan) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 38 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) over two seasons with the New Jersey Devils.
Albert Lawrence Brooks (born Albert Lawrence Einstein; July 22, 1947) is an American actor, filmmaker, author, and comedian. He received an Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actor for 1987's Broadcast News and was widely praised for his performance in the 2011 film Drive. His voice acting credits include Marlin in Finding Nemo (2003) and Finding Dory (2016), and recurring guest voices for The Simpsons, including Russ Cargill in The Simpsons Movie (2007). He has directed, written, and starred in several comedy films, such as Modern Romance (1981), Lost in America (1985), and Defending Your Life (1991). He is also the author of 2030: The Real Story of What Happens to America (2011).
Roshni Nadar grew up in Delhi, studied in Vasant Valley School and graduated from Northwestern University majoring in Communication with a focus on Radio/TV/Film. She also graduated with a Masters in Business Administration having a focus on Social Enterprise Management and Strategy from the Kellogg School of Management. She worked in various companies as a producer before joining HCL. Within a year of her joining HCL, she was elevated as executive director and CEO of HCL Corporation.
Asian Man Records is a DIY record label run by Mike Park in Monte Sereno, California. Park started a record label and began releasing music in 1989 under the name Dill Records, with the Asian Man label established May 1996.
The history of taxation in the United States begins with the colonial protest against British taxation policy in the 1760s, leading to the American Revolution. The independent nation collected taxes on imports (``tariffs ''), whiskey, and (for a while) on glass windows. States and localities collected poll taxes on voters and property taxes on land and commercial buildings. There are state and federal excise taxes. State and federal inheritance taxes began after 1900, while the states (but not the federal government) began collecting sales taxes in the 1930s. The United States imposed income taxes briefly during the Civil War and the 1890s. In 1913, the 16th Amendment was ratified, permanently legalizing an income tax.
HX 72 was a North Atlantic convoy of the HX series which ran during the battle of the Atlantic in World War II. The convoy comprised 43 ships of which 11 were sunk and another damaged by German U-boats who suffered no losses.
The plague theory was first significantly challenged by the work of British bacteriologist J. F. D. Shrewsbury in 1970, who noted that the reported rates of mortality in rural areas during the 14th-century pandemic were inconsistent with the modern bubonic plague, leading him to conclude that contemporary accounts were exaggerations. In 1984 zoologist Graham Twigg produced the first major work to challenge the bubonic plague theory directly, and his doubts about the identity of the Black Death have been taken up by a number of authors, including Samuel K. Cohn, Jr. (2002), David Herlihy (1997), and Susan Scott and Christopher Duncan (2001).
The Battle of Sablat or Záblatí occurred on 10 June 1619, during the Bohemian period of the Thirty Years' War. The battle was fought between a Roman Catholic Imperial army led by Charles Bonaventure de Longueval, Count of Bucquoy and the Protestant army of Ernst von Mansfeld.
UConn owns the two longest winning streaks, any gender, in college basketball history. The longest streak, 111 straight wins, started with a win against Creighton on November 23, 2014, and ended on March 31, 2017 when a buzzer - beater at the end of the overtime caused a loss in the 2017 NCAA Final Four by Mississippi State. The second streak counts 90 consecutive wins, including two undefeated seasons (2008 -- 09 and 2009 -- 10), and was delimited by two losses against Stanford, the first on April 6, 2008 in the National Semifinals of the NCAA Tournament, and the second -- three seasons later -- on December 19, 2010.
The Urdu lyrics, written by the Pakistani Urdu - language poet, Hafeez Jullundhri in 1952, have commonality with Persian, making them understandable in both languages. No verse in the three stanza lyrics is repeated. The anthem has heavy Persian poetic vocabulary and only uses one exclusively Urdu word 'kā'.
King is a 1978 American television miniseries based on the life of Martin Luther King Jr., the American civil rights leader and 1964 Nobel laureate. It aired for three consecutive nights on NBC from February 12 through 14, 1978. The miniseries earned nine Emmy Award nominations, including nominations for actors Paul Winfield, Cicely Tyson and Ossie Davis. Several real-life figures from the Civil Rights Movement had minor roles in the production, including then-Atlanta mayor Maynard Jackson, King's sister Christine King Farris, his niece Alveda King, and his four children: Yolanda, Martin III, Dexter and Bernice. Donzaleigh Abernathy, Tony Bennett, Julian Bond and Ramsey Clark each portrayed themselves.
Santa Monica was long inhabited by the Tongva people. Santa Monica was called Kecheek in the Tongva language. The first non-indigenous group to set foot in the area was the party of explorer Gaspar de Portolà, who camped near the present day intersection of Barrington and Ohio Avenues on August 3, 1769. There are two different versions of the naming of the city. One says that it was named in honor of the feast day of Saint Monica (mother of Saint Augustine), but her feast day is actually May 4. Another version says that it was named by Juan Crespí on account of a pair of springs, the Kuruvungna Springs (Serra Springs), that were reminiscent of the tears that Saint Monica shed over her son's early impiety.
Guangling District () is one of three districts of Yangzhou, Jiangsu province, China. The district includes the eastern half of Yangzhou's main urban area (including Yangzhou's historic center within the former city wall), and the city's eastern suburbs. The other half of the city's main urban area is in Hanjiang District.
Mark Z. Jacobson, professor of civil and environmental engineering at Stanford University and director of its Atmosphere and Energy Program says producing all new energy with wind power, solar power, and hydropower by 2030 is feasible and existing energy supply arrangements could be replaced by 2050. Barriers to implementing the renewable energy plan are seen to be "primarily social and political, not technological or economic". Jacobson says that energy costs with a wind, solar, water system should be similar to today's energy costs.
The third largest city in Spain and the 24th most populous municipality in the European Union, Valencia has a population of 809,267 within its administrative limits on a land area of 134.6 km2 (52 sq mi). The urban area of Valencia extending beyond the administrative city limits has a population of between 1,561,000 and 1,564,145. 1,705,742 or 2,300,000 or 2,516,818 people live in the Valencia metropolitan area. Between 2007 and 2008 there was a 14% increase in the foreign born population with the largest numeric increases by country being from Bolivia, Romania and Italy.
Bob and Mike Bryan, the two-time defending champions in this event, successfully defended their title. They defeated Mahesh Bhupathi and Leander Paes 6–3, 6–4 in the final.
Edward Proger (16 June 1621 or 1618 – 31 December 1713) was a Member of Parliament for Brecknockshire/Breconshire, Page of Honour to King Charles I, Groom of the Bedchamber for King Charles II and Lord of the Manor of West Stow. He was Keeper of the Middle Park and Harewarren for 48 years.
Sixteen people have been sworn into office as president. Following the ratification of the Malolos Constitution in 1899, Emilio Aguinaldo became the inaugural president of the Malolos Republic, considered the First Philippine Republic. He held that office until 1901 when he was captured by United States forces during the Philippine -- American War (1899 -- 1902). The American colonization of the Philippines abolished the First Republic, which led an American governor - general to exercise executive power.
On January 30, 2018, it was announced that a third season would be premiering in spring of 2018. On April 5, 2018, the premiere date for the third season was announced, airing on May 20, 2018.
Ski Sunday is the BBC Sports weekly magazine-style television show covering winter sports, broadcast in the United Kingdom on Sundays in a late afternoon or an early evening time-slot. It began in 1978, and is currently presented by Graham Bell and Ed Leigh.
"Made to Worship" is a song written by Chris Tomlin, Ed Cash and Stephan Sharp. It was featured on Tomlin's album "See the Morning". The song reached No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot Christian Songs chart. It also stayed at No. 1 on Christian Music Weekly's "20 The Countdown Magazine" for sixteen consecutive weeks, and reached its top 20 worship songs of today chart at No. 20. The song was nominated for both Song of the Year and Worship Song of the Year at the 2007 GMA Dove Awards, losing in both categories, with another Tomlin song, "Holy Is the Lord", winning Worship Song of the Year. This song is on the Digital Praise PC game Guitar Praise. In this song will also the compilation album "WOW Hits 2008".
Martin Winckler (born Marc Zaffran; 22 February 1955, in French Algeria) is a French M.D. and short story, novel and essay writer. His main subjects are the French medical system, the healing relationship and contraception; he also wrote critical papers and books about TV serials (he is one of the first specialists of this subject in France).
Although several Indian tribes occupied territory in the area, the preeminent nation was the Comanche, known as the ``Lords of the Plains. ''Their territory, the Comancheria, was the most powerful entity and persistently hostile to the Spanish, the Mexicans, and finally, the Texans. This article covers the conflicts from 1820, just before Mexico gained independence from Spain, until 1875, when the last free band of Plains Indians, the Comanches led by Quahadi warrior Quanah Parker, surrendered and moved to the Fort Sill reservation in Oklahoma.
God's Law and Man's is a lost 1917 silent film drama direct by John H. Collins and distributed by Metro Pictures. It starred Collins's wife Viola Dana. The story comes from a novel by Paul Trent, "A Wife by Purchase".
It is possible that around 62 million people died in the war; estimates vary greatly. About 60% of all casualties were civilians, who died as a result of disease, starvation, genocide (in particular, the Holocaust), and aerial bombing. The former Soviet Union and China suffered the most casualties. Estimates place deaths in the Soviet Union at around 23 million, while China suffered about 10 million. No country lost a greater portion of its population than Poland: approximately 5.6 million, or 16%, of its pre-war population of 34.8 million died.
Time Remembered: John McLaughlin Plays Bill Evans is an album by the John McLaughlin Trio. It was recorded in March 1993 and released on the Verve label in 1993. The album reached number 10 in the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
Saint Barthélemy was for many years a French commune forming part of Guadeloupe, which is an overseas region and department of France. Through a referendum in 2003, island residents sought separation from the administrative jurisdiction of Guadeloupe, and it was finally accomplished in 2007. The island of Saint Barthélemy became an Overseas Collectivity (COM). A governing territorial council was elected for its administration, which has provided the island with a certain degree of autonomy. The Hotel de Ville, which was the town hall, is now the Hotel de la Collectivité. A senator represents the island in Paris. St. Barthélemy has retained its free port status.
The Alma-Ata Protocol also addressed other issues, including UN membership. Notably, Russia was authorized to assume the Soviet Union's UN membership, including its permanent seat on the Security Council. The Soviet Ambassador to the UN delivered a letter signed by Russian President Yeltsin to the UN Secretary-General dated December 24, 1991, informing him that by virtue of the Alma-Ata Protocol, Russia was the successor state to the USSR. After being circulated among the other UN member states, with no objection raised, the statement was declared accepted on the last day of the year, December 31, 1991.
The Warren Covered Bridge is a wooden covered bridge that crosses the Mad River in Warren, Vermont on Covered Bridge Road. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
Born in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Chan is of Chinese descent and moved to Perth, Australia with his family when he was only 5 years old. He entered medical school at the University of Western Australia, but Chan continued to pursue the creative arts, studying ballet, contemporary dance, and jazz dance at the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts. After graduating, he obtained his Fellowship in General Practice and worked as a General Practitioner for a few years before gaining a place in the renowned National Institute of Dramatic Art (NIDA) in Sydney (other graduates include: Mel Gibson, Cate Blanchett, Judy Davis, Baz Luhrmann and Hugo Weaving) where he obtained a Bachelor of Dramatic Arts in Acting. He is the co-founder of the Production Company "BananaMana Films" along with Christian Lee. Chan currently resides in Singapore.
One day, Charlie sees a fifty - pence coin (dollar bill in the US version) buried in the snow. He then buys himself a Wonka Bar and finds the fifth golden ticket and shows it to his parents. The ticket says he can bring any family members with him to the factory and Charlie's parents decide to allow Grandpa Joe to go with him.
The Mariana Trench or Marianas Trench is the deepest part of the world's oceans. It is located in the western Pacific Ocean, an average of 200 kilometres (124 mi) to the east of the Mariana Islands, in the Western Pacific east of Philippines. It is a crescent - shaped scar in the Earth's crust, and measures about 2,550 km (1,580 mi) long and 69 km (43 mi) wide on average. It reaches a maximum - known depth of 10,994 metres (36,070 ft) (± 40 metres (130 ft)) at a small slot - shaped valley in its floor known as the Challenger Deep, at its southern end, although some unrepeated measurements place the deepest portion at 11,034 metres (36,201 ft). For comparison: if Mount Everest were dropped into the trench at this point, its peak would still be over 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) underwater. In 2009, the Marianas Trench was established as a United States National Monument.
Shake Some Action is the fourth studio album by American rock band the Flamin' Groovies. The album was released in June 1976 by Sire Records. The title "Shake Some Action" originates from a line in the 1965 film "None but the Brave".
Peter Gardner Ostrum (/ ˈoʊstrəm /; born November 1957) is an American veterinarian and former child actor whose only film role was as Charlie Bucket in the 1971 motion picture Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.
HMS "Seal" was a B-class torpedo boat destroyer of the British Royal Navy. She was completed by Laird, Son & Company, Birkenhead, in 1897.
The Venetian Islands are a chain of artificial islands in Biscayne Bay in the cities of Miami and Miami Beach, Florida. The islands are, from west to east: Biscayne Island (Miami), San Marco Island (Miami), San Marino Island (Miami Beach), Di Lido Island (Miami Beach), Rivo Alto Island (Miami Beach), and Belle Isle (Miami Beach). Flagler Monument Island remains an uninhabited picnic island, originally built in 1920 as a memorial to railroad pioneer Henry Flagler. The islands are connected by bridges from the Miami mainland to Miami Beach.
In 1976, the Shinn Bridge was listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It qualified for inclusion on the Register because of its important historic architecture and its place in the history of Ohio, for it is one of the last few examples of Burr king post arch truss bridges still standing in the state.
Notogawa Station (Location: N35.179899,E136.165913) is the only Japan Railway station in Higashiomi. The station is a rapid stop on the JR Biwako Line, located between stations in Omi-Hachiman to the east and Hikone to the west. The town shares a small border with Lake Biwa to the northwest.
The first known landing in Australia by Europeans was by Dutch navigator Willem Janszoon in 1606. Twenty - nine other Dutch navigators explored the western and southern coasts in the 17th century, and dubbed the continent New Holland. Macassan trepangers visited Australia's northern coasts after 1720, possibly earlier. Other European explorers followed until, in 1770, Lieutenant James Cook charted the east coast of Australia for Great Britain and returned with accounts favouring colonisation at Botany Bay (now in Sydney), New South Wales.
In 1766, Frances married John Crewe, who became Lord Crewe. She was accustomed to entertain, at Crewe Hall, her husband's seat in Cheshire, and at her villa at Hampstead, some of the most distinguished of her contemporaries. Fox, who much admired her, Burke, Sheridan, Sir Joshua Reynolds, and Canning were frequent visitors. She was also on friendly terms with Charles Burney and Sarah Burney and Hester Thrale.
Eden Lake Township is a township in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,542 at the 2010 census.
This is a list of destroyer classes of the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom, organised chronologically by entry into service.
R. Banumathi (born 20 July 1955) is a judge of the Supreme Court of India. She is from Tamil Nadu and the sixth woman to be a Judge of the Indian Supreme Court. Earlier, she had served as the Chief Justice of Jharkhand High Court and judge at Madras High Court.
Pigüeña is one of fifteen parishes (administrative divisions) in Somiedo, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Helen Douglass French (1900–1994) was an American architect. She worked together and independently with her husband, landscape architect Prentiss French. Helen French was born Helen Douglass in Arlington, Massachusetts in 1900. She earned her graduate degree in architecture at the Cambridge School of Architecture and Landscape Architecture, Massachusetts in 1921. After school, she worked at various firms in Boston and eventually traveled to Europe, where she studied at the Ecole des Beaux Arts, returning to the United States in 1927. That year, she married Prentiss French and the couple operated a private practice in Boston and Stockbridge, Massachusetts until 1932 when they relocated to Sarasota, Florida. They worked with architect Clarence Martin for ten years while in Sarasota. The couple then moved to San Francisco when Prentiss was employed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers during World War II. There, French received her California certification in 1946. The couple worked in the same office in San Francisco until the 1960s, working together and independently on projects throughout Northern California.
Mary Poppins Returns is an upcoming American musical fantasy film directed by Rob Marshall, with a screenplay by David Magee and from a story by Magee, Marshall, and John DeLuca. A sequel to the 1964 film Mary Poppins, the film stars Emily Blunt as Mary Poppins with Lin - Manuel Miranda, Ben Whishaw, Emily Mortimer, Pixie Davies, Joel Dawson, Nathanael Saleh, Julie Walters, Colin Firth, and Meryl Streep in supporting roles. Set in 1930s London, 25 years after the events of the 1964 film, it sees Mary Poppins, the former nanny of Jane and Michael Banks, re-visiting them after a family tragedy. Dick Van Dyke is the only original actor to return in the sequel.
USS "Rhodes" (DE-384) was an "Edsall"-class destroyer escort built for the United States Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys. Post-war she served the Navy as a radar picket ship.
Miramar is a city near the southeastern tip of the state of Tamaulipas in Mexico. It is the largest city in the municipality of Altamira and third largest of the Tampico Metropolitan Area. The city had a 2010 census population of 118,614, the seventh-largest community in the state, having passed Río Bravo since the previous census.
The X Window System (X11, or simply X) is a windowing system for bitmap displays, common on Unix-like operating systems.
However, since the end of the Cold War, as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) has moved much of its defence focus "out of area", the Canadian military has also become more deeply engaged in international security operations in various other parts of the world – most notably in Afghanistan since 2002.
Panieli Poru is a tourist spot in the Ernakulam region of Kerala, India caused by a natural bottleneck in the flow of the Periyar River due to rock formations.
``In My Life ''is a song by the Beatles released on the 1965 album Rubber Soul, and credited to Lennon -- McCartney. The song originated with John Lennon, but Paul McCartney and Lennon later disagreed over the extent of their respective contribution to that song, specifically the melody. George Martin contributed the piano solo bridge. It is ranked 23rd on Rolling Stone's`` The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time'' as well as fifth on their list of the Beatles' 100 Greatest Songs. The song placed second on CBC's 50 Tracks. Mojo magazine named it the best song of all time in 2000.
"Talk to Me" is a song by American hard rock band Kiss, released in 1980 on their eighth studio album "Unmasked". The song, never released as a single in the US, was released as a single worldwide on November 1, 1980. The song broke the top 40 in several countries, reaching the highest position in Switzerland, at #10. "Talk to Me" was played only when Ace Frehley was a member of the band.
The Archivio di Nuova Scrittura ("Archive of New Writing", "ANS") is a cultural association founded in 1988 in Milan, Italy by art collector Paolo Della Grazia. The archive preserves a large artistic and documentary heritage about any form of artistic expression featuring the use of both the word and the sign. Born from the encounter between Della Grazia and artist Ugo Carrega, in the 1990s the ANS became the main Italian research center on visual poetry, organizing exhibitions, meetings and other cultural events. In 1998 the Archivio di Nuova Scrittura was deposited in part at the Mart in Rovereto (library, archives and some artworks) and in part at the Museion in Bozen (artworks only). The artwork section of the ANS includes about 1,600 works by international artists at Mart and about 2,000 at Museion. The ANS archives preserve, apart from the internal archive of the association (ANS fonds), the Fraccaro-Carrega fonds, containing the papers of collector Marco Fraccaro and visual poet Ugo Carrega. The library section, preserved at Mart, contains more than 10,000 volumes, among them 600 artist's books and hundreds of futurist first editions, and 500 art magazines including about 100 international artist's magazines.
The Battle of Gadebusch or Wakenstädt (20 December 1712) was Sweden's final great victory in the Great Northern War. It was fought by the Swedes to prevent the loss of the city of Stralsund to Danish and Saxon forces.
The North Sea is bounded by the Orkney Islands and east coast of Great Britain to the west and the northern and central European mainland to the east and south, including Norway, Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, and France. In the southwest, beyond the Straits of Dover, the North Sea becomes the English Channel connecting to the Atlantic Ocean. In the east, it connects to the Baltic Sea via the Skagerrak and Kattegat, narrow straits that separate Denmark from Norway and Sweden respectively. In the north it is bordered by the Shetland Islands, and connects with the Norwegian Sea, which lies in the very north - eastern part of the Atlantic.
A facelift was designed through late 2010 and patented on 7 January 2011 under design registration number 001845801 - 0004. The facelift was unveiled at the March 2012 Geneva Motor Show with new wheels, interior colors, new head and tail lamps and new grilles. New LED running lights were introduced as well. The F Sport was introduced, with a honeycomb grille, 8 - speed automatic transmission, and a unique sporty interior. In the US, the new model uses the Lexus Enform telematics system, which includes the Safety Connect SOS system and Shazam tagging. Sales began worldwide in April 2012 for the RX 350 and RX 450h, with sales for the F - Sport variants starting in July of the same year.
Occupation Sports agent (for Fortitude) Former: Basketball coach (Tree Hill Ravens) Basketball player in the NBA (Point guard for the Charlotte Bobcats)
Alyvia Alyn Lind is an American child actress. She is best known for roles of Faith Newman on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless since 2011, and young 9 - year - old Dolly Parton in the made - for - television movies Dolly Parton's Coat of Many Colors and Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love.
Places I Never Meant to Be is a book edited by Judy Blume and first published in 1999. The book is a collection of short stories written by authors who have been censored or banned in some form in the United States. Sales went to benefit the National Coalition Against Censorship.
During the late 18th an early 19th centuries when the UK and parts of Western Europe began to industrialise, the US was primarily an agricultural and natural resource producing and processing economy. The building of roads and canals, the introduction of steamboats and the building of railroads were important for handling agricultural and natural resource products in the large and sparsely populated country of the period.
Tora Suber (born November 23, 1974) is a former professional basketball player who played for the Charlotte Sting and Orlando Miracle in the WNBA. She played a total of 83 games.
Initially, officials were unable to contact the Wolong National Nature Reserve, home to around 280 giant pandas. However, the Foreign Ministry later said that a group of 31 British tourists visiting the Wolong Panda Reserve in the quake-hit area returned safe and uninjured to Chengdu. Nonetheless, the well-being of an even greater number of pandas in the neighbouring panda reserves remained unknown. Five security guards at the reserve were killed by the earthquake. Six pandas escaped after their enclosures were damaged. By May 20, two pandas at the reserve were found to be injured, while the search continued for another two adult pandas that went missing after the quake. By May 28, 2008, one panda was still missing. The missing panda was later found dead under the rubble of an enclosure. Nine-year-old Mao Mao, a mother of five at the breeding center, was discovered on Monday, her body crushed by a wall in her enclosure. Panda keepers and other workers placed her remains in a small wooden crate and buried her outside the breeding centre.
Anniyan () is a 2005 Indian Tamil-language psychological thriller film written and directed by S. Shankar and produced by V. Ravichandran of Aascar Films. The plot centres on a disillusioned everyman whose frustration at what he sees as increasing social apathy and public negligence leads to a split personality that attempts to right the system. Vikram stars as Ambi, an idealistic, law-abiding lawyer who has multiple personality disorder and develops two other identities: a metrosexual fashion model named Remo, and a murderous vigilante named Anniyan. Sadha plays his love interest, Nandini. Actors Vivek, Prakash Raj, Nedumudi Venu and Nassar also feature in the film.
Roethlisberger earned the AP NFL Offensive Rookie of the Year Award in 2004 and his first Pro Bowl selection in 2007. He became the youngest Super Bowl - winning quarterback in NFL history, leading the Steelers, in only his second professional season, to a 21 -- 10 victory over the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XL at the age of 23. Roethlisberger led the Steelers to a second Super Bowl title in four seasons as they defeated the Arizona Cardinals in Super Bowl XLIII, 27 -- 23, after completing a game - winning touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes with 35 seconds left in the game. He appeared in his third Super Bowl in Super Bowl XLV, but the team would fall by a score of 31 - 25 to the Green Bay Packers.
The Cooper Glacier () is a tributary glacier, long, flowing northeast between Butchers Spur and the Quarles Range to enter the south side of Axel Heiberg Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains. It was discovered by R. Admiral Byrd on several plane flights to the Queen Maud Mountains in November 1929, and named by him for Kent Cooper, an official of the Associated Press.
A regulation for declaring the practice of sati, or of burning or burying alive the widows of Hindus, illegal, and punishable by the criminal courts, passed by the governor - general in council on 4 December 1829, corresponding with the 20th Aughun 1236 Bengal era; the 23rd Aughun 1237 Fasli; the 21st Aughun 1237 Vilayati; the 8th Aughun 1886 Samavat; and the 6th Jamadi - us - Sani 1245 Hegira.
In the late 19th century, the European imperial powers engaged in a major territorial scramble and occupied most of the continent, creating many colonial territories, and leaving only two fully independent states: Ethiopia (known to Europeans as ``Abyssinia ''), and Liberia. Egypt and Sudan were never formally incorporated into any European colonial empire; however, after the British occupation of 1882, Egypt was effectively under British administration until 1922.
In Serbia, the Serbian language is the official one, while both Serbian and Croatian are official in the province of Vojvodina. A large Bosniak minority is present in the southwest region of Sandžak, but the "official recognition" of Bosnian language is moot. Bosnian is an optional course in 1st and 2nd grade of the elementary school, while it is also in official use in the municipality of Novi Pazar. However, its nomenclature is controversial, as there is incentive that it is referred to as "Bosniak" (bošnjački) rather than "Bosnian" (bosanski) (see Bosnian language for details).
During the period of North–South division, Nanjing remained the capital of the Southern dynasties for more than two and a half centuries. During this time, Nanjing was the international hub of East Asia. Based on historical documents, the city had 280,000 registered households. Assuming an average Nanjing household had about 5.1 people at that time, the city had more than 1.4 million residents.
"I'm Not Built That Way" is a song written by Don Pfrimmer and George Teren, and recorded by American country music artist Billy Dean. It was released in August 1993 as the third single from the album "Fire in the Dark". The song reached #34 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
The Melbourne rail network has its origins in privately built lines from the 1850s gold rush era, and today the suburban network consists of 209 suburban stations on 16 lines which radiate from the City Loop, a partially underground metro section of the network beneath the Central Business District (Hoddle Grid). Flinders Street Station is Melbourne's busiest railway station, and was the world's busiest passenger station in 1926. It remains a prominent Melbourne landmark and meeting place. The city has rail connections with regional Victorian cities, as well as direct interstate rail services to Sydney and Adelaide and beyond which depart from Melbourne's other major rail terminus, Southern Cross Station in Spencer Street. In the 2013–2014 financial year, the Melbourne rail network recorded 232.0 million passenger trips, the highest in its history. Many rail lines, along with dedicated lines and rail yards are also used for freight. The Overland to Adelaide departs Southern Cross twice a week, while the XPT to Sydney departs twice a day.
In South Africa, charities issue a tax certificate when requested by donors which can be used as a tax deduction by the donor. Non Profit Organisations are registered under Companies and Intellectual Property Commission as Nonprofit Companies (NPCs) but may voluntarily register with The Nonprofit Companies Directorate. Trusts are registered by the Master of the High Court. Section 21 Companies are registered under the Company's Act. All are classified as Voluntary Organisations and all must be registered with the South Africa Revenue Services "SARS".[citation needed]
Picross 3D, known in Japan as , is a puzzle video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. It was released in Japan in March 2009, in Europe in March 2010, and in North America in May 2010. It uses similar nonogram mechanics to "Picross DS", but it puts it in 3D. Outside Japan, the game is part of Nintendo's Touch! Generations brand. A sequel, "", was released for the Nintendo 3DS in Japan in October 2015, in North America in September 2016, and in Europe and Australia in December 2016.
Super Mario Bros. 3 is a platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES). It was first released in Japan on October 23, 1988, and later in North America on February 12, 1990. The game was developed by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis and Development, led by Shigeru Miyamoto and Takashi Tezuka. Enhanced remakes were later released on the Super NES in 1993 and the Game Boy Advance in 2003. The game has been re-released as a Virtual Console title for the Wii, Nintendo 3DS, and Wii U consoles.
With the advent of mass-produced binary components for computers, ternary computers have diminished in significance. However, Donald Knuth argues that they will be brought back into development in the future to take advantage of ternary logic's elegance and efficiency. One possible way this could happen is by combining an optical computer with the ternary logic system. A ternary computer using fiber optics could use dark as 0 and two orthogonal polarizations of light as 1 and −1. IBM also reports infrequently on ternary computing topics (in its papers), but it is not actively engaged in it.The Josephson junction has been proposed as a balanced ternary memory cell, using circulating superconducting currents, either clockwise, counterclockwise, or off.  "The advantages of the proposed memory circuit are capability of high speed computation, low power consumption and very simple construction with fewer elements due to the ternary operation."In 2009, a quantum computer was proposed which uses a quantum ternary state, a qutrit, rather than the typical qubit. When the number of basic states of quantum element is d, it is called qudit.
Eleanore Cammack ``Cammie ''King (August 5, 1934 -- September 1, 2010) was an American child actress. She is best known for her portrayal of`` Bonnie Blue Butler'' in Gone with the Wind (1939). She also provided the voice for the doe ``Faline ''as a fawn in the animated Disney film, Bambi (1942).
The provinces of Sierra Leone are divided into 14 districts. The Western Area is divided into two districts. Sierra Leone's capital Freetown is located in the Western Area of the country and its makes up the Western Area Urban District. One traditional leader from each district occupies a seat in Sierra Leone's parliament. Each one of Sierra Leone's fourteen administrative districts (with the exception of the Western Area Urban District) is governed by a directly elected district council headed by a council chairman. The national capital Freetown, which makes up the Western Area Urban District, is governed by a directly elected city council headed by a mayor.
Sleep-and-charge USB ports can be used to charge electronic devices even when the computer is switched off. Normally, when a computer is powered off the USB ports are powered down, preventing phones and other devices from charging. Sleep-and-charge USB ports remain powered even when the computer is off. On laptops, charging devices from the USB port when it is not being powered from AC drains the laptop battery faster; most laptops have a facility to stop charging if their own battery charge level gets too low.
Amy Mitchell (Mila Kunis) is a married woman in the Chicago suburbs with two children, Jane (Oona Laurence) and Dylan (Emjay Anthony), who feels overworked and overcommitted. She works as a sales rep for a ``hip ''coffee company, prepares healthful, hand - packed lunches for her children, does most of their homework, goes to all of their extracurricular activities, and is active in her school's PTA, run by the domineering Gwendolyn James (Christina Applegate) and her cronies, Stacy (Jada Pinkett Smith) and Vicky (Annie Mumolo). When she catches her husband Mike (David Walton) cheating on her with a camgirl, Amy kicks him out and attempts to keep everything together.
Chana Schneerson (1880-1964) was the wife of Rabbi Levi Yitzchak Schneerson, a Chabad Hasidic rabbi in Yekatrinoslav, Ukraine and the mother of the seventh Chabad-Lubavitch Rebbe, Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson.
Jimma Arjo is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia. It shares the name of one of the subgroups of the Oromo people, the Jimma Arjo. Part of the Misraq Welega Zone, Jimma Arjo is bordered on the southwest by the Didessa River which separates it from the Illubabor Zone, on the northwest by Diga Leka, on the northeast by Guto Wayu, and on the southeast by Nunu Kumba. The administrative center of this woreda is Arjo.
Originally designed to protect Norman dominance around the outskirts of London and oversee a strategically important part of the River Thames, Windsor Castle was built as a motte-and-bailey, with three wards surrounding a central mound. Gradually replaced with stone fortifications, the castle withstood a prolonged siege during the First Barons' War at the start of the 13th century. Henry III built a luxurious royal palace within the castle during the middle of the century, and Edward III went further, rebuilding the palace to make an even grander set of buildings in what would become "the most expensive secular building project of the entire Middle Ages in England". Edward's core design lasted through the Tudor period, during which Henry VIII and Elizabeth I made increasing use of the castle as a royal court and centre for diplomatic entertainment.
A 2001 study by Nebel et al. showed that both Ashkenazi and Sephardic Jewish populations share the same overall paternal Near Eastern ancestries. In comparison with data available from other relevant populations in the region, Jews were found to be more closely related to groups in the north of the Fertile Crescent. The authors also report on Eu 19 (R1a) chromosomes, which are very frequent in Central and Eastern Europeans (54%–60%) at elevated frequency (12.7%) in Ashkenazi Jews. They hypothesized that the differences among Ashkenazim Jews could reflect low-level gene flow from surrounding European populations and/or genetic drift during isolation. A later 2005 study by Nebel et al., found a similar level of 11.5% of male Ashkenazim belonging to R1a1a (M17+), the dominant Y-chromosome haplogroup in Central and Eastern Europeans.
Campus Martius, a reconfiguration of downtown's main intersection as a new park was opened in 2004. The park has been cited as one of the best public spaces in the United States. The city's riverfront has been the focus of redevelopment, following successful examples of other older industrial cities. In 2001, the first portion of the International Riverfront was completed as a part of the city's 300th anniversary celebration, with miles of parks and associated landscaping completed in succeeding years. In 2011, the Port Authority Passenger Terminal opened with the river walk connecting Hart Plaza to the Renaissance Center.
Dame Enid Diana Elizabeth Rigg, DBE (born 20 July 1938) is an English actress. She is known for playing Emma Peel in the 1960s TV series The Avengers (1965 -- 68), and Olenna Tyrell in Game of Thrones (2013 -- 17). She has also had an extensive career in theatre, including playing the title role in Medea, both in London and New York, for which she won the 1994 Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play. She was made a CBE in 1988 and a Dame in 1994 for services to drama.
The 2008 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships were held in the Thialf arena in Heerenveen, Netherlands, on 19 and 20 January 2008. They were the 37th World Championships.
The Colgate Comedy Hour was an American comedy-musical variety series that aired live on the NBC network from 1950 to 1955. The show featured many notable comedians and entertainers of the era as guest stars.
The Book Thief Theatrical release poster Directed by Brian Percival Produced by Karen Rosenfelt Ken Blancato Screenplay by Michael Petroni Trudy White (novel) Based on The Book Thief by Markus Zusak Starring Geoffrey Rush Emily Watson Sophie Nélisse Narrated by Roger Allam Music by John Williams Cinematography Florian Ballhaus Edited by John Wilson Production company Fox 2000 Pictures Sunswept Entertainment Studio Babelsberg TSG Entertainment Distributed by 20th Century Fox Release date October 3, 2013 (2013 - 10 - 03) (Mill Valley Film Festival) November 27, 2013 (2013 - 11 - 27) (United States) Running time 130 minutes Country United States Germany Language English German Budget $19 million Box office $76.6 million
Liam Thomas Garrigan (born 17 October 1981) is an English theatre and television actor. As a youth he attended classes at Kingston upon Hull's Northern Stage Company and was a student at Wyke College, Kingston upon Hull. His first television role was as Nic Yorke in the BBC continuing drama series Holby City. He is best known for his roles as Ian Al - Harazi on the Fox series 24: Live Another Day and King Arthur in the ABC series Once Upon a Time and Transformers: The Last Knight.
Alivenci, plural form of alivancă, is a traditional custard tart, from the cuisine of Moldova made with cornmeal, cream cheese like urdă or telemea and smântână.
Valencia has experienced a surge in its cultural development during the last thirty years, exemplified by exhibitions and performances at such iconic institutions as the Palau de la Música, the Palacio de Congresos, the Metro, the City of Arts and Sciences (Ciutat de les Arts i les Ciències), the Valencian Museum of Enlightenment and Modernity (Museo Valenciano de la Ilustracion y la Modernidad), and the Institute of Modern Art (Instituto Valenciano de Arte Moderno). The various productions of Santiago Calatrava, a renowned structural engineer, architect, and sculptor and of the architect Félix Candela have contributed to Valencia's international reputation. These public works and the ongoing rehabilitation of the Old City (Ciutat Vella) have helped improve the city's livability and tourism is continually increasing.
Free Software Foundation founder Richard Stallman argues that, although the term intellectual property is in wide use, it should be rejected altogether, because it "systematically distorts and confuses these issues, and its use was and is promoted by those who gain from this confusion". He claims that the term "operates as a catch-all to lump together disparate laws [which] originated separately, evolved differently, cover different activities, have different rules, and raise different public policy issues" and that it creates a "bias" by confusing these monopolies with ownership of limited physical things, likening them to "property rights". Stallman advocates referring to copyrights, patents and trademarks in the singular and warns against abstracting disparate laws into a collective term.
Conrad Wayne Ricamora (born February 17, 1979) is an American actor and singer, best known for his portrayal of Oliver Hampton on ABC's legal drama series How to Get Away with Murder.
Born in Camden, New Jersey, Kugler received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Syracuse University in 1975 and a Juris Doctor from Rutgers School of Law–Camden in Camden in 1978. He was a law clerk for Judge John F. Gerry of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey from 1978 to 1979. He was an Assistant Prosecutor, Camden County Prosecutor's Office, New Jersey from 1979 to 1981. He was a Deputy attorney general of Division of Criminal Justice, New Jersey Department of Law and Public Safety from 1981 to 1982. He was in private practice in New Jersey from 1982 to 1992.
Jazziza is the fifth album by the Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh, released in 1997. The title of the album comes from the nickname her father, Vagif Mustafa Zadeh, gave her when she was a child. The album was particularly successful in the UK, USA, France, Germany, Austria, Italy, Spain, Argentina, Japan and in Australia with sales exceeding 3,000,000 worldwide.
Baron Charles de Biencourt de Saint-Just (1591 or 1592, Champagne, France – 1623 or 1624, Port-Royal of what was then Acadia, New France) was a member of the French nobility and military officer. He is best known as the successor to his father, Jean de Biencourt de Poutrincourt et de Saint-Just as commander of the settlement at Port-Royal and the King's Governor of Acadia from his father's death in 1615 until his own death. Because of his father's frequent trips to France, he had been previously acting in that capacity.
Tang (; Chinese: 唐, mandarin Pinyin: "Táng"; Japanese: 唐/とう/から; Korean: 당/唐; Cantonese : Tong; old Chinese read Dang), is a Chinese surname. The three languages also have the surname with the same character but different pronunciation/romanization. In Korean, it is usually romanized also as Dang. In Japanese, the surname is often romanized as To. In Vietnamese, it is commonly written as Đường (the anglicized variation is Duong, not be confused with Vietnamese surname Dương which is also anglicized as Duong). It is pronounced dhɑng in Middle Chinese, and lhāŋ in Old Chinese.
The Black Death ravaged much of the Islamic world. Plague was present in at least one location in the Islamic world virtually every year between 1500 and 1850. Plague repeatedly struck the cities of North Africa. Algiers lost 30 to 50 thousand inhabitants to it in 1620–21, and again in 1654–57, 1665, 1691, and 1740–42. Plague remained a major event in Ottoman society until the second quarter of the 19th century. Between 1701 and 1750, thirty-seven larger and smaller epidemics were recorded in Constantinople, and an additional thirty-one between 1751 and 1800. Baghdad has suffered severely from visitations of the plague, and sometimes two-thirds of its population has been wiped out.
Narasingha Malla Deb (22 January 1907 – 11 November 1976) was a member of the Parliament of India and the 16th ruler of Jhargram, which he led from 1916 until his royal powers were abolished by an amendment to the Constitution of India in 1954.
NetJets Inc., a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway, is an American company that sells part ownership or shares (called fractional ownership) of private business jets. NetJets was founded in 1964 as Executive Jet Aviation. It was the first private business jet charter and aircraft management company in the world.
The War You Don't See is a 2010 British documentary film written, produced and directed by John Pilger with Alan Lowery, which challenges the media for the role they played in the Iraq, Afghanistan, and Israel/Palestine conflicts. The film, which went on nationwide general release on , had its premiere at the Barbican and was aired through Britain's ITV1 on and later through Australia's SBS One on .
Thomas Trantino (born February 11, 1938) is an American convicted murderer who was sentenced to life in prison for the execution style shooting deaths in 1963 of two police officers in Lodi, New Jersey. He was sentenced to death by electrocution, which was commuted to life in prison after the death penalty was abolished in the 1970s. This began a long battle for parole, which continued until his release from prison in 2002.
On October 11, 2017, Sophia was introduced to the United Nations with a brief conversation with the United Nations Deputy Secretary - General, Amina J. Mohammed. On October 25, at the Future Investment Summit in Riyadh, the robot was granted Saudi Arabian citizenship, becoming the first robot ever to have a nationality. This attracted controversy as some commentators wondered if this implied that Sophia could vote or marry, or whether a deliberate system shutdown could be considered murder. Social media users used Sophia's citizenship to criticize Saudi Arabia's human rights record. As explained by Ali Al - Ahmed, director of the Institute for Gulf Affairs, ``Women (in Saudi Arabia) have since committed suicide because they could n't leave the house, and Sophia is running around (without a male guardian). Saudi law does n't allow non-Muslims to get citizenship. Did Sophia convert to Islam? What is the religion of this Sophia and why is n't she wearing hijab? If she applied for citizenship as a human she would n't get it. ''In December 2017, Sophia's creator David Hanson said in an interview that Sophia will use her citizenship to advocate for women's rights in her now country of citizenship; Newsweek criticized that`` What (Hanson) means, exactly, is unclear ''..
Winters are cold and damp, and prevailing wind patterns that blow offshore minimize the moderating effects of the Atlantic Ocean; yet the Atlantic and the partial shielding from colder air by the Appalachians keep the city warmer in the winter than inland North American cities at similar or lesser latitudes such as Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and Indianapolis. The daily mean temperature in January, the area's coldest month, is 32.6 °F (0.3 °C); however, temperatures usually drop to 10 °F (−12 °C) several times per winter, and reach 50 °F (10 °C) several days each winter month. Spring and autumn are unpredictable and can range from chilly to warm, although they are usually mild with low humidity. Summers are typically warm to hot and humid, with a daily mean temperature of 76.5 °F (24.7 °C) in July and an average humidity level of 72%. Nighttime conditions are often exacerbated by the urban heat island phenomenon, while daytime temperatures exceed 90 °F (32 °C) on average of 17 days each summer and in some years exceed 100 °F (38 °C). In the warmer months, the dew point, a measure of atmospheric moisture, ranges from 57.3 °F (14.1 °C) in June to 62.0 °F (16.7 °C) in August. Extreme temperatures have ranged from −15 °F (−26 °C), recorded on February 9, 1934, up to 106 °F (41 °C) on July 9, 1936.
Glasgow is a census-designated place (CDP) in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. The population was 14,303 at the 2010 census.
DGN (design) is the name used for CAD file formats supported by Bentley Systems, MicroStation and Intergraph's Interactive Graphics Design System (IGDS) CAD programs. The DGN format is used in construction projects, including buildings, highways, bridges, process plants, shipbuilding. DGN is a competing format to Autodesk's DWG.
Camille Fronk Olson is the Chair of Brigham Young University's (BYU) Department of Ancient Scripture in its college of religion, and a scholar who has written multiple books on the role of women in the scriptures. She has also spoken widely in various forums on LDS beliefs especially as they relate to women.
Sant Martí d'Empúries is an entity of the town of L'Escala. It is located next to the ruins of Empúries or Empòrion. Ancient Greeks established the settlement in the 6th century BC. It was the county seat until 1079 Empúries moved to Castelló d'Empúries place less exposed to attack.
Project Daedalus was a study conducted between 1973 and 1978 by the British Interplanetary Society to design a plausible unmanned interstellar spacecraft. Intended mainly as a scientific probe, the design criteria specified that the spacecraft had to use existing or near-future technology and had to be able to reach its destination within a human lifetime. Alan Bond led a team of scientists and engineers who proposed using a fusion rocket to reach Barnard's Star 5.9 light years away. The trip was estimated to take 50 years, but the design was required to be flexible enough that it could be sent to any other target star.
Women's Singles 2017 French Open Champion Jeļena Ostapenko Runner - up Simona Halep Final score 4 -- 6, 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends − 45 45 + women WC Singles men women WC Doubles men women ← 2016 French Open 2018 →
Helen Pitts Douglass (1838–1903) was an American suffragist and abolitionist, known for being the second wife of Frederick Douglass. She also created the Frederick Douglass Memorial and Historical Association.
Oklahoma is part of a geographical region characterized by conservative and Evangelical Christianity known as the "Bible Belt". Spanning the southern and eastern parts of the United States, the area is known for politically and socially conservative views, even though Oklahoma has more voters registered with the Democratic Party than with any other party. Tulsa, the state's second largest city, home to Oral Roberts University, is sometimes called the "buckle of the Bible Belt". According to the Pew Research Center, the majority of Oklahoma's religious adherents – 85 percent – are Christian, accounting for about 80 percent of the population. The percentage of Oklahomans affiliated with Catholicism is half of the national average, while the percentage affiliated with Evangelical Protestantism is more than twice the national average – tied with Arkansas for the largest percentage of any state.
Royson ``Roy ''Allan Anderson is a fictional character from the US television series The Office, portrayed by David Denman. His counterpart in the original UK series of The Office is Lee.
The Confederate States Army (C.S.A.) was the military ground force of the Confederate States of America (Confederacy) during the American Civil War (1861 - 1865). On February 28, 1861, the Provisional Confederate Congress established a provisional volunteer army and gave control over military operations and authority for mustering state forces and volunteers to the newly chosen Confederate president, Jefferson Davis (1808 - 1889), a graduate of the U.S. Military Academy on the Hudson River at West Point, New York, and colonel of a volunteer regiment during the Mexican -- American War (1846 - 1848), later a United States Senator from Mississippi and U.S. Secretary of War in the administration of 14th President Franklin Pierce (1853 - 1857). By March 1861, the Provisional Confederate Congress expanded the provisional forces and established a more permanent Confederate States Army.
Hunts Run is a tributary of Sullivan Branch in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Davidson Township. Its watershed has an area of . The stream has a low pH and poor water quality. The main rock formations in the area are the Huntley Mountain Formation, and the Burgoon Sandstone. The main soil associations in the vicinity of the stream are the Deep-Wellsboro-Oquaga association, the Morris association, and the Oquaga association.
Chiang Hsiao-chang (; born 1938) is the only daughter of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988. Her mother is Faina Ipatyevna Vakhreva, also known as Chiang Fang-liang. She had one older brother, Hsiao-wen, and two younger brothers, Hsiao-wu and Hsiao-yung. She is the only living member of Chiang Ching-kuo's legitimate children, and was the only one among the siblings who could converse in Russian with their mother.
Jane Andrews (previously Mancini, McBride and again Mancini), played by Josie Bissett, is a fictional character from the 1990s prime time soap opera "Melrose Place" and the 2009 series of the same name.
Tyger Takes On... is a British television documentary show shown on BBC Three which began airing on 15 May 2014. The show follows actor Tyger Drew-Honey as he explores life hardships that young people have to face. The first series contained three episodes, the show ended on 5 June 2014. Drew-Honey confirmed, during his appearance on "Sunday Brunch" in August 2014, that a second series of the show had been commissioned. The second series consisted of two episodes.
The U.S. and World Population Clock presents the United States Census Bureau's continuously active approximations of both the population of the United States and the world's total population. The population totals are based on the latest census information and national population estimates, which are used in the algorithms that run the two clocks.
Desmond Mason was drafted out of Oklahoma State University by the Seattle SuperSonics with the 17th pick of the 2000 NBA draft. In 2001, he became the first SuperSonics' player in franchise history to win the NBA Slam Dunk Contest. He also finished in second place in the 2003 contest behind Jason Richardson. In 2003, he and Gary Payton were traded to the Milwaukee Bucks in exchange for Ray Allen and Ronald Murray. On October 26, 2005, he was traded along with a first-round draft pick in the 2006 NBA draft to the New Orleans Hornets in exchange for Jamaal Magloire. On July 23, 2007, Mason signed a contract with the Bucks after a two-season absence. Initially angry with Bucks general manager Larry Harris for trading him in 2005, Mason said he was happy to be back in Milwaukee.
Giuseppe De Piro or Joseph De Piro, (2 November 1877 – 17 September 1933) was a Roman Catholic priest and missionary. He founded The Missionary Society of St Paul (MSSP) in June 1910 with a charism that Maltese priests would become missionaries. Presently holding the status of Servant of God, he is a candidate for beatification.
Samarqand District is a district of Samarqand Region in Uzbekistan. The capital lies at Gulabad. The district was established in 1930.
Amy Lou Adams (born August 20, 1974) is an American actress. She is known for both her comedic and dramatic performances, and as of 2017, is among the highest - paid actresses in the world. She has received several awards, including two Golden Globe Awards, and has been nominated for five Academy Awards and six British Academy Film Awards.
Elections to the United States House of Representatives were held in 1886 for Representatives to the 50th Congress, taking place in the middle of President Grover Cleveland's first term.
Derek Kelly (born March 15, 1964) is an American actor best known for his role in the TV series "Third Watch". He is a real life firefighter in the FDNY, having worked at Engine Company 258/Ladder 115, in Queens. This house also was used in the show for exterior shots. Kelly is married to former fellow cast member Molly Price; together they have a son named Jake who was born in November 2003.
In 334 BC, Alexander the Great invaded the Achaemenid Empire, defeating the last Achaemenid emperor, Darius III, at the Battle of Issus. Following the premature death of Alexander, Iran came under the control of the Hellenistic Seleucid Empire. In the middle of the 2nd century BC, the Parthian Empire rose to become the main power in Iran, and the century-long geopolitical arch-rivalry between Romans and Parthians began, culminating in the Roman–Parthian Wars. The Parthian Empire continued as a feudal monarchy for nearly five centuries, until 224 CE, when it was succeeded by the Sassanid Empire. Together with their neighboring arch-rival, the Roman-Byzantines, they made up the world's two most dominant powers at the time, for over four centuries.
Warsaw remained the capital of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth until 1796, when it was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia to become the capital of the province of South Prussia. Liberated by Napoleon's army in 1806, Warsaw was made the capital of the newly created Duchy of Warsaw. Following the Congress of Vienna of 1815, Warsaw became the centre of the Congress Poland, a constitutional monarchy under a personal union with Imperial Russia. The Royal University of Warsaw was established in 1816.
Holy Name Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Steubenville, Ohio, United States. It is the seat of the Diocese of Steubenville.
The essential nature of the atomic nucleus was established with the discovery of the neutron by James Chadwick in 1932 and the determination that it was a new elementary particle, distinct from the proton.
The Jonga was a Nissan designed vehicle used by the Indian Army. Jonga was an acronym for Jabalpur Ordnance aNd Guncarriage Assembly.
The United Kingdom is famous for the tradition of 'British Empiricism', a branch of the philosophy of knowledge that states that only knowledge verified by experience is valid, and 'Scottish Philosophy', sometimes referred to as the 'Scottish School of Common Sense'. The most famous philosophers of British Empiricism are John Locke, George Berkeley and David Hume; while Dugald Stewart, Thomas Reid and William Hamilton were major exponents of the Scottish "common sense" school. Two Britons are also notable for a theory of moral philosophy utilitarianism, first used by Jeremy Bentham and later by John Stuart Mill in his short work Utilitarianism.
Visa requirements for Canadian citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Canada. As of 1 January 2018, Canadian citizens had visa - free or visa on arrival access to 172 countries and territories, ranking the Canadian passport 6th in terms of travel freedom according to the Henley Passport Index.
Shelby Corcoran is a recurring fictional character from the Fox musical comedy-drama series "Glee". Portrayed by actress Idina Menzel, Shelby was introduced in the fourteenth episode of the show as the coach of Vocal Adrenaline, a rival show choir to New Directions, the show's primary musical group. Fans had lobbied for Menzel to be cast as Rachel Berry's (Lea Michele) biological mother, due to the strong physical resemblance between Menzel and Michele. After it is revealed that Shelby is, in fact, Rachel's biological mother, Shelby discloses that she had signed a contract that stated that she could not seek out her daughter until she was eighteen. She tells Rachel that instead of trying to act like mother and daughter, they should just be grateful that they have met, and maintain their distance.
The three-masted, wooden hulled sailing ship was constructed at the Royal Naval Shipyard in Karlskrona in 1897 and served in the Swedish Navy as a sail training ship until 1938.
Rhett Butler, a wealthy older bachelor and a society pariah, overhears Scarlett express her love to Ashley during a barbecue at Twelve Oaks, the Wilkes' estate. Rhett admires Scarlett's willfulness and her departure from accepted propriety as well as her beauty. He pursues Scarlett, but is aware of her impetuousness, childish spite, and her fixation on Ashley. He assists Scarlett in defiance of proper Victorian mourning customs when her husband, Charles Hamilton, dies in a training camp, and Rhett encourages her hoydenish behavior (by antebellum custom) in Atlanta society. Scarlett, privately chafing from the strict rules of polite society, finds friendship with Rhett liberating.
The Clayton College of Natural Health was a non-accredited American distance-learning natural health college based in Birmingham, Alabama, offering classes in various forms of alternative medicine. The school was founded in 1980 by Lloyd Clayton Jr. as the American College of Holistic Nutrition. According to its website, the school at one point had more than 25,000 students and graduates. The school and some of its more notable graduates have been the subject of controversy.
Pamela Barnes Ewing is a fictional character from the CBS primetime soap opera, Dallas. Pamela is portrayed by actress Victoria Principal, first appearing on the show in the first episode, entitled ``Digger's Daughter '', which was first broadcast on April 2, 1978. Dallas follows the trials of the wealthy Ewing oil family in the city of Dallas, Texas, which Pam has married into. Principal played Pam until the end of the tenth season of Dallas in 1987, when the character crashes into a truck carrying butane and propane and her body is severely burned. After this, she is briefly played by actress Margaret Michaels in an attempt to write the character out. Pamela's storylines in season 1 focus on her relationship with her new husband, Bobby Ewing (Patrick Duffy), and her fight against the considerable suspicion and hostility from within the Ewing family, due to Pamela being a member of the Barnes family. Pamela's love for Bobby remains a strong character trait throughout her tenure on the show, noted for its similarities to Romeo and Juliet, with two people from hostile families falling in love.
Pennsylvania Route 254 (PA 254) is a state highway located in Northumberland, Montour, and Columbia counties in Pennsylvania. The western terminus is at PA 405 in Milton. The eastern terminus is at PA 487 near Benton.
On 6 December 2017, US President Donald Trump said that he would recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital and begin the process of moving the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. This was a departure from previous Security Council resolutions and prevailing international norms (where no state either recognises Jerusalem as a national capital nor has an embassy there).
The Batman Bridge is a modern bridge spanning the Tamar River in the north of the Australian state of Tasmania. The bridge is on the Batman Highway connecting the West Tamar Highway (state route A7) to the East Tamar Highway (state route A8). The eastern end of the bridge is located at Whirlpool Reach, George Town and the western end is about halfway between Kayena and Deviot, Tasmania. The bridge overlooks the Deviot Sailing Club and is named after John Batman, Launceston businessman and co-founder of Melbourne.
IIFA Award for Best Actress Awarded for Best Performance by an Actress in a Leading Role Country India Presented by International Indian Film Academy First awarded Aishwarya Rai, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam (2000) Currently held by Alia Bhatt, Udta Punjab (2017) Website IIFA Awards
Lake Michigan -- Huron (also Huron -- Michigan) is the combined waters of Lake Michigan and Lake Huron, which are joined through the 5 - mile (8.0 km) wide, 20 - fathom (120 ft; 37 m) deep, open - water Straits of Mackinac. Huron and Michigan are hydrologically a single lake because the flow of water through the straits keeps their water levels in near - equilibrium. (Although the flow is generally eastward, the water moves in either direction depending on local conditions.) Combined, Lake Michigan -- Huron is the largest fresh water lake by area in the world. If Lake Huron and Lake Michigan are considered two separate lakes, Lake Superior is larger than either.
Isgaard Marke (born 1972 in Husum, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany) is a classically trained singer, who is also involved with the project Classic meets Pop. Her style resembles influences of the Kate Bush school as well as cold wave influences and modern ambient sounds. Her greatest hits were "Ein schöner Tag" and "Dream of You" with the dance project Schiller, in which she sang single, short lyrical lines.
The Chevrolet S-10 Electric was an American electric-powered vehicle built by Chevrolet. It was introduced in 1997, updated in 1998, and then discontinued. It was an OEM BEV variant of Chevrolet's S-10 pickup truck. The S-10 Electric was solely powered by electricity, and was marketed primarily to utility fleet customers.
In November 2012, International Airlines Group, whose subsidiary Iberia held a 45.85% stake in Vueling, offered to buy the remaining 54.15% of the company with both Iberia and IAG owning both shares and not resulting in the company being wholly owned by IAG through 100% of shares. IAG, also the owner of British Airways, plans to use Vueling to help stem losses at Iberia. However, market trends (increased profits and improved figures from Vueling resulting in a higher share-price) had made IAG's offer a significant undervaluation of the airline. Vueling had urged its shareholders to reject IAG's offer and its shareholders had until the 8th of April 2013 to decide upon the recommendation.
La naissance d'Osiris, ou La fête Pamilie ("The Birth of Osiris, or The Festival of Pamylia") is a one-act opera by Jean-Philippe Rameau, first performed on 12 October 1754 at Fontainebleau to celebrate the birth of the future King Louis XVI. The libretto is by Rameau's frequent collaborator Louis de Cahusac. Cahusac styled the work a "ballet allégorique" ("allegorical ballet"), but it is usually categorised as an "acte de ballet". Its slender plot tells of Jupiter's announcement to a group of Egyptian shepherds of the birth of the god Osiris, who symbolises the baby prince. The piece may have started life as part of a larger work, "Les beaux jours de l'Amour", an "opéra-ballet" Rameau and Cahusac planned but never completed for reasons which are still uncertain.
A Real Birmingham Family is a public artwork and sculpture by Gillian Wearing, cast in bronze, and erected in Centenary Square, outside the Library of Birmingham, England, on 30 October 2014.
A Smooth Jazz Christmas is the sixth studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz. Koz's second holiday album was released by Capitol Records on September 25, 2001. Friends include David Benoit, Rick Braun, Kenny Loggins, Brenda Russell, and Peter White.
Vilnius County () is the largest of the 10 counties of Lithuania, located in the east of the country around the city Vilnius. On 1 July 2010, the county administration was abolished, and since that date, Vilnius County remains as the territorial and statistical unit.
Woman with a Lute, also known as Woman with a Lute Near a Window, is a painting created about 1662–1663 by Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer and now at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
Real Madrid is the most successful club with 33 titles. The most recent club other than Real Madrid and Barcelona to win the league is Atlético Madrid in the 2013 -- 14 season. With their 30 May Copa del Rey defeat of Athletic Bilbao, Barcelona has won the Spanish version of The Double the most times, having won the league and cup in the same year six times in its history, breaking its tie with Athletic's five. Barcelona is the only Spanish team that has won the Treble, which includes the UEFA Champions League along with the league and Copa del Rey, and the only UEFA club to have won the treble twice after accomplishing that feat in 2015. The current champions are Barcelona, who won the 2017 -- 18 competition.
Paris (French pronunciation: ​ (paʁi) (listen)) is the capital and most populous city in France, with an administrative - limits area of 105 square kilometres (41 square miles) and an official population of 2,206,488 (2015). The city is a commune and department, and the heart of the 12,012 - square - kilometre (4,638 - square - mile) Île - de-France region (colloquially known as the 'Paris Region'), whose 2016 population of 12,142,802 represented roughly 18 percent of the population of France. Since the 17th century, Paris has been one of Europe's major centres of finance, commerce, fashion, science, and the arts. The Paris Region had a GDP of €649.6 billion (US $763.4 billion) in 2014, accounting for 30.4 percent of the GDP of France. According to official estimates, in 2013 - 14 the Paris Region had the third - highest GDP in the world and the largest regional GDP in the EU.
Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge () is a 2011 Indian Hindi romantic comedy film directed by Nupur Asthana, starring debutant actors in the lead roles. The film is the second production of Y-Films, a subsidiary of Yash Raj Films. It released on 14 October 2011. It also marked the debut of Indian folk rocker Raghu Dixit in Bollywood. The film is inspired by the 2001 Telugu movie Anandam and the popular social networking site Facebook. It was declared as a hit at the Indian box office.
Oh originally auditioned for the role of Miranda Bailey, although Chandra Wilson was ultimately cast in the part. Oh has received generally positive reviews for her portrayal, with Mark Perigard of the Boston Herald considering her friendship with Meredith to be ``the secret core of Grey's ''. Oh has also garnered numerous awards and nominations for her role as Yang, including Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award wins in 2006. She was additionally nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series each year, from 2005 to 2009. Characterizing the character, ABC noted her competitiveness, ambition, and intelligence as her main traits, while her aggressive, and tactless attitude was highlighted as her main weakness. In May 2012, E! Online reported that Oh had signed on for two more years, along with her fellow cast members. Oh left the show after season 10, and her character Cristina Yang was written out of the storyline as a main cast member.
The men's 3 miles team race was a unique event featured only at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. In the team race, each competing nation sent five athletes. For each heat, the top three athletes from each nation had their placings counted as part of the team score, though good performances by the other two could also help the team by worsening the scores of other teams. Team scores were arrived at by adding the rankings of the top three runners from the team, with low scores being desirable. Thus, a team that took the first three places in a heat would receive 1+2+3=6 points, the best possible score.
The Armenian Genocide caused widespread emigration that led to the settlement of Armenians in various countries in the world. Armenians kept to their traditions and certain diasporans rose to fame with their music. In the post-Genocide Armenian community of the United States, the so-called "kef" style Armenian dance music, using Armenian and Middle Eastern folk instruments (often electrified/amplified) and some western instruments, was popular. This style preserved the folk songs and dances of Western Armenia, and many artists also played the contemporary popular songs of Turkey and other Middle Eastern countries from which the Armenians emigrated.
The master take was recorded on 31 January 1969, as part of the ``Apple studio performance ''for the project. McCartney played Blüthner piano, Lennon played six - string electric bass (replaced by McCartney's own bass part on the final version at the behest of George Martin), George Harrison and Ringo Starr assumed their conventional roles, on guitar and drums respectively, and Billy Preston contributed on organ. This was one of two performances of`` Let It Be'' that day. The first version, designated take 27 - A, would serve as the basis for all officially released versions of the song. The other version, take 27 - B, was performed as part of the ``live studio performance '', along with`` Two of Us'' and ``The Long and Winding Road ''. This performance, in which Lennon and Harrison harmonised with McCartney's lead vocal and Harrison contributed a subdued guitar solo, can be seen in the film Let It Be.
Meanwhile, Yukio arrives and kills Dr. Green. As Logan fights the Silver Samurai. The Silver Samurai severs Logan's adamantium claws and begins to extract Logan's healing abilities through his bone marrow, revealing himself to be Ichirō, who had faked his death. Ichirō regains his youth, but Mariko intervenes and stabs Ichirō with Logan's severed claws. Logan regenerates his bone claws and kills Ichirō. Logan collapses and has one final hallucination of Jean, in which he decides to finally let her go. Mariko becomes CEO of Yashida Industries and bids farewell to Logan as he prepares to leave Japan. Yukio vows to stay by Logan's side as his bodyguard, and they depart to places unknown.
Wang Shen'ai was the daughter of the official Wang Xianzhi, the son of the famed official and calligrapher Wang Xizhi. Her mother Princess Xin'an was the daughter of Emperor Jianwen, making her and her husband cousins. In 396, while he was still crown prince under his father Emperor Xiaowu, they married, and she became crown empress. She was 12, and he was 14. As he was described to be so developmentally disabled that he could not speak or dress himself, or express whether he was full or hungry, it was unlikely that their marriage was consummated; in any case, they had no children. Later that year, after Emperor Xiaowu was killed by his concubine Honoured Lady Zhang after humiliating her, Emperor An became emperor. In 397, she was created empress.
Iron Beam (, "") is an air defense system which is in development by Israeli defense contractor Rafael Advanced Defense Systems. Unveiled at the Singapore Air Show on February 11, 2014. The system is designed to destroy short-range rockets, artillery, and mortars with a range of up to , too small for the Iron Dome system to intercept effectively. In addition, the system could also intercept unmanned aerial vehicles. Iron Beam will use a "directed high energy laser beam" to destroy hostile targets with ranges of up to . Iron Beam will constitute the fifth element of Israel's integrated air defense system, in addition to Arrow 2, Arrow 3, David's Sling, and Iron Dome. However, Iron Beam is also a stand-alone system.
Daniel Oster (1938–1999) was a French writer. He wrote more than 20 books in a variety of genres, spanning both fiction and non-fiction. A specialist in French literature of the 19th century, he wrote extensively on Paul Valéry and Stephane Mallarmé. In recognition of his contributions, he received the Chevalier de l’Ordre National du Mérite from the French government.
South Park: The Stick of Truth is a 2014 role - playing video game developed by Obsidian Entertainment in collaboration with South Park Digital Studios and published by Ubisoft. Based on the American adult animated television series South Park, the game follows the New Kid, who has moved to the eponymous town and becomes involved in an epic role - play fantasy war involving humans, wizards, and elves, who are fighting for control of the all - powerful Stick of Truth. Their game quickly escalates out of control and brings them into conflict with aliens, Nazi zombies, and gnomes, threatening the entire town with destruction.
Sympathy for the Underdog, known in Japan as , is a 1971 Japanese yakuza film directed and co-written by Kinji Fukasaku and starring Kōji Tsuruta and Noboru Ando. It is director Fukasaku's ("Battles Without Honor and Humanity", "Battle Royale") last film featuring Kōji Tsuruta. "Complex" named it number 8 on their list of The 25 Best Yakuza Movies. Home Vision Entertainment released the movie on DVD in North America in 2005.
"Dreamscaperers" is the nineteenth episode of the first season in the animated series "Gravity Falls". The episode is the first of the two-part season finale, the second being "Gideon Rises". It was first broadcast on July 12, 2013, on the Disney Channel. It was written by series creator Alex Hirsch, alongside Matt Chapman and Tim McKeon, and directed by Joe Pitt and John Aoshima. It marks the first appearance of Bill Cipher.
Mansour was born in Cairo. He graduated from Cairo University Law School in 1967, earned a postgraduate degree in law in 1969, studied economics and earned a postgraduate degree in management science from Cairo University in 1970. He later attended France's École nationale d'administration (ENA) and graduated in 1977.
The International Day of the World's Indigenous People's is observed on 9 August each year to promote and protect the rights of the world's indigenous population. This event also recognizes the achievements and contributions that indigenous people make to improve world issues such as environmental protection. It was first pronounced by the General Assembly of the United Nations in December 1994, marking the day of the first meeting of the UN Working Group on Indigenous Populations of the Subcommission on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights, in 1982.
Date Venue Home team Score Competition Round Attendance 5 November 1887 Wellington Road Aston Villa 4 -- 0 FA Cup 2nd Round 23 March 1901 Muntz Street Small Heath 0 -- 0 FA Cup Quarter Final 27 March 1901 Villa Park Aston Villa 1 -- 0 FA Cup Quarter Final replay 23 May 1963 St Andrew's Birmingham City 3 -- 1 League Cup Final 1st leg 31,850 27 May 1963 Villa Park Aston Villa 0 -- 0 League Cup Final 2nd leg 37,921 27 September 1988 St Andrew's Birmingham City 0 -- 2 League Cup 2nd Round 1st leg 12 October 1988 Villa Park Aston Villa 5 -- 0 League Cup 2nd Round 2nd leg 9 November 1988 Villa Park Aston Villa 6 -- 0 Full Members Cup 1st Round 8,324 21 September 1993 St Andrew's Birmingham City 0 -- 1 League Cup 2nd Round 1st leg 27,815 6 October 1993 Villa Park Aston Villa 1 -- 0 League Cup 2nd Round 2nd leg 35,856 1 December 2010 St Andrew's Birmingham City 2 -- 1 League Cup Quarter Final 27,679 22 September 2015 Villa Park Aston Villa 1 -- 0 League Cup 3rd Round 34,442
The One Hundred Fourteenth United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 2015, to January 3, 2017, during the final two full years of Barack Obama's presidency. The 2014 elections gave the Republicans control of the Senate (and control of both houses of Congress) for the first time since the 109th Congress. With 248 seats in the House of Representatives and 54 seats in the Senate, this Congress began with the largest Republican majority since the 71st Congress of 1929 -- 1931.
The United States Supreme Court made an important ruling on the use of stop - and - frisk in the 1968 case Terry v. Ohio, hence why the stops are also referred to as Terry stops. While frisks were arguably illegal, until then, a police officer could search only someone who had been arrested, unless a search warrant had been obtained. In the cases of Terry v. Ohio, Sibron v. New York, and Peters v. New York, the Supreme Court granted limited approval in 1968 to frisks conducted by officers lacking probable cause for an arrest in order to search for weapons if the officer believes the subject to be dangerous. The Court's decision made suspicion of danger to an officer grounds for a ``reasonable search. ''
The most widely accepted estimate for the Middle East, including Iraq, Iran and Syria, during this time, is for a death rate of about a third. The Black Death killed about 40% of Egypt's population. Half of Paris's population of 100,000 people died. In Italy, the population of Florence was reduced from 110–120 thousand inhabitants in 1338 down to 50 thousand in 1351. At least 60% of the population of Hamburg and Bremen perished, and a similar percentage of Londoners may have died from the disease as well. Interestingly while contemporary reports account of mass burial pits being created in response to the large numbers of dead, recent scientific investigations of a burial pit in Central London found well-preserved individuals to be buried in isolated, evenly spaced graves, suggesting at least some pre-planning and Christian burials at this time. Before 1350, there were about 170,000 settlements in Germany, and this was reduced by nearly 40,000 by 1450. In 1348, the plague spread so rapidly that before any physicians or government authorities had time to reflect upon its origins, about a third of the European population had already perished. In crowded cities, it was not uncommon for as much as 50% of the population to die. The disease bypassed some areas, and the most isolated areas were less vulnerable to contagion. Monks and priests were especially hard hit since they cared for victims of the Black Death.
After the first two months of the conflict, South Korean forces were on the point of defeat, forced back to the Pusan Perimeter. In September 1950, an amphibious UN counter-offensive was launched at Inchon, and cut off many of the North Korean attackers. Those that escaped envelopment and capture were rapidly forced back north all the way to the border with China at the Yalu River, or into the mountainous interior. At this point, in October 1950, Chinese forces crossed the Yalu and entered the war. Chinese intervention triggered a retreat of UN forces which continued until mid-1951. After these dramatic reversals of fortune, which saw Seoul change hands four times, the last two years of conflict became a war of attrition, with the front line close to the 38th parallel. The war in the air, however, was never a stalemate. North Korea was subject to a massive bombing campaign. Jet fighters confronted each other in air-to-air combat for the first time in history, and Soviet pilots covertly flew in defense of their Communist allies.
Although Egypt was a majority Christian country before the 7th Century, after Islam arrived, the country was slowly Islamified to become a majority Muslim country. Egypt emerged as a centre of politics and culture in the Muslim world. Under Anwar Sadat, Islam became the official state religion and Sharia the main source of law. It is estimated that 15 million Egyptians follow Native Sufi orders, with the Sufi leadership asserting that the numbers are much greater as many Egyptian Sufis are not officially registered with a Sufi order.
In 2016 while total world energy came from 80% fossil fuels, 10% biofuels, 5% nuclear and 5% renewable (hydro, wind, solar, geothermal), only 18% of that total world energy was in the form of electricity. Most of the other 82% was used for heat and transportation.
The Walter P. Reuther Library, Archives of Labor and Urban Affairs, located on the campus of Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan, contains millions of primary source documents related to the labor history of the United States, urban affairs, and the Wayne State University Archives. The building is named for UAW President and Congress of Industrial Organizations President Walter Reuther.
Meg made her first appearance on television when Family Guy debuted on Fox on January 31, 1999, with the episode ``Death Has a Shadow ''. Originally voiced by Lacey Chabert during the first season, she has been voiced by Mila Kunis since season 2, although Chabert returned to voice Meg in Yug Ylimaf and Back to the Pilot.
Cabramatta Creek, an urban watercourse of the Georges River catchment, is located in the south-western region of Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.
Chakpikarong is a town and subdivision of Chandel district of Manipur state in northeastern India. The Anaal tribe is the majority in this region. Its history is deeply rooted with the history of the state. The literacy rate have boomed up in the recent years as transportation have developed.
Robin is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was originally created by Bob Kane, Bill Finger, and Jerry Robinson, to serve as a junior counterpart to the superhero Batman. The character's first incarnation, Dick Grayson, debuted in Detective Comics # 38 (April 1940). Conceived as a way to attract young readership, Robin garnered overwhelmingly positive critical reception, doubling the sales of the Batman titles. The early adventures of Robin included Star Spangled Comics # 65 -- 130 (1947 -- 1952), which was the character's first solo feature. Robin made regular appearances in Batman related comic books and other DC Comics publications from 1940 through the early 1980s until the character set aside the Robin identity and became the independent superhero Nightwing. The team of Batman and Robin has commonly been referred to as the Caped Crusaders or Dynamic Duo.
In the 1970s, the United States began developing a new generation of reusable orbital spacecraft known as the Space Shuttle, and launched a range of unmanned probes. The USSR continued to develop space station technology with the Salyut program and Mir ('Peace' or 'World', depending on the context) space station, supported by Soyuz spacecraft. They developed their own large space shuttle under the Buran program. However, the USSR dissolved in 1991 and the remains of its space program were distributed to various Eastern European countries. The United States and Russia would work together in space with the Shuttle–Mir Program, and again with the International Space Station.
Yakov Chubin also known as Yakov Shub (Mstsislaw, Mogilyov Governorate, 1893 – Moscow, November 1956) served as the seventh General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Turkmen SSR.
The Slavs under name of the Antes and the Sclaveni make their first appearance in Byzantine records in the early 6th century. Byzantine historiographers under Justinian I (527–565), such as Procopius of Caesarea, Jordanes and Theophylact Simocatta describe tribes of these names emerging from the area of the Carpathian Mountains, the lower Danube and the Black Sea, invading the Danubian provinces of the Eastern Empire.
Stephen Henry Parker was the second son of Stephen Stanley Parker (1817-1904) and his wife Elizabeth, née Sewell. He was the grandson of Stephen Parker (c.1795-1879), a pioneer settler in York, Western Australia. Parker was educated at the Bishop's School, Perth, and was called to the bar in 1868.
The Battle of Turckheim was a battle during the Franco-Dutch War that occurred on 5 January 1675 between the towns of Colmar and Turckheim in Alsace. The French army, commanded by the Viscount of Turenne, fought against the armies of Austria and Brandenburg, led by Alexander von Bournonville and Frederick William, Elector of Brandenburg.
In addition to the principal cast, Alessandro Cremona was cast as Marco Sciarra, Stephanie Sigman was cast as Estrella, and Detlef Bothe was cast as a villain for scenes shot in Austria. In February 2015 over fifteen hundred extras were hired for the pre-title sequence set in Mexico, though they were duplicated in the film, giving the effect of around ten thousand extras.
Amundsen Icefall () is a steep and turbulent icefall where the Axel Heiberg Glacier descends from the polar plateau between Mount Fridtjof Nansen and Mount Don Pedro Christophersen, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica. Named by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (1961–62) for Captain Roald Amundsen, who ascended Axel Heiberg Glacier en route to the South Pole in 1911.
Novak Djokovic won the title, his third at the US Open and 14th Grand Slam title overall, tying Pete Sampras, defeating Juan Martín del Potro in the final, 6 -- 3, 7 -- 6, 6 -- 3.
Mosaic Dallas, formerly Fidelity Union Life Insurance Building, is a residential development in the City Center District of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA), adjacent to Thanks-giving Square. The complex is located at 300 North Akard Street, across the street from DART's Akard Station, which serves its , and light rail lines.
This is a list of the Mayors of Willoughby City Council and its predecessors, a local government area of New South Wales, Australia. The official title of Mayors while holding office is: His/Her Worship The Mayor of Willoughby. First incorporated on 23 October 1865 as the Municipality of Willoughby, the council first met to elect six Aldermen and two Auditors on 16 December 1865, in the house of James Harris French and the first Chairman, James William Bligh, was elected on 1 January 1866. With the enactment of the "Municipalities Act, 1867" the title of Chairman was changed to "Mayor".
In the Season 5 premiere, ``Weight Loss '', Pam begins her three - month course at the Pratt Institute. In this episode, Jim proposes in the pouring rain at a rest stop, saying that he`` ca n't wait''. In ``Business Trip '', Pam learns that she is failing one of her classes and will have to remain in New York another three months to retake it. Although Jim is supportive and tells her he will wait for her to come back`` the right way'', she ultimately makes the decision to return home, saying that she realized she hated graphic design and missed Scranton. A deleted scene for the episode shows Jim looking through Pam's graphic design projects, which he thinks are ``cool '', as well as a notebook filled with pencil sketches, which he finds a lot more impressive than her graphic design projects, implying her talents lie in hand - drawn works. In`` Two Weeks'', Pam agrees to become Michael's first saleswoman in his not - yet - established company, The Michael Scott Paper Co., as a supportive Jim looks on. When David Wallace makes an offer to buy the company Michael negotiates in order to get their jobs at Dunder Mifflin back instead, including adding Pam to the sales team. In ``Company Picnic '', Pam, after dominating the company volleyball tournament, injures her ankle during a game and is taken to the hospital against her wishes. At the hospital, the camera crew is stationed outside an exam room while a doctor updates Jim and Pam on her condition. There is no audio as the camera shows Jim and Pam embrace, looking shocked and ecstatic. It is implied that she is pregnant and is confirmed in the Season 6 premiere,`` Gossip''.
Nicaragua (/ ˌnɪkəˈrɑːɡwə, - ˈræɡ -, - ɡjuə / (listen); Spanish: (nikaˈɾaɣwa)), officially the Republic of Nicaragua (Spanish: República de Nicaragua (help info)), is the largest country in the Central American isthmus, bordered by Honduras to the north, the Caribbean to the east, Costa Rica to the south, and the Pacific Ocean to the west. Managua is the country's capital and largest city and is also the third - largest city in Central America, behind Tegucigalpa and Guatemala City. The multi-ethnic population of six million includes people of indigenous, European, African, and Asian heritage. The main language is Spanish. Native tribes on the Mosquito Coast speak their own languages and English.
Shmidtovsky District () was an administrative district (raion) of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, which existed in 1973–2011. As a municipal division, it was, together with Iultinsky Administrative District, incorporated as Iultinsky Municipal District. It was located in the far north of the autonomous okrug and bordered with Iultinsky District in the east, Anadyrsky District in the south, and with Chaunsky District in the west. The area of the district was . Its administrative center was the urban locality (an urban-type settlement) of Mys Shmidta. Population: The population of Mys Shmidta accounted for 33.5% of the district's total population.
Christoph Froschauer (ca. 1490 – 1 April 1564) was the first printer in Zurich, notably for printing the Froschauer Bible, the Zwinglian Bible translation. His workshop is the nucleus of the Orell Füssli publishing house.
Go for Broke is a 2002 urban comedy film, written by Jean-Claude La Marre, who also directed and co-produced the film, which stars Pras, Michael A. Goorjian, LisaRaye, Kira Madallo Sesay, and Bobby Brown.
The revival began with Jonathan Edwards in Northampton, Massachusetts. Edwards came from Puritan, Calvinist roots, but emphasized the importance and power of immediate, personal religious experience. Religious experience had to be immediate, he taught. He distrusted hierarchy and catechisms. His sermons were ``solemn, with a distinct and careful enunciation, and a slow cadence. ''His sermons were powerful and attracted a large following. Anglican preacher George Whitefield visited from England; he continued the movement, traveling throughout the colonies and preaching in a more dramatic and emotional style, accepting everyone into his audiences. Both Edwards and Whitefield were slave owners and believed that blacks would acquire absolute equality with whites in the Millennial church.
Loekman Hakim was born in Cianjur, West Java, Indonesia, on December 30, 1975, to Eman Sulaeman and Iis Martini. Loekman is the third child of five siblings. His father was a teacher at SMP 5 Bandung. Loekman married Rika Nurhayati and have two child.
2017 US Open Date August 28 -- September 10 Edition 137th Grand Slam (ITF) Draw 128S / 64D / 32X Prize money $50,400,000 Surface Hard Location New York City, New York, United States Venue USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center Champions Men's Singles Rafael Nadal Women's Singles Sloane Stephens Men's Doubles Jean - Julien Rojer / Horia Tecău Women's Doubles Chan Yung - jan / Martina Hingis Mixed Doubles Martina Hingis / Jamie Murray Boys' Singles Wu Yibing Girls' Singles Amanda Anisimova Boys' Doubles Hsu Yu - hsiou / Wu Yibing Girls' Doubles Olga Danilović / Marta Kostyuk Men's Champions Invitational John McEnroe / Patrick McEnroe Women's Champions Invitational Kim Clijsters / Martina Navratilova Wheelchair Men's Singles Stéphane Houdet Wheelchair Women's Singles Yui Kamiji Wheelchair Quad Singles David Wagner Wheelchair Men's Doubles Alfie Hewett / Gordon Reid Wheelchair Women's Doubles Marjolein Buis / Diede de Groot Wheelchair Quad Doubles Andrew Lapthorne / David Wagner ← 2016 US Open 2018 →
Plantations were an important aspect of the history of the American South, particularly the antebellum (pre-American Civil War) era. The mild subtropical climate, plentiful rainfall, and fertile soils of the American Southeast allowed large plantations to flourish; where large numbers of workers, usually Africans held captive for slave labor, were required for agricultural production.
In the course of his Gallic Wars, Julius Caesar invaded Britain twice: in 55 and 54 BC. The first invasion, in late summer, was unsuccessful, gaining the Romans little else besides a beachhead on the coast of Kent. The second invasion achieved more: the Romans installed a king, Mandubracius, who was friendly to Rome, and they forced the submission of Mandubracius's rival, Cassivellaunus. No territory was conquered and held for Rome; instead, all Roman - occupied territory was restored to the allied Trinovantes, along with the promised tribute of the other tribes in what is now eastern England.
Switzerland is one of the richest and wealthiest countries in the world. Switzerland ranks top or close to the top in several metrics of national performance, including government transparency, civil liberties, quality of life, economic competitiveness, and human development. It has the highest nominal wealth (financial and non-financial assets) per adult in the world according to Credit Suisse and the eighth-highest per capita gross domestic product on the IMF list. Zürich and Geneva have each been ranked among the top cities with the highest quality of life in the world, with the former ranked 2nd globally, according to Mercer.
Voices of Wonder aka Voice of Wonder Records was one of the most important rock record labels in Oslo, Norway in the early 1990s. The label was fronted by a small and intimate record store on Olaf Ryes plass, which in addition to the labels own artists specialized in the English Earache Records and the American Sub Pop labels.
The English River is a tributary of the Iowa River in southeastern Iowa in the United States. The main stem of the river is long. Including its longest headwaters tributary, the North English River, the total length increases to . Via the Iowa River, it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. The Deep River is a minor tributary of the English River. The towns of North English, South English and Deep River are named for the English and Deep rivers.
Following the Invasion of Poland in September 1939, German and Soviet troops divided the territory of Poland. Thus, Eastern Galicia and Volhynia with their Ukrainian population became part of Ukraine. For the first time in history, the nation was united.In 1940, the Soviets annexed Bessarabia and northern Bukovina. The Ukrainian SSR incorporated the northern and southern districts of Bessarabia, northern Bukovina, and the Hertsa region. But it ceded the western part of the Moldavian Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic to the newly created Moldavian Soviet Socialist Republic. These territorial gains of the USSR were internationally recognized by the Paris peace treaties of 1947.
William Carney, an African - American and a sergeant with the 54th, is considered the first black recipient of the Medal of Honor for his actions at Fort Wagner in recovering and returning the unit's American flag to U.S. lines. After the battle, the Confederates buried the regiment's commanding officer, Robert Gould Shaw, in a mass grave with the African - American soldiers of his regiment, viewing this as an insult to him. Instead, his family were grateful to them for burying Shaw with his men.
The inquest into the death of Paul-Louis Halley took place in Oxford, England, in late October 2005. A jury returned a verdict of accidental death.
Linda Joyce Greenhouse (born January 9, 1947) is the Knight Distinguished Journalist in Residence and Joseph M. Goldstein Lecturer in Law at Yale Law School. She is a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter who covered the United States Supreme Court for nearly three decades for "The New York Times". She is President of the American Philosophical Society (since 2017), and a member of the Phi Beta Kappa Senate.
Helena Bonham Carter as The Red Queen. She is an amalgamation of two Carroll characters: the Red Queen and the Queen of Hearts. Her first name is a play on the word irascible because she is easily irritated, obstreperous, impatient, and quick to anger. Bonham Carter's head was digitally increased to three times its original size on screen. The character hates animals, and chooses to use them as servants and furniture. It is implied that the Red Queen beheaded her former husband, the King. The actress took inspiration from her young daughter Nell, a toddler, stating that, ``The Red Queen is just like a toddler, because she's got a big head and she's a tyrant. ''
The original version by Stan Jones was recorded in late 1948, and composer Eden Ahbez sent the song to Burl Ives, who recorded his own version a year later.
Distorted Humor's sire is Forty Niner, 1987's Eclipse Award winning Outstanding Two-Year-Old Male Horse by the champion sire, Mr. Prospector. Distorted Humor's dam was Danzig's Beauty by Danzig. Distorted Humor was her second foal. (Danzig's Beauty died June 17, 2006, at the age of 19 due to colic. She'd given birth in April 2006, to her last foal, a filly by Empire Maker. Of her eight starters, six were winners.)
The Runde River (formerly Lundi River) is a river in southeastern Zimbabwe. It is a tributary of the Save River and its major tributaries include the Ngezi River, Tokwe River, Mutirikwe River and Chiredzi River.
Mozilla Messaging (abbreviated MoMo) was a wholly owned, for-profit subsidiary of the non-profit Mozilla Foundation. It was broadly tasked with aspects of the Mozilla Project that focused on interpersonal communications, such as instant messaging and e-mail. Its main focus was developing Mozilla Thunderbird, the e-mail client developed by the Mozilla Foundation.
Used only in conference play for several years, it was adopted by the NCAA in April 1986 for the 1986 -- 87 season at 19 ft 9 in (6.02 m) and was first used in the NCAA Tournament in March 1987. The three - pointer was adopted in women's basketball on an experimental basis for that season at the same distance, and made its use mandatory beginning in 1987 -- 88. In 2007, the NCAA lengthened the men's distance by a foot to 20 ft 9 in (6.32 m), effective with the 2008 -- 09 season, and the women's line was moved to match the men's in 2011 -- 12. American high schools, along with elementary and middle schools, adopted a 19 ft 9 in (6.02 m) line nationally in 1987, a year after the NCAA. The NCAA used the FIBA three - point line (see below) in the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) in 2018.
Japanese singer Miki Asakura recorded the song in Japanese as ヒーロー HOLDING OUT FOR A HERO in 1984. Elizabeth Daily recorded the song as the series theme song to the TV series Cover Up. Jennifer Saunders recorded the song for the 2004 film Shrek 2. It was also featured on the associated soundtrack. Frou Frou also recorded an alternatively tuned version of the song for Shrek 2 which appears during the film credits and in the soundtrack. American Post-Hardcore band Emery also did a cover for the 2005 Fearless Records compilation Punk Goes 80's. Ella Mae Bowen recorded a country version of the song which appeared on the soundtrack to the 2011 remake of Footloose.
Chen's father Chen Qiang named him Chen Peisi after Pest, when he performed "The White-Haired Girl" in Budapest, Hungary in 1951. The pronunciation of "Budapest" in Mandarin Chinese is "". Chen's father named his elder brother Chen Buda ().
Even though the Gelug exchanged gifts with and sent missions to the Ming court up until the 1430s, the Gelug was not mentioned in the Mingshi or the Mingshi Lu. On this, historian Li Tieh-tseng says of Tsongkhapa's refusal of Ming invitations to visit the Yongle Emperor's court:
The first several years of the 20th century were a period of confusion and transition in US naval strategy, tactics, and ship design. The "Mississippi" class, along with the preceding , were designed based on lessons learned in the Spanish–American War, but while they were under construction, the Russo-Japanese War, war games, and experimentation demonstrated new priorities and concepts which would influence future designs. This was also a period where rapid development of techniques and training in the use of large guns made the inclusion of rapid-fire intermediate and secondary weapons unnecessary. Future US designs would reduce the confusing array of guns sizes in predreadnought battleships and rely on one gun size for the main armament, the "all-big-gun" concept, along with many small guns of a uniform caliber to combat small vessels in close proximity.
Gmina Fredropol is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, on the border with Ukraine. Its seat is the village of Fredropol, which lies approximately south of Przemyśl and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
The Lord Lewis Prize is awarded by the Royal Society of Chemistry for distinctive and distinguished chemical or scientific achievements together with significant contributions to the development of science policy. The recipient receives a medal, a certificate and a prize of £5,000.
The United States presidential election of 1824 was the tenth quadrennial presidential election, held from Tuesday, October 26, to Thursday, December 2, 1824. John Quincy Adams was elected President on February 9, 1825. The election was the only one in history to be decided by the House of Representatives under the provisions of the Twelfth Amendment to the United States Constitution after no candidate secured a majority of the electoral vote. It was also the first U.S. presidential election where the popular vote was recorded, and the only presidential election in which the candidate who received a plurality of electoral votes (Andrew Jackson) did not become President, a source of great bitterness for Jackson and his supporters, who proclaimed the election of Adams a corrupt bargain.
Jolly is a city in Clay County, Texas, United States. It is part of the Wichita Falls, Texas Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 172 at the 2010 census.
Pythons is the second studio album by indie rock band Surfer Blood. It was released in June 2013 under Sire Records and produced by Gil Norton. Following the release of their EP, "Tarot Classics", Surfer Blood had been writing songs whilst on tour. The first song to be written for the album is technically "Prom Song", as they have had the guitar parts for this song for a few years now. The album features all the qualities that define Surfer Blood's sound, but is stripped of its reverb and given a more polished production, as opposed to the production that took place in front-man John Paul Pitts' apartment. "Pixies" guitarist Joey Santiago lent the band equipment such as amplifiers and guitars during the album's production, as Norton is a close friend of his because he produced most of the Pixies discography.
Common energy forms include the kinetic energy of a moving object, the potential energy stored by an object's position in a force field (gravitational, electric or magnetic), the elastic energy stored by stretching solid objects, the chemical energy released when a fuel burns, the radiant energy carried by light, and the thermal energy due to an object's temperature. All of the many forms of energy are convertible to other kinds of energy. In Newtonian physics, there is a universal law of conservation of energy which says that energy can be neither created nor be destroyed; however, it can change from one form to another.
In 1968, Tito offered Czechoslovak leader Alexander Dubček to fly to Prague on three hours notice if Dubček needed help in facing down the Soviets. In April 1969, Tito removed generals Ivan Gošnjak and Rade Hamović in the aftermath of the invasion of Czechoslovakia due to the unpreparedness of the Yugoslav army to respond to a similar invasion of Yugoslavia.
Gerald Koocher earned an undergraduate degree in psychology from Boston University in 1968. He completed a master's degree (1970) and Ph.D. (1972) in clinical psychology from the University of Missouri. He worked full-time at Boston's Children's Hospital from 1971 to 2001, ultimately serving as chief of psychology. While at Boston Children's, he was an associate professor at Harvard Medical School. In June 2001 he became a professor and dean of the School of Nursing and Health Sciences at Simmons College in Boston. He later served as associate provost at Simmons, while continuing part-time service at Boston Children's Hospital and Harvard Medical School. He began serving as dean of the College of Science and Health at DePaul University on July 1, 2013. In September, 2018 he began serving as Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs at Quincy College. https://www.patriotledger.com/news/20180717/quincy-college-hires-first-ever-provost
Serrapio is one of 18 parishes (administrative divisions) in Aller, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Upon its theatrical release, the film received generally positive reviews, particularly for its color and CinemaScope wide - screen cinematography of Italian filming locations. In his review in The New York Times, Bosley Crowther wrote, ``Three Coins in the Fountain is quite clearly a film in which the locale comes first. However, the nonsense of its fable tumbles nicely within the picture frame. ''Crowther underscored the film's visual appeal to the audiences of his time.
Born in Cleveland, Ohio, Szekely attended Baylor University; he threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed . His son, Joe Szekely, a catcher in minor league baseball from 1982 to 1992, is a longtime minor league manager and instructor who spent the 2011 season as a coach in the Tampa Bay Rays' organization.
The Patriots have appeared in the Super Bowl nine times in franchise history, the most of any team, seven of them since the arrival of head coach Bill Belichick and quarterback Tom Brady in 2000. The Patriots have since become one of the most successful teams in NFL history, winning 14 AFC East titles in 16 seasons since 2001, without a losing season in that period. The franchise has since set numerous notable records, including most wins in a ten - year period (126, in 2003 -- 2012), an undefeated 16 - game regular season in 2007, the longest winning streak consisting of regular season and playoff games in NFL history (a 21 - game streak from October 2003 to October 2004), and the most consecutive division titles won by a team in NFL history (won eight straight division titles from 2009 to 2016). The team owns the record for most Super Bowls reached (seven) and won (five) by a head coach -- quarterback tandem. The Patriots are tied with the 49ers and Cowboys for the second most Super Bowl wins with five. The Steelers are in front with six.
José and Pilar () is a Portuguese documentary directed by Miguel Gonçalves Mendes following the last years of the Nobel Prize winner José Saramago, chiefly through his relationship with his resolute wife, Pilar del Río. Highly praised by the critics and the audience, the film seems to have accomplished to show the tenderness, the genuine integrity and the deeply concerned humanity behind such controversial figure and his spouse. It gathers sequences from Madrid to Helsinki to Rio de Janeiro and covers Jose and Pilar's life in Lanzarote, their trips around the world (presenting José's books, signing autographs, making speeches) and their most simple, transient and quotidian moments, as for during the period José writes his "The Elephant's Journey". The film was produced by Miguel Mendes' JumpCut (Portugal), Fernando Meirelles's O2 and Pedro Almodóvar's El Deseo.
A number of world-leading education institutions are based in London. In the 2014/15 QS World University Rankings, Imperial College London is ranked joint 2nd in the world (alongside The University of Cambridge), University College London (UCL) is ranked 5th, and King's College London (KCL) is ranked 16th. The London School of Economics has been described as the world's leading social science institution for both teaching and research. The London Business School is considered one of the world's leading business schools and in 2015 its MBA programme was ranked second best in the world by the Financial Times.
Like other settled, agrarian societies in history, those in the Indian subcontinent have been attacked by nomadic tribes throughout its long history. In evaluating the impact of Islam on the sub-continent, one must note that the northwestern sub-continent was a frequent target of tribes raiding from Central Asia. In that sense, the Muslim intrusions and later Muslim invasions were not dissimilar to those of the earlier invasions during the 1st millennium. What does however, make the Muslim intrusions and later Muslim invasions different is that unlike the preceding invaders who assimilated into the prevalent social system, the successful Muslim conquerors retained their Islamic identity and created new legal and administrative systems that challenged and usually in many cases superseded the existing systems of social conduct and ethics, even influencing the non-Muslim rivals and common masses to a large extent, though non-Muslim population was left to their own laws and customs. They also introduced new cultural codes that in some ways were very different from the existing cultural codes. This led to the rise of a new Indian culture which was mixed in nature, though different from both the ancient Indian culture and later westernized modern Indian culture. At the same time it must be noted that overwhelming majority of Muslims in India are Indian natives converted to Islam. This factor also played an important role in the synthesis of cultures.
Sámuel Mikoviny (, ? – 23 March 1750) was a mathematician, engineer, cartographer, and professor. He was a leading representative of science and technology in the 18th century Kingdom of Hungary and Habsburg Monarchy.
WJYM is an American radio station licensed to broadcast from Bowling Green, Ohio. Its studios and transmitter are located in Lime City near Perrysburg, and the station serves the Toledo metropolitan area.
The Montclair-Boonton Line is a commuter rail line of New Jersey Transit Rail Operations in the United States. It is part of the Hoboken Division. The line is a consolidation of three individual lines: the former Delaware, Lackawanna & Western Railroad's Montclair Branch, which ran from Hoboken Terminal to Bay Street, Montclair; the Erie Railroad's Greenwood Lake Division (segment from Montclair to Mountain View-Wayne), which originally ran from the Erie's Jersey City Terminal to Greenwood Lake, NY; and the former Lackawanna Boonton Line, which ran from Hoboken to Hackettstown, New Jersey. The Montclair-Boonton line was formed when the Montclair Connection opened on September 30, 2002. The line serves 28 active rail stations in New Jersey along with New York Pennsylvania Station. It crosses through six counties, serving six stations in the township of Montclair, two in the town of Bloomfield, and one in the city of Newark. Trains along the Montclair-Boonton Line heading eastward usually originate at Hackettstown, Mount Olive, Lake Hopatcong, Dover, or Montclair State University, bound for either Hoboken Terminal or New York Penn Station.
The incorporation of the First Amendment establishment clause in the landmark case of Everson v. Board of Education has impacted the subsequent interpretation of the separation of church and state in regard to the state governments. Although upholding the state law in that case, which provided for public busing to private religious schools, the Supreme Court held that the First Amendment establishment clause was fully applicable to the state governments. A more recent case involving the application of this principle against the states was Board of Education of Kiryas Joel Village School District v. Grumet (1994).
Mel Gibson as John Smith, the love interest of Pocahontas. He is the only settler in Jamestown willing to befriend the natives due to his love for Pocahontas and acceptance of other cultures. John Pomeroy served as the supervising animator for John Smith.
Longhorns & Londonbridges is a 1974 album by B.J. Thomas, released on Paramount Records, during the time when rights to the Paramount Records name were owned by Paramount Pictures. It is commonly misidentified as "Longhorn & London Bridges".
The Bullards Bridge (or simply Bullards Bridge) is a vertical-lift bridge that spans the Coquille River near where the river empties into the Pacific Ocean, just north of Bandon, Oregon, United States. One of only two vertical-lift bridges on the Oregon Coast Highway (U.S. Route 101), it was completed in 1954. The lift span is flanked by two camelback truss spans. It is located immediately east of Bullards Beach State Park.
Debuting on November 23, 2006, the telecasts were originally part of NFL Network's Run to the Playoffs package, which consisted of eight total games broadcast on Thursday and Saturday nights (five on Thursdays, and three on Saturdays, originally branded as Saturday Night Football) during the latter portion of the season. Since 2012, the TNF package has begun during the second week of the NFL season; the NFL Kickoff Game and the Thanksgiving primetime game are both broadcast as part of NBC Sports' Sunday Night Football contract and are not included in Thursday Night Football, although the Thanksgiving primetime game was previously part of the package from 2006 until 2011.
BeiDou-1 is an experimental regional navigation system, which consists of four satellites (three working satellites and one backup satellite). The satellites themselves were based on the Chinese DFH-3 geostationary communications satellite and had a launch weight of 1,000 kilograms (2,200 pounds) each.
The Cái River () is a river of Vietnam. It flows through Khánh Hòa Province and Đắk Lắk Province. The river has a basin area of 1904 km².
Lâm Đồng () is a province located in the Central Highlands () region of Vietnam. Its capital is Da Lat. Lâm Đồng borders Khánh Hòa Province and Ninh Thuận Province to the east, Đồng Nai Province to the southwest, Bình Thuận Province to the southeast, Đắk Lắk Province to the north, and Đắk Nông Province to the northwest. It is the only Central Highlands province which does not share its western border with Cambodia.
Alma Manon Gropius (October 5, 1916 – April 22, 1935) was the daughter of the architect Walter Gropius and the composer and diarist Alma Mahler and the stepdaughter of the novelist and poet Franz Werfel. She is a "Randfigur" (peripheral person) whose importance lies in her key relationships to major figures: a muse who inspired the composer Alban Berg as well as Werfel and the Nobel Prize-winning writer Elias Canetti. Manon Gropius is most often cited as the "angel" and dedicatee of Berg's Violin Concerto (1935).
In the context of trademarks, this expansion has been driven by international efforts to harmonise the definition of "trademark", as exemplified by the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights ratified in 1994, which formalized regulations for IP rights that had been handled by common law, or not at all, in member states. Pursuant to TRIPs, any sign which is "capable of distinguishing" the products or services of one business from the products or services of another business is capable of constituting a trademark.
Navy Captain Omoniyi Caleb Olubolade (born 30 November 1954) is a former Military Administrator of Bayelsa State, Nigeria who was appointed Minister of Special Duties on 6 April 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet.
Teenager Sanjaya Malakar was the season's most talked-about contestant for his unusual hairdo, and for managing to survive elimination for many weeks due in part to the weblog Vote for the Worst and satellite radio personality Howard Stern, who both encouraged fans to vote for him. However, on April 18, Sanjaya was voted off.
Cortébert is a municipality in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is located in the French-speaking part of the canton in the Jura mountains.
Daylight saving time starts on the second Sunday in March and ends on the first Sunday in November, with the time changes taking place at 2: 00 a.m. local time. With a mnemonic word play referring to seasons, clocks ``spring forward, fall back ''-- that is, in springtime the clocks are moved forward from 2: 00 a.m. to 3: 00 a.m. and in fall they are moved back from 2: 00 a.m. to 1: 00 a.m. Daylight saving time lasts for a total of 34 weeks (238 days) every year, about 65% of the entire year.
A Prisoner of Birth is a mystery novel by English author Jeffrey Archer, first published on 6 March 2008 by Macmillan. This book is a contemporary retelling of Dumas's "The Count of Monte Cristo". The novel saw Archer return to the first place in the fiction best-seller list for the first time in a decade.
On March 30, 2015, it was announced that West is a co-owner, with various other music artists, in the music streaming service Tidal. The service specialises in lossless audio and high definition music videos. Jay Z acquired the parent company of Tidal, Aspiro, in the first quarter of 2015. Including Beyoncé and Jay-Z, sixteen artist stakeholders (such as Rihanna, Beyoncé, Madonna, Chris Martin, Nicki Minaj and more) co-own Tidal, with the majority owning a 3% equity stake. The idea of having an all artist owned streaming service was created by those involved to adapt to the increased demand for streaming within the current music industry, and to rival other streaming services such as Spotify, which have been criticised for their low payout of royalties. "The challenge is to get everyone to respect music again, to recognize its value", stated Jay-Z on the release of Tidal.
United had finished third in the First Division that season, and were strong favourites, while unfancied Southampton had finished sixth in the Second Division. In one of the biggest shocks in the history of the final, Southampton won 1 -- 0 through an 83rd - minute goal from Bobby Stokes. It was the first time Southampton won a major trophy.
The Adams -- Onís Treaty of 1819, also known as the Transcontinental Treaty, the Florida Purchase Treaty, or the Florida Treaty, was a treaty between the United States and Spain in 1819 that ceded Florida to the U.S. and defined the boundary between the U.S. and New Spain. It settled a standing border dispute between the two countries and was considered a triumph of American diplomacy. It came in the midst of increasing tensions related to Spain's territorial boundaries in North America against the United States and Great Britain in the aftermath of the American Revolution; and also during the Latin American Wars of Independence. Florida had become a burden to Spain, which could not afford to send settlers or garrisons. Madrid decided to cede the territory to the United States through the Adams -- Onís Treaty in exchange for settling the boundary dispute along the Sabine River in Spanish Texas. The treaty established the boundary of U.S. territory and claims through the Rocky Mountains and west to the Pacific Ocean, in exchange for the U.S. paying residents' claims against the Spanish government up to a total of $5,000,000 and relinquishing the US claims on parts of Spanish Texas west of the Sabine River and other Spanish areas, under the terms of the Louisiana Purchase.
Furthermore, evidence exists that hunting may have been one of the multiple environmental factors leading to extinctions of the holocene megafauna and their replacement by smaller herbivores. North American megafauna extinction was coincidental with the Younger Dryas impact event, possibly making hunting a less critical factor in prehistoric species loss than had been previously thought. However, in other locations such as Australia, humans are thought to have played a very significant role in the extinction of the Australian megafauna that was widespread prior to human occupation.
The University of Swaziland, Southern African Nazarene University, Swaziland Christian University are the institutions that offer university education in the country. A campus of Limkokwing University of Creative Technology can be found at Sidvwashini, a suburb of the capital Mbabane. There are some teaching and nursing assistant colleges around the country. Ngwane Teacher's College and William Pitcher College are the country's teaching colleges. The Good Shepherd Hospital in Siteki is home to the College for Nursing Assistants.
The meetings took place in the Mediterranean, off the island of Malta. The Soviet delegation used the missile cruiser Slava, while the US delegation had their sleeping quarters aboard USS Belknap. The ships were anchored in a roadstead off the coast of Marsaxlokk. Stormy weather and choppy seas resulted in some meetings being cancelled or rescheduled, and gave rise to the moniker the "Seasick Summit" among international media. The meetings ultimately took place aboard Maksim Gorkiy, a Soviet cruise ship chartered to West German tour company Phoenix Reisen, which anchored in the harbor at Marsaxlokk.
Super League began in 1996, replacing the RFL Championship and switching from a winter to a summer season. Each team plays 23 games between February and July: 11 home games, 11 away games and a Magic Weekend game at a neutral venue. After 23 games, teams enter a Super 8 stage, the top eight play each other once more. The top four then enter the play - off series leading to the Grand Final (formerly the Championship Final) which determines the champions. The bottom four teams go on to play the top four Championship teams in The Qualifiers to determine who will play in Super League the following season.
The Neck Amphora by Exekias ia a neck amphora in the black figure style by the Attic vase painter and potter Exekias. It is found in the possession of the Antikensammlung Berlin under the inventory number "F 1720" and is on display in the Altes Museum. It depicts Herakles' battle with the Nemean lion on one side and the sons of Theseus on the other (their earliest appearance in Athenian art). The amphora could only be restored for the first time almost a hundred and fifty years after its original discovery due to negligence and political difficulties.
Krasnolipie () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately east of Braniewo and north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Michael Scott (Steve Carell) is frustrated that Take Your Daughter to Work Day will force him to tone down his office antics. Toby Flenderson (Paul Lieberstein) and Stanley Hudson (Leslie David Baker) bring their daughters, Sasha (Delaney Ruth Farrell) and Melissa (Jazz Raycole) respectively, Kevin Malone (Brian Baumgartner) brings his fiancée's daughter, Abby, and Meredith Palmer (Kate Flannery) brings her son, Jake (Spencer Daniels). Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) is determined to befriend one child by the end of the day. She tries with Abby, who instead takes a liking to Jim. Pam watches, clearly endeared to Jim's way with kids. Sasha walks into Michael's office and plays with his toys, and after his jokes she is quite fond of him. Melissa develops a crush on Ryan Howard (B.J. Novak) and asks for his number, while Kelly Kapoor (Mindy Kaling) alerts Stanley that Ryan may be up to something. Stanley angrily reprimands a confused Ryan for his ``motives '', which Ryan later described as`` one of the most frightening experiences'' of his life.
The highest - scoring regular season game is the triple - overtime game between the Detroit Pistons and the Denver Nuggets on December 13, 1983. The two teams combined to score 370 points, with the Pistons defeating the Nuggets 186 -- 184. An NBA - record four players scored over 40 points in the game, including the Nuggets' Kiki Vandeweghe with a game - high 51. The two teams also set several other NBA records, including the most points scored by one team (186 points), the most points scored by a losing team (184), the most field goals by two teams (142), most field goals by one team (74) and most assists by two teams (93).
Christianity is the predominant religion in New Zealand, although its society is among the most secular in the world. In the 2013 census, 55.0% of the population identified with one or more religions, including 49.0% identifying as Christians. Another 41.9% indicated that they had no religion. The main Christian denominations are, by number of adherents, Roman Catholicism (12.6%), Anglicanism (11.8%), Presbyterianism (8.5%) and "Christian not further defined" (i.e. people identifying as Christian but not stating the denomination, 5.5%). The Māori-based Ringatū and Rātana religions (1.4%) are also Christian in origin. Immigration and demographic change in recent decades has contributed to the growth of minority religions, such as Hinduism (2.1%), Buddhism (1.5%), Islam (1.2%) and Sikhism (0.5%). The Auckland Region exhibited the greatest religious diversity.
"Catch You" is a song by the British recording artist Sophie Ellis-Bextor for her third album, "Trip the Light Fantastic" (2007). It was written by Cathy Dennis, Rhys Barker and Greg Kurstin and produced by Kurstin. It was released as the album's first single on 19 February 2007. "Catch You" is a pop rock song and talks about Bextor chasing the guy that she wants.
``Afro Circus / I Like to Move It, ''performing as King Julien XIII's singing voice, along with Marty (Chris Rock) (2012)
Follow That Dream is a 1962 American musical film starring Elvis Presley made by Mirisch Productions. The movie was based on the 1959 novel "Pioneer, Go Home!" by Richard P. Powell. Producer Walter Mirisch liked the song "Follow that Dream" and retitled the picture. The movie reached #5 on the "Variety" weekly Box Office Survey, staying on the chart for three weeks, and finishing at #33 on the year end list of the top-grossing movies of 1962.
Historians estimate that between the advent of Islam in 650CE and the abolition of slavery in the Arabian Peninsula in the mid-20th century, 10 to 18 million sub-Saharan Black Africans were enslaved by Arab slave traders and transported to the Arabian Peninsula and neighboring countries. This number far exceeded the number of slaves who were taken to the Americas. Several factors affected the visibility of descendants of this diaspora in 21st-century Arab societies: The traders shipped more female slaves than males, as there was a demand for them to serve as concubines in harems in the Arabian Peninsula and neighboring countries. Male slaves were castrated in order to serve as harem guards. The death toll of Black African slaves from forced labor was high. The mixed-race children of female slaves and Arab owners were assimilated into the Arab owners' families under the patrilineal kinship system. As a result, few distinctive Afro-Arab black communities have survived in the Arabian Peninsula and neighboring countries.
The Republic of the United Provinces lasted until a series of republican revolutions in 1783–1795 created the Batavian Republic. During this period, republican forces took several major cities of the Netherlands. After initially fleeing, the monarchist forces came back with British, Austrian, and Prussian troops and retook the Netherlands. The republican forces fled to France, but then successfully re-invaded alongside the army of the French republic. After the French Republic became the French Empire under Napoleon, the Batavian Republic was replaced by the Napoleonic Kingdom of Holland.
Abuja (/ əˈbuːdʒə /) is the capital city of Nigeria located in the centre of the country within the Federal Capital Territory (FCT). It is a planned city and was built mainly in the 1980s, replacing the country's most populous city of Lagos as the capital on 12 December 1991. Abuja's geography is defined by Aso Rock, a 400 - metre (1,300 ft) monolith left by water erosion. The Presidential Complex, National Assembly, Supreme Court and much of the city extend to the south of the rock. Zuma Rock, a 792 - metre (2,598 ft) monolith, lies just north of the city on the road to Kaduna State.
The Nile (Arabic: النيل ‎) is a major north - flowing river in northeastern Africa, and is commonly regarded as the longest river in the world, though some sources cite the Amazon River as the longest. The Nile, which is 6,853 km (4,258 miles) long, is an ``international ''river as its drainage basin covers eleven countries, namely, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kenya, Ethiopia, Eritrea, South Sudan, Republic of the Sudan and Egypt. In particular, the Nile is the primary water source of Egypt and Sudan.
Lieutenant Governor and President of the Senate of Texas Seal of the Lieutenant Governor Incumbent Dan Patrick since January 20, 2015 Style The Honorable Term length Four years, no term limits Inaugural holder Albert Clinton Horton 1846 Formation Texas Constitution Website Office of the Lieutenant Governor
WMMW (1470 AM) is a radio station licensed to Meriden, Connecticut. broadcasting a talk radio format. WMMW is part of a three station simulcast, along with 610 WSNG, Torrington and the home base, 1360 WDRC (AM), Hartford. The three stations use the slogan "The Talk of Connecticut" featuring a local morning show and syndicated programs the rest of the day, including Michael Savage. The station is owned by Red Wolf Broadcasting and features programming from Fox News Radio, Talk Radio Network and Westwood One. The station provides a blend of issue-oriented talk, news and information.
Blue Slide Park is the debut studio album by American rapper Mac Miller. It was released on November 8, 2011, by Rostrum Records. In July 2011, the title was announced, having been named after a section of Frick Park (which is known as "Blue Slide Park") in Pittsburgh. The park section is at the corner of Beechwood Blvd and Nicholson Street, which is just two blocks from Taylor Allderdice High School where Miller attended. The album cover was designed by his older brother Miller McCormick and Redtape Design.
Einars Repše graduated from Latvia State University (now known as University of Latvia) in 1986 with a degree in physics (specialisation – radio electronics).
The main campus in Provo, Utah, United States sits on approximately 560 acres (2.3 km2) nestled at the base of the Wasatch Mountains and includes 295 buildings. The buildings feature a wide variety of architectural styles, each building being built in the style of its time. The grass, trees, and flower beds on BYU's campus are impeccably maintained. Furthermore, views of the Wasatch Mountains, (including Mount Timpanogos) can be seen from the campus. BYU's Harold B. Lee Library (also known as "HBLL"), which The Princeton Review ranked as the No. 1 "Great College Library" in 2004, has approximately 8½ million items in its collections, contains 98 miles (158 km) of shelving, and can seat 4,600 people. The Spencer W. Kimball Tower, shortened to SWKT and pronounced Swicket by many students, is home to several of the university's departments and programs and is the tallest building in Provo, Utah. Furthermore, BYU's Marriott Center, used as a basketball arena, can seat over 22,000 and is one of the largest on-campus arenas in the nation. Interestingly absent on the campus of this church owned university is a campus chapel. Notwithstanding, each Sunday LDS Church services for students are conducted on campus, but due to the large number of students attending these services, nearly all of the buildings and possible meeting spaces on campus are utilized (in addition, many students attend services off campus in LDS chapels in the surrounding communities).
In 1931, the Spanish Second Republic gave the castle to the city of Palma, along with the forest surrounding it. It became a museum in 1932, being restored in 1976 to become the city's History museum. Thanks to the parking lot and road built next to the castle, it currently welcomes a great number of visitors. The main yard is the seat to many different public ceremonies, such as protocollary and cultural acts, and concerts. Due to its location and visibility from the sea or any other point of the city, it has become one the city's symbols.
The Pioneer Venus project was part of the Pioneer program consisting of two spacecraft, the Pioneer Venus Orbiter and the Pioneer Venus Multiprobe, launched to Venus in 1978. The program was managed by NASA's Ames Research Center.
Sir Thomas Cavendish (19 September 1560 – May 1592) was an English explorer and a privateer known as "The Navigator" because he was the first who deliberately tried to emulate Sir Francis Drake and raid the Spanish towns and ships in the Pacific and return by circumnavigating the globe. While members of Magellan's, Loaisa's, Drake's, and Loyola's expeditions had preceded Cavendish in circumnavigating the globe, it had not been their intent at the outset. His first trip and successful circumnavigation made him rich from captured Spanish gold, silk and treasure from the Pacific and the Philippines. His richest prize was the captured 600 ton sailing ship the Manila Galleon "Santa Ana" (also called "Santa Anna"). He was knighted by Queen Elizabeth I of England after his return. He later set out for a second raiding and circumnavigation trip but was not as fortunate and died at sea at the age of 31.
Porcupine is a census-designated place in Sioux County, North Dakota, United States. It lies only a few minutes' drive from the city of Selfridge. The community includes the headquarters of the Selfridge/Porcupine district.
Talk That Talk is the sixth studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna, released on November 18, 2011, by Def Jam Recordings and SRP Records. It was recorded while traveling for the Loud Tour between February and November 2011, and was originally planned to be a reissue of her previous studio album "Loud" (2010). As executive producer, Rihanna enlisted a wide range of producers including Alex da Kid, Calvin Harris, Chase & Status, No I.D., and StarGate to achieve her desired sound. Following in the same vein as "Loud", "Talk That Talk" is a dance-oriented pop/R&B crossover album that incorporates elements of hip hop, dubstep, electronic and house music. The album also continues to have subtle dancehall genres, whilst its lyrical content and themes revolve around a nihilist, romantic and lascivious lover.
One of the most enduring characters in the history of Italian comics, Pedrito el Drito was created by Terenghi in 1952, making his first appearances as a naive cowboy in the appendix to comic books "Forza John!" and "Rocky Rider". Promoted sheriff, in 1953 his stories started being regularly published on the comic magazines "Il Monello" and "Intrepido". In the 1990s the comic series was published in "Corriere dei Piccoli" and "Lupo Alberto". In spite of its western setting, the series was built as a humorous family saga based on the typical characters of an aggressive wife and a henpecked husband.
Tracy McConnell (colloquial: ``The Mother '') is the title character from the CBS television sitcom How I Met Your Mother. The show, narrated by Future Ted (Bob Saget), tells the story of how Ted Mosby (Josh Radnor) met The Mother. Tracy McConnell appears in eight episodes, from`` Lucky Penny'' to ``The Time Travelers '', as an unseen character; she was first seen fully in`` Something New'' and was promoted to a main character in season 9. The Mother is played by Cristin Milioti.
True Life is an American documentary television series that aired on MTV from March 31, 1998 to June 21, 2017. Each episode follows a particular topic, such as heroin addiction as in the first episode – "Fatal Dose". The show is created by following a series of subjects by a camera crew through a certain part of their lives. A four-episode revival series titled True Life/Now aired in 2019.
Chivalry and the ethos of courtly love developed in royal and noble courts. This culture was expressed in the vernacular languages rather than Latin, and comprised poems, stories, legends, and popular songs spread by troubadours, or wandering minstrels. Often the stories were written down in the chansons de geste, or "songs of great deeds", such as The Song of Roland or The Song of Hildebrand. Secular and religious histories were also produced. Geoffrey of Monmouth (d. c. 1155) composed his Historia Regum Britanniae, a collection of stories and legends about Arthur. Other works were more clearly history, such as Otto von Freising's (d. 1158) Gesta Friderici Imperatoris detailing the deeds of Emperor Frederick Barbarossa, or William of Malmesbury's (d. c. 1143) Gesta Regum on the kings of England.
In the U.S., daylight saving time starts on the second Sunday in March and ends on the first Sunday in November, with the time changes taking place at 2: 00 a.m. local time. With a mnemonic word play referring to seasons, clocks ``spring forward, fall back ''-- that is, in springtime the clocks are moved forward from 2: 00 a.m. to 3: 00 a.m. and in fall they are moved back from 2: 00 a.m. to 1: 00 a.m. Daylight saving time lasts for a total of 34 weeks (238 days) every year, about 65% of the entire year.
Empire is an American comic book limited series created by Mark Waid and Barry Kitson. It has been published by Gorilla Comics (an Image Comics imprint), DC Comics, and a partnership between Thrillbent and IDW Publishing.
Prior to the release of Foo Fighters' 1995 debut album Foo Fighters, which featured Grohl as the only official member, Grohl recruited bassist Nate Mendel and drummer William Goldsmith, both formerly of Sunny Day Real Estate, as well as Nirvana touring guitarist Pat Smear to complete the lineup. The band began with performances in Portland, Oregon. Goldsmith quit during the recording of the group's second album, The Colour and the Shape (1997), when most of the drum parts were re-recorded by Grohl himself. Smear's departure followed soon afterward, though he would rejoin them in 2006.
The city was founded in 1890 by the Pioneer Column, a small military force of the British South Africa Company, and named Fort Salisbury after the British prime minister Lord Salisbury. Company administrators demarcated the city and ran it until Southern Rhodesia achieved responsible government in 1923. Salisbury was thereafter the seat of the Southern Rhodesian (later Rhodesian) government and, between 1953 and 1963, the capital of the Central African Federation. It retained the name Salisbury until 1982, when it was renamed Harare on the second anniversary of Zimbabwean independence.
Beyond the Beyond, known in Japan as , is a role-playing video game that was developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation in 1995. Though not the first role-playing game released for the PlayStation, "Beyond the Beyond" was the first RPG available in the west for the console using a traditional Japanese RPG gameplay style like "Final Fantasy", Dragon Quest and "Phantasy Star". The characters were designed by popular manga artist Ami Shibata.
Zumbo's Just Desserts is an Australian baking reality competition television program on the Seven Network. The program was developed by the creators of My Kitchen Rules. The program is hosted by Adriano Zumbo and Rachel Khoo, with Gigi Falanga as assistant. The series was won by Kate, who received $100,000 prize money and her dessert was featured in Zumbo's shop.
Esther Ibanga (born 31 March 1961) is a Nigerian pastor and founder of the "Women Without Walls Initiative". She won the 32nd Niwano Peace Prize for promoting peace among people of different ethnic groups and religions in Jos, Nigeria.
Stochastic Models is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers on stochastic models. It is published by Taylor & Francis. It was established in 1985 under the title "Communications in Statistics. Stochastic Models" and obtained its current name in 2001. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 0.380. The founding editor-in-chief was Marcel F. Neuts, the current editor is Peter Taylor (University of Melbourne).
During the cooler winter months (October -- March), the Coachella Valley regularly has the warmest winter temperatures out of any place west of the Rocky Mountains. East Los Angeles, the Gateway Cities, and parts of the San Gabriel Valley average the warmest winter high temps (72 ° F, 22 ° C) in all of the western U.S., and Santa Monica averages the warmest winter lows (52 ° F, 11 ° C) in all of the western U.S. Palm Springs, a city in the Coachella Valley, averages high / low / mean temperatures of 75 ° F / 50 ° F / 63 ° F, (24 ° C / 10 ° C / 17 ° C) respectively during the period of cooler weather from November to April.
The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition established in 1930. It is contested by the men's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The tournament has taken place every four years, except in 1942 and 1946, when the competition was cancelled due to World War II. The most recent World Cup, hosted by Brazil in 2014, was won by Germany, who beat Argentina 1 -- 0 after extra time.
Douglas Frederick "Doug" Manchester (born June 3, 1942) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He is the former chairman of Manchester Financial Group, past chairman and publisher of "The San Diego Union-Tribune", and nominee to become United States Ambassador to the Bahamas. Manchester, who prefers to be called "Papa Doug", has built some of the tallest hotels and office buildings in San Diego, including the San Diego Marriott Marquis & Marina and the Manchester Grand Hyatt, and is credited as a driving force behind the development of the San Diego Convention Center. Manchester also built the triple 5-star Grand Del Mar Resort & Spa, which sold to Fairmont Hotels & Resorts in 2015, and he maintains a minority ownership. In addition, Manchester built the Torrey Executive Centre, Manchester Financial Building, Whitetail Lodge and Golf Club, and is currently building the Fairmont Austin Hotel in Austin, Texas.
Royal Bengal Rahashya is a novel in Feluda Series created by the eminent author and director Satyajit Ray. It is of 88 pages and is published by Ananda Publishers Pvt. Ltd. in 1975. It was preceded by "Kailashey Kelenkari" and followed by "Joi Baba Felunath".
Amadou Séré (born 30 December 1987 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé football (soccer) goalkeeper with Etoile Filante Ouagadougou of the Burkinabé Premier League.
A CD player is an electronic device that plays audio compact discs, which are a digital optical disc data storage format. CD players were first sold to consumers in 1982. CDs typically contain recordings of audio material such as music. CD players are often a part of home stereo systems, car audio systems, and personal computers. With the exception of CD boomboxes, most CD players do not produce sound by themselves. Most CD players only produce an output signal via a headphone jack and / or RCA jacks. To listen to music using a CD player with a headphone output jack, the user plugs headphones or earphones into the headphone jack. To use a CD player in a home stereo system, the user connects an RCA cable to the RCA jacks or other outputs and connects it to a hi - fi (or other amplifier) and loudspeakers for listening to music. They are also manufactured as portable devices, which are battery powered and typically used with headphones.
The peak flow over Horseshoe Falls was recorded at 225,000 cubic feet (6,400 m) per second. The average annual flow rate is 85,000 cubic feet (2,400 m) per second. Since the flow is a direct function of the Lake Erie water elevation, it typically peaks in late spring or early summer. During the summer months, at least 100,000 cubic feet (2,800 m) per second of water traverses the falls, some 90% of which goes over the Horseshoe Falls, while the balance is diverted to hydroelectric facilities. This is accomplished by employing a weir -- the International Control Dam -- with movable gates upstream from the Horseshoe Falls. The falls' flow is further halved at night, and, during the low tourist season in the winter, remains a minimum of 50,000 cubic feet (1,400 m) per second. Water diversion is regulated by the 1950 Niagara Treaty and is administered by the International Niagara Board of Control (IJC).
The 2002 Rose Bowl, played on January 3, 2002, was a college football bowl game. It was the 88th Rose Bowl game and was the BCS National Championship Game of the 2001 college football season. The game featured the Miami Hurricanes and the Nebraska Cornhuskers, marking the first time since the 1919 Rose Bowl, and only the third time in the game's history, that neither the Big Ten nor the Pac - 10 Conferences had a representative in this game. The Hurricanes won the game, 37 -- 14, for their fifth national title. Miami quarterback Ken Dorsey and wide receiver Andre Johnson were named the Rose Bowl Players of the Game.
Secret Squirrel is a cartoon character created by Hanna-Barbera and also the name of his segment in "The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show", which debuted in 1965. He was given his own show in 1966, but was reunited with Atom Ant for one more season in 1967. Secret first appeared in a prime-time animated special called "The World of Atom Ant and Secret Squirrel", which aired on NBC on September 12, 1965. The show's half-hours included three individual cartoon segments: "Secret Squirrel", "Squiddly Diddly" and "Winsome Witch". Some people call him the James Bond of the rodent world.
Michael J. Barron (born 1933) is the former chief judge of the Milwaukee County Circuit Court and a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
"Endless Story" is the first single released by Yuna Ito. This single was released under the name Reira starring Yuna Ito. "Endless Story" was used in the movie "Nana" in which Yuna played the character Reira Serizawa. "Endless Story" peaked at #2 on both the daily and weekly charts its first week, but in upcoming weeks it was able to hit #1 on the daily charts on multiple occasions, but was unable to reach #1 on the weekly charts. At the end of 2005, "Endless Story" was named the "Best Love Song of 2005" by the Oricon magazine. It also holds the record for the most downloaded debut song for a female artist. On 24 January 2007, according to an Oricon blog, "'Endless Story' was still charting, and at no.144 for that week, and now 471,099 copies are sold." This song has also a sample from Faith Hill's "If I'm Not In Love", which is clear on both songs verses, and similarities on "Endless Story"'s English parts.
Yala (යාල) National Park is the most visited and second largest national park in Sri Lanka, bordering the Indian Ocean. The park consists of five blocks, two of which are now open to the public, and also adjoining parks. The blocks have individual names such as, Ruhuna National Park (Block 1), and Kumana National Park or 'Yala East' for the adjoining area. It is situated in the southeast region of the country, and lies in Southern Province and Uva Province. The park covers 979 square kilometres (378 sq mi) and is located about 300 kilometres (190 mi) from Colombo. Yala was designated as a wildlife sanctuary in 1900, and, along with Wilpattu was one of the first two national parks in Sri Lanka, having been designated in 1938. The park is best known for its variety of wild animals. It is important for the conservation of Sri Lankan elephants, Sri Lankan leopards and aquatic birds.
Hana Maria Pravda (born Hana Becková on 29 January 1916 Prague − 22 May 2008 Oxford) was a Czechoslovakian-born British actress.
Metropolitan Avenue/Lorimer Street is an underground New York City Subway station complex shared by the BMT Canarsie Line and the IND Crosstown Line. Located in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, the complex is served by the G and L trains at all times.
Pope St. Gregory stigmatized Judaism and the Jewish People in many of his writings. He described Jews as enemies of Christ: "The more the Holy Spirit fills the world, the more perverse hatred dominates the souls of the Jews." He labeled all heresy as "Jewish", claiming that Judaism would "pollute [Catholics and] deceive them with sacrilegious seduction." The identification of Jews and heretics in particular occurred several times in Roman-Christian law,
The program has been hosted by 12 different moderators to date, beginning with creator Martha Rountree. The show's moderator since 2014 is Chuck Todd, who also serves as political director for NBC News.
William Coperthwaite attended Bowdoin College in Brunswick, Maine, where he majored in art history. His extra-curricular activities included track and pole vaulting, and he served as vice-president of the Outing Club. He later enrolled in the innovative Putney Graduate School of Teacher Education (Antioch University New England) Master's degree program and in 1972 was awarded a Ph.D in education from Harvard University. Coperthwaite's Harvard research examined the process of instructing groups of students on yurt construction. His dissertation was on native Alaskan culture. One of the many yurts he built leading student groups (in 1976 on the new campus of World College West in Marin County, California) became the subject of a student-composed song; "Yurt Fever". Its final verse concluded with "...a person can stray all over the place, but a Yurt is always a round".
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year Award is the main award of the BBC Sports Personality of the Year ceremony, which takes place each December. The winner is the sportsperson, judged by a public vote, to have achieved the most that year. The recipient must either be British or reside and play a significant amount of their sport in the United Kingdom. The winner is selected by a public - vote from a pre-determined shortlist. The most recent award winner is athlete Sir Mo Farah, who won in 2017.
Pak Nam-gi or Park Nam-ki (21 February 1934 – 17 March 2010) was, until as late as January 2010, Director of the Planning and Finance Department of the ruling party of North Korea. There are doubts about his date of birth, with at least two unattributed sources reporting it as 21 February 1934 or sometime in 1928 respectively.
Solidarnost (Солидарность, Russian for "Solidarity", named after the Polish Solidarność) is a Russian liberal democratic political movement founded on 13 December 2008 by a number of well-known members of the liberal democratic opposition, including Garry Kasparov, Boris Nemtsov and others from the Yabloko and Union of Right Forces (which had just merged with two pro-Kremlin parties, the Democratic Party of Russia and Civilian Power, to form the pro-Kremlin liberal democratic Right Cause) parties, leaders of the Dissenters March events, the Committee 2008, the People's Democratic Union, the United Civil Front, The Other Russia and other politicians and political groups.
The US Air Force had been developing a program to launch the first man in space, named Man in Space Soonest. This program studied several different types of one-man space vehicles, settling on a ballistic re-entry capsule launched on a derivative Atlas missile, and selecting a group of nine candidate pilots. After NASA's creation, the program was transferred over to the civilian agency and renamed Project Mercury on November 26, 1958. NASA selected a new group of astronaut (from the Greek for "star sailor") candidates from Navy, Air Force and Marine test pilots, and narrowed this down to a group of seven for the program. Capsule design and astronaut training began immediately, working toward preliminary suborbital flights on the Redstone missile, followed by orbital flights on the Atlas. Each flight series would first start unmanned, then carry a primate, then finally men.
Half the deported perished, and the other half were not allowed to return until the early 1960s (years after Stalin's death).[citation needed] The activities of Soviet forces in 1940–41 and after reoccupation sparked a guerrilla war against Soviet authorities in Estonia by the Forest Brothers, who consisted mostly of Estonian veterans of the German and Finnish armies and some civilians. This conflict continued into the early 1950s. Material damage caused by the world war and the following Soviet era significantly slowed Estonia's economic growth, resulting in a wide wealth gap in comparison with neighbouring Finland and Sweden.
Yoshi's Woolly World is a side-scrolling platformer video game developed by Good-Feel and published by Nintendo for the Wii U. The game is the seventh main entry in the "Yoshi" series of games, the first home console title in the series since 1997's "Yoshi's Story," as well as the spiritual successor to 2010's "Kirby's Epic Yarn." The game was released worldwide throughout 2015. A port for the Nintendo 3DS, known as Poochy & Yoshi's Woolly World, was released worldwide in early 2017.
During his papacy the Muslim ruler in Damascus was Marwan I as after the death of Yazid, the son of Mu'âwiyah and his son Muawiya II, Marwan I took control of the East and of Egypt.
Cyprus has two official languages, Greek and Turkish. Armenian and Cypriot Maronite Arabic are recognised as minority languages. Although without official status, English is widely spoken and it features widely on road signs, public notices, and in advertisements, etc. English was the sole official language during British colonial rule and the lingua franca until 1960, and continued to be used (de facto) in courts of law until 1989 and in legislation until 1996. 80.4% of Cypriots are proficient in the English language as a second language. Russian is widely spoken among the country's minorities, residents and citizens of post-Soviet countries, and Pontic Greeks. Russian, after English and Greek, is the third language used on many signs of shops and restaurants, particularly in Limassol and Paphos. In addition to these languages, 12% speak French and 5% speak German.
Russian (ру́сский язы́к, russkiy yazyk, pronounced [ˈruskʲɪj jɪˈzɨk] ( listen)) is an East Slavic language and an official language in Russia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and many minor or unrecognised territories. It is an unofficial but widely-spoken language in Ukraine, Latvia, Estonia, and to a lesser extent, the other countries that were once constituent republics of the Soviet Union and former participants of the Eastern Bloc. Russian belongs to the family of Indo-European languages and is one of the three living members of the East Slavic languages. Written examples of Old East Slavonic are attested from the 10th century onwards.
The European BioSafety Association (EBSA) is a non-profit organization, founded in June 1996, which provides a forum to its members to discuss and debate issues of concern and to represent those working in the field of biosafety and associated activities. Its mission is to enhance knowledge and understanding of biological safety throughout Europe and the world.
USS "Clara Dolsen" (1862) was a large steamer captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War. She served the Union Navy in river operations and as an "receiving ship" auxiliary.
In early March of 1964, Dr. David Henry is forced to deliver his wife Norah's twins with the help of a nurse, Caroline Gill. Their first child, a boy they name Paul, is born a healthy perfect child, but when the second baby is born, Phoebe, David notices she has Down syndrome. David, recalling the possibility of a heart defect and early death (which his younger sister June had had; dying at the young age of twelve) and decides that the baby girl will be placed in an institution.
Jason Morgan is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, General Hospital. Created by Thom Racina and Leah Laiman, he is most notably played by Daytime Emmy Award - winning actor Steve Burton, who joined the cast in 1991 and vacated the role in 2012. Jason was born offscreen in September 1981 and the character made his onscreen debut in November 1981 as the son of Dr. Alan Quartermaine (Stuart Damon) and his mistress, Susan Moore (Gail Ramsey), later adopted by Alan's wife Dr. Monica Quartermaine (Leslie Charleson). As one of the longest - running characters on the show, the role was played by various child actors from 1982 to 1986. In 2014, actor Billy Miller was cast in the role.
Somalia sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. The country's participation at Beijing marked its seventh in the Summer Olympics since its debut in 1972 Games. The delegation included two track and field athletes: sprinter Samiya Yuusf Omar and long-distance runner Abdinasir Said Ibrahim. Neither athlete progressed past the first round of their respective competitions. Omar's story, having trained in Mogadishu during the Somali Civil War, was covered by the media at the time, and later featured in a graphic novel following her death.
Kingdom of Denmark -- Christian IV (1588 -- 1648) Duchy of Schleswig -- Christian IV (1588 -- 1648) and John Adolphus (1590 -- 1616) in condominial rule Christian IV (1588 -- 1648) and Frederick III (1616 -- 1659) in condominial rule England - James I, King of England (1603 -- 1625) France - Louis XIII, King of France (1610 -- 1643) Holy Roman Empire -- Matthias, Holy Roman Emperor (1612 -- 1619) Bremen, Prince - Archbishopric -- John Frederick, Lutheran Administrator of the Prince - Archbishopric (1596 -- 1634) Holstein, Duchy -- Christian IV (1588 -- 1648) and John Adolphus (1590 -- 1616) in condominial rule Christian IV (1588 -- 1648) and Frederick III (1616 -- 1659) in condominial rule Prince - Bishopric of Lübeck -- John Frederick, Lutheran Administrator of the Prince - Bishopric (1607 -- 1634) Ottoman (Turkish) Empire -- Ahmed I, Ottoman Sultan (1603 -- 1617) Poland - Sigismund III Vasa, King of Poland (1587 -- 1632) Russia - Michael I, Tsar of Russia (1613 -- 1645) Kingdom of Scotland -- James VI (1587 -- 1625) Kingdom of Spain and Kingdom of Portugal and the Algarves -- Philip III of Spain and II of Portugal (1598 -- 1621) Sweden - Gustavus Adolphus (1611 -- 1632) United Provinces Estates of Friesland, Groningen, Guelders, Holland, Overijssel, Utrecht, Zeeland (1581 -- 1795) Stadtholder - Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange, Stadtholder of Gelre, Holland, Overijssel, Utrecht and Zeeland (1585 -- 1625) Grand Pensionary of Holland - Johan van Oldenbarnevelt (1586 -- 1619) Republic of Venice -- Giovanni Bembo, Doge of Venice (1615 -- 1618)
Sri Lanka as a co-host of the 1996 Cricket World Cup was the first host to win the tournament though the final was held in Pakistan. India won in 2011 as host and was the first team to win in a final played in their own country. Australia repeated the feat in 2015. England is the only other host to have made the final, in 1979. Other countries which have achieved or equalled their best World Cup results while co-hosting the tournament are New Zealand as finalists in 2015; Zimbabwe who reached the Super Six in 2003; and Kenya as semi-finalists in 2003. In 1987, co-hosts India and Pakistan both reached the semi-finals, but were eliminated by Australia and England respectively. Australia in 1992, England in 1999, South Africa in 2003, and Bangladesh in 2011 have been the host teams that were eliminated in the first round.
The first season of American Idol premiered on June 11, 2002 (under the full title American Idol: The Search for a Superstar) and continued until September 4, 2002. It was won by Kelly Clarkson. The first season was co-hosted by Ryan Seacrest and Brian Dunkleman, the latter of whom left the show after the season ended.
Menemsha is a small fishing village located in the town of Chilmark on the island of Martha's Vineyard in Dukes County, Massachusetts, United States. It is located on the east coast of Menemsha Pond, adjacent to the opening into the Vineyard Sound on the pond's northern end. The village's historic harbor serves as the point of departure for local fishermen, some from multi-generational fishing families, as well as charter boats to the Elizabeth Islands and elsewhere. Besides charter fishing and cruises, other amenities are the public beach adjacent to the harbor and the bicycle ferry across Menemsha Pond to Aquinnah. Menemsha is the location of a United States Coast Guard station, Coast Guard Station Menemsha, and was once known as Menemsha Creek. It was the shooting background for the fictional "Amity Island" of Steven Spielberg's 1975 film "Jaws".
Something Personal is an album by American jazz pianist Jack Wilson featuring performances recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1967.
The song "When Spirits Are Calling My Name" (original Swedish title "När vindarna viskar mitt namn", literally translated as "When the Winds Whisper My Name") was performed by Roger Pontare in the 2000 Eurovision Song Contest, in which Pontare represented Sweden.
Jacoba Francisca Maria ``Cobie ''Smulders (born April 3, 1982) is a Canadian actress and model. She is best known for her roles as Robin Scherbatsky on the television series How I Met Your Mother (2005 -- 2014) and Maria Hill in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
As of 2016, 81 tournaments have been staged. From 1920 to 1930, the Winter Olympic Games Ice Hockey Tournaments held counted as the World Championships and no tournaments in between were held. No championships were held from 1940 to 1946 due to World War II, nor during the Olympic years 1980, 1984 and 1988. Ten nations have won a gold medal at the World Championships and a total of fourteen have won medals. Canada has won 48 medals, the most of any nation. The Soviet Union, which began competing in 1954 and last competed in 1991, captured a medal in every tournament they entered. In winning the 2006 World Championships, Sweden became the first nation in sports history to win an Olympic gold as well as a separate World Championship in the same season.
The 2004 Rally Finland (formally the 54th Neste Rally Finland was the ninth round of the 2004 World Rally Championship season and was held between 6 and 8 August 2004. The rally was based in Jyväskylä. Peugeot's Marcus Grönholm won the race, his 16th win in the World Rally Championship.
Most of the U.S.'s taller dams are located in the west because of the steeper and more rugged topography. The tallest is Oroville Dam in northern California, a 770.5 - foot (234.8 m) embankment dam completed in 1968. Five of the ten highest dams in the U.S. are located in California. The Colorado, Columbia and Sacramento -- San Joaquin river systems contain the greatest number of high dams. In the eastern U.S., tall dams are less common because of the lesser vertical relief. The tallest dam in the eastern U.S. is 480 - foot (150 m) Fontana Dam in North Carolina, which ranks 20th in height among all U.S. dams.
The John and Elizabeth Shaw Sundy House is a historic home in Delray Beach, Florida, United States. It is located at 106 South Swinton Avenue. On January 16, 1992, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
On August 1, 2012, Windows 8 (build 9200) was released to manufacturing with the build number 6.2.9200.16384 . Microsoft planned to hold a launch event on October 25, 2012 and release Windows 8 for general availability on the next day. However, only a day after its release to manufacturing, a copy of the final version of Windows 8 Enterprise N (a version for European markets lacking bundled media players to comply with a court ruling) leaked online, followed by leaks of the final versions of Windows 8 Pro and Enterprise a few days later. On August 15, 2012, Windows 8 was made available to download for MSDN and TechNet subscribers. Windows 8 was made available to Software Assurance customers on August 16, 2012. Windows 8 was made available for students with a DreamSpark Premium subscription on August 22, 2012, earlier than advertised.
Controversy arose during the making of the film due to 20th Century Fox's bulldozing and landscaping of the natural beach setting of Ko Phi Phi Leh to make it more ``paradise - like ''. The production altered some sand dunes and cleared some coconut trees and grass to widen the beach. Fox set aside a fund to reconstruct and return the beach to its natural state; however, lawsuits were filed by environmentalists who believed the damage to the ecosystem was permanent and restoration attempts had failed. Following shooting of the film, there was a clear flat area at one end of the beach that was created artificially with an odd layout of trees which was never rectified, and the entire area remained damaged from the original state until the tsunami of 2004.
The Mercedes - Benz G - Class, sometimes called G - Wagen (short for Geländewagen, ``cross country vehicle ''), is a mid-size four - wheel drive luxury SUV manufactured by Magna Steyr (formerly Steyr - Daimler - Puch) in Austria and sold by Mercedes - Benz. In certain markets, it has been sold under the Puch name as Puch G. The G - wagen is characterised by its boxy styling and body - on - frame construction. It uses three fully locking differentials, one of the few vehicles to have such a feature. Despite the introduction of an intended replacement, the unibody SUV Mercedes - Benz GL - Class in 2006, the G - Class is still in production and is one of the longest produced Mercedes - Benz in Daimler's history, with a span of 35 years. Only the Unimog surpasses it.
France and the UK, the largest shareholders in the Suez Canal Company, saw its nationalization as yet another hostile measure aimed at them by the Egyptian government. Nasser was aware that the canal's nationalization would instigate an international crisis and believed the prospect of military intervention by the two countries was 80 per cent likely. He believed, however, that the UK would not be able to intervene militarily for at least two months after the announcement, and dismissed Israeli action as "impossible". In early October, the UN Security Council met on the matter of the canal's nationalization and adopted a resolution recognizing Egypt's right to control the canal as long as it continued to allow passage through it for foreign ships. According to Heikal, after this agreement, "Nasser estimated that the danger of invasion had dropped to 10 per cent". Shortly thereafter, however, the UK, France, and Israel made a secret agreement to take over the Suez Canal, occupy the Suez Canal zone, and topple Nasser.
Public transport is essential in New York City. 54.6% of New Yorkers commuted to work in 2005 using mass transit. This is in contrast to the rest of the United States, where about 90% of commuters drive automobiles to their workplace. According to the US Census Bureau, New York City residents spend an average of 38.4 minutes a day getting to work, the longest commute time in the nation among large cities. New York is the only US city in which a majority (52%) of households do not have a car; only 22% of Manhattanites own a car. Due to their high usage of mass transit, New Yorkers spend less of their household income on transportation than the national average, saving $19 billion annually on transportation compared to other urban Americans.
Trevor Charles Dark (born 29 January 1961) is a former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham City. He played as a winger.
Ballet is a 1995 American documentary film directed by Frederick Wiseman. It portrays rehearsals, choreography, performances, business transactions, and other day-to-day life of the American Ballet Theatre. Much of the footage dates from the 1992 season. It also includes scenes from the company's European tour, namely in Greece and Copenhagen.
However, at the state level, the pattern of split ticket voting and divided government holds. Democrats currently hold one of the state's U.S. Senate seats, as well as four of the five statewide offices (Governor, Superintendent of Public Instruction, Secretary of State and State Auditor). The lone congressional district has been Republican since 1996 and in 2014 Steve Daines won one of the state's Senate seats for the GOP. The Legislative branch had split party control between the house and senate most years between 2004 and 2010, when the mid-term elections returned both branches to Republican control. The state Senate is, as of 2015, controlled by the Republicans 29 to 21, and the State House of Representatives at 59 to 41.
Look Who's Talking is a 1989 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Amy Heckerling, and stars John Travolta and Kirstie Alley. Bruce Willis plays the voice of Mollie's son, Mikey. The film features George Segal as Albert, the illegitimate father of Mikey.
Have You Seen Drum Recently? is a 1989 film which uses photographs from the "Drum" archives to tell the story of the magazine and documents its contribution to the cultural and political life of South Africa.
Reykjavík is by far the largest and most populous settlement in Iceland. The municipality of Reykjavík had a population of 128,793 on 1 January 2019; that is 36% of the country's population. The Capital Region, which includes the capital and six municipalities around it, was home to 228,231 people; that is over 63% of the country's population.On 1 January 2018, of the city's population of 126,041, immigrants of the first and second generation numbered 20,910 (16.6%), increasing from 12,352 (10.4%) in 2008 and 3,106 (2.9%) in 1998.
Antarctica (US English i/æntˈɑːrktɪkə/, UK English /ænˈtɑːktɪkə/ or /ænˈtɑːtɪkə/ or /ænˈɑːtɪkə/)[Note 1] is Earth's southernmost continent, containing the geographic South Pole. It is situated in the Antarctic region of the Southern Hemisphere, almost entirely south of the Antarctic Circle, and is surrounded by the Southern Ocean. At 14,000,000 square kilometres (5,400,000 square miles), it is the fifth-largest continent in area after Asia, Africa, North America, and South America. For comparison, Antarctica is nearly twice the size of Australia. About 98% of Antarctica is covered by ice that averages 1.9 km (1.2 mi; 6,200 ft) in thickness, which extends to all but the northernmost reaches of the Antarctic Peninsula.
WWNQ is a radio station licensed to Forest Acres, South Carolina, serving the Columbia, South Carolina market. Owned by Midlands Media Group LLC, the station broadcasts a country music format branded as 94.3 The Dude.
``Baby Can I Hold You ''Single by Tracy Chapman from the album Tracy Chapman B - side`` Across The Lines'' ``If Not Now... ''`` Mountains O 'Things'' (Live) Released October 1, 1988 Genre Folk Length 3: 14 Label Elektra / Asylum Records Songwriter (s) Tracy Chapman Producer (s) David Kershenbaum Tracy Chapman singles chronology ``Talkin' 'bout a Revolution ''(1988)`` Baby Can I Hold You'' (1988) ``Crossroads ''(1989)`` Talkin' 'bout a Revolution'' (1988) ``Baby Can I Hold You ''(1988)`` Crossroads'' (1989) ``Wedding Song ''(2000) Wedding Song2000`` Baby Can I Hold You'' (2001) (Re-release) Baby Can I Hold You2001 ``You're the One ''(2002) You're the One2002
The 3 Sounds is an album by American pianist Gene Harris recorded in 1971 and released on the Blue Note label. Although it is titled after Harris' group The Three Sounds the album is usually recognised as a solo effort as none of the other original members of the group participated in the recording.
"By Your Side" is a song by the English musician James Cottriall, from his second studio album "Love Is Louder". It was released in Austria as a digital download on 20 May 2011. It entered the Austrian Singles Chart at number 31, and has peaked to number 24. The song was produced by Doug Petty.
Batson is an unincorporated community located on State Highway 105 in southwestern Hardin County, Texas, United States. It is part of the Beaumont–Port Arthur Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Three other efforts to improve regulation of international pesticide trade are the United Nations London Guidelines for the Exchange of Information on Chemicals in International Trade and the United Nations Codex Alimentarius Commission.[citation needed] The former seeks to implement procedures for ensuring that prior informed consent exists between countries buying and selling pesticides, while the latter seeks to create uniform standards for maximum levels of pesticide residues among participating countries. Both initiatives operate on a voluntary basis.
Lucy Neal Dahl (born 4 August 1965) is a British screenwriter and daughter of British author Roald Dahl and American actress Patricia Neal.
Nicolae Ceaușescu (Romanian: (nikoˈla. e t͡ʃe̯a. uˈʃesku) (listen); 26 January 1918 -- 25 December 1989) was a Romanian Communist politician. He was general secretary of the Romanian Communist Party from 1965 to 1989, and hence the second and last Communist leader of Romania. He was also the country's head of state from 1967, serving as President of the State Council, from 1974 concurrently as President of the Republic, until his overthrow in the Romanian Revolution in 1989.
Fényi is a small lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies near the southern edge of the huge, braided skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Orientale impact Basin to the north. Less than two crater diameters to the southwest is the much larger crater Mendel.
Niagara: Miracles, Myths and Magic is a 1986 IMAX film directed and produced by Kieth Merrill. The film, currently shown hourly at Niagara Falls State Park's Adventure Theater on the American side of the border and multiple times daily (for a fee) at the IMAX Theatre located on the Canadian side of the border, shows the history of the Niagara Falls, dating back to the earliest legends.
Clair Engle (September 21, 1911July 30, 1964) was an American politician of the Democratic Party and a United States Senator from California. He is best remembered for participating in the vote breaking the filibuster of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in the US Senate while partially paralyzed and unable to speak, shortly before his death from a brain tumor.
Select Records is an American record label. Among its most popular acts were the Real Roxanne, Chubb Rock, AMG, The Jerky Boys, Kid 'n Play, UTFO, Whistle, and Gary Private. From 1990 to 1995, it had a distribution deal with Elektra Records and is still distributed by the Warner Music Group's Alternative Distribution Alliance. It also had a dance-music sub-label called Active Records.
Everything Will Be OK is a 2006 animated short film by Don Hertzfeldt. It is the first chapter of a three-part story about a man named Bill. Hertzfeldt released the second film in the series, titled "I Am So Proud of You", in 2008. The final chapter, "It's Such a Beautiful Day," was released in 2011. The entire three-part story was then edited together and released as a seamless feature film in 2012, also titled "It's Such a Beautiful Day."
In 2007, Mattel introduced a two - tiered Treasure Hunt system. A regular Treasure Hunt will feature normal enamel paint and normal wheels like other Hot Wheels cars. The production of these is rumored to be greater than previous T - Hunts. ``Super ''Treasure Hunts are much harder to find. Like Treasure Hunts of the past, a Super Treasure Hunt features premium wheels and Spectraflame paint, as well as (starting in 2015), a golden - colored circle - flame logo printed on the card behind the car. Many Hot Wheels Collectors have noticed in recent times that the US Basic mixes are more likely to have a Super Treasure Hunt in them compared to International Mixes.
The Bristol 406 was a luxury car produced between 1958 and 1961 by British manufacturer Bristol Aeroplane Co. Their cars were constructed to very high engineering standards and were intended to be long-lasting to justify their very high price. Buyers might arrange considerable changes to the specification of their own particular vehicle. Bristol Aeroplane's car division later became Bristol Cars.
The club has been a member of the Premier League for all but three years of the competition's history, spending 85 seasons in the top tier as of May 2016, and has never dropped below English football's second tier since joining the Football League in 1893. They have won four League Championship titles, six FA Cups and a Charity Shield, as well as the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup and the 2006 UEFA Intertoto Cup. Newcastle United has the ninth highest total of trophies won by an English club. The club's most successful period was between 1904 and 1910, when they won an FA Cup and three of their First Division titles. The club were highly successful in the Premier League in the 1990s and early 2000s without winning any trophies, but have been mostly struggling since the 2006 -- 07 season, and were relegated in 2009 and 2016. They returned to the Premiership for the 2017 -- 18 season after winning the Championship title the preceding year.
Kendall Green was a census-designated place (CDP) in Broward County, Florida, United States, and is now a neighborhood of Pompano Beach, Florida. The population was 3,084 at the 2000 census.
Carl Maria von Weber wrote his Clarinet Concerto No. 2 in E major, Op. 74, J. 118 in 1811, and premiered on December 25, 1813. It is composed of three movements:
To keep the show going, Lorne Michaels upgraded many of the show's writers to featured cast member status: Peter Aykroyd (Dan's brother), Jim Downey, Brian Doyle-Murray (Bill's brother), Don Novello, Tom Schiller and Alan Zweibel. Band leader Paul Shaffer also joined the cast, becoming the first person from the "SNL" band to become a cast member. Harry Shearer joined the show as a featured cast member and was promoted to repertory status during the season.
Crystal is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances recorded in 1987 and released on the Atlantic label.
Anyone involved in education should be concerned about how overemphasis on the SAT is distorting educational priorities and practices, how the test is perceived by many as unfair, and how it can have a devastating impact on the self-esteem and aspirations of young students. There is widespread agreement that overemphasis on the SAT harms American education.
Ramose and the Tomb Robbers is a 2003 historical novel by British-born Australian author Carole Wilkinson. It is set in ancient Egypt.
Marco Brambilla is a Milan-born, New York City-based video collage and installation artist, known for his elaborate recontextualizations of popular and found imagery, which Vanity Fair has called "critiques and masterpieces of visual overload."
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory Theatrical release poster Directed by Mel Stuart Produced by Stan Margulies David L. Wolper Screenplay by Roald Dahl Based on Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl Starring Gene Wilder Jack Albertson Peter Ostrum Roy Kinnear Julie Dawn Cole Leonard Stone Denise Nickerson Dodo Denney Paris Themmen Music by Leslie Bricusse Anthony Newley Walter Scharf Cinematography Arthur Ibbetson Edited by David Saxon Production company Wolper Pictures The Quaker Oats Company Distributed by Paramount Pictures Release date June 30, 1971 (1971 - 06 - 30) (United States) Running time 99 minutes Country United States Language English Budget $3 million Box office $4 million
On the other hand, Orthodox Jews subscribing to Modern Orthodoxy in its American and UK incarnations, tend to be far more right-wing than both non-orthodox and other orthodox Jews. While the overwhelming majority of non-Orthodox American Jews are on average strongly liberal and supporters of the Democratic Party, the Modern Orthodox subgroup of Orthodox Judaism tends to be far more conservative, with roughly half describing themselves as political conservatives, and are mostly Republican Party supporters. Modern Orthodox Jews, compared to both the non-Orthodox American Jewry and the Haredi and Hasidic Jewry, also tend to have a stronger connection to Israel due to their attachment to Zionism.
Togo (), officially the Togolese Republic (), is a country in West Africa bordered by Ghana to the west, Benin to the east and Burkina Faso to the north. The sovereign state extends south to the Gulf of Guinea, where its capital Lomé is located. Togo covers , making it one of the smallest countries in Africa, with a population of approximately /1e6 round 1 million.
On 9 July 2006, during Mass at Valencia's Cathedral, Our Lady of the Forsaken Basilica, Pope Benedict XVI used, at the World Day of Families, the Santo Caliz, a 1st-century Middle-Eastern artifact that some Catholics believe is the Holy Grail. It was supposedly brought to that church by Emperor Valerian in the 3rd century, after having been brought by St. Peter to Rome from Jerusalem. The Santo Caliz (Holy Chalice) is a simple, small stone cup. Its base was added in Medieval Times and consists of fine gold, alabaster and gem stones.
The Volkswagen Polo Mk2 is the second generation of the Volkswagen Polo supermini. It was produced from late 1981 until 1994. It received a major facelift in 1990 and was available in three different body styles, including a distinctive ""kammback""-styled hatchback. The sedan version received the name of Volkswagen Derby.
``I'm Gonna Love You Through It ''is a song written by Ben Hayslip, Sonya Isaacs and Jimmy Yeary and recorded by American country music artist Martina McBride. It was released in July 2011 as the second single from her album Eleven. On November 30, 2011, the song received a nomination at the 54th Grammy Awards for Best Country Solo Performance.
Adam's Rib is a 1949 American romantic comedy film directed by George Cukor from a screenplay written by Ruth Gordon and Garson Kanin. It stars Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn as married lawyers who come to oppose each other in court. Judy Holliday co-stars as the third lead in her second credited movie role. The music was composed by Miklós Rózsa, except for the song "Farewell, Amanda", which was written by Cole Porter.
The Storvreta Innebandyklubb or Storvreta IBK, is a floorball club based in Storvreta, Sweden. The men's team plays in Sweden's highest floorball league, the SSL. They won the Swedish national championship in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2016, 2018 and 2019.
Larry David Norman (April 8, 1947 – February 24, 2008) was an American musician, singer, songwriter, record label owner, and record producer. He is considered to be one of the pioneers of Christian rock music, and released more than 100 albums.
The Message: The Bible in Contemporary Language was created and translated by Eugene H. Peterson and published in segments from 1993 to 2002. It is an idiomatic translation of the original languages of the Bible. The Message was translated by Peterson from the original languages. It is a highly idiomatic translation, using contemporary slang from the US rather than a more neutral International English, and it falls on the extreme dynamic end of the dynamic and formal equivalence spectrum.
In 1983, the building was purchased by the Watch Tower Society for use as a convention and assembly hall for Jehovah's Witnesses. Thousands of Witness volunteers worked over a nine - month period to renovate the theater. Beginning in October 2012, the theater underwent further renovation by over 2,000 Witness volunteers from across the United States.
The gorge of is a nationally designated Place of Scenic Beauty spanning the municipalities of Kusu and Nakatsu in Ōita Prefecture, Japan. Located within Yaba-Hita-Hikosan Quasi-National Park, it was selected as one of the 100 Landscapes of Japan during the Shōwa era.
The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo (Tratado de Guadalupe Hidalgo in Spanish), officially entitled the Treaty of Peace, Friendship, Limits and Settlement between the United States of America and the Mexican Republic, is the peace treaty signed on February 2, 1848, in the Villa de Guadalupe Hidalgo (now a neighborhood of Mexico City) between the United States and Mexico that ended the Mexican -- American War (1846 -- 48). The treaty came into force on July 4, 1848.
Schlage (pronounced ) is a lock manufacturer founded in 1920 by Walter Schlage. Schlage was headquartered in San Francisco from its inception until it relocated to Colorado Springs, Colorado in 1997. Schlage also produces high-security key and cylinder lines, Primus, Everest, and Everest Primus XP. Schlage is one of the most popular brands of consumer and commercial locks in the United States.
I'm a Fire is the third studio album by American country music artist David Nail. It was released on March 4, 2014 via MCA Nashville. The album garnered a positive reception from critics praising the production and lyrical content synchronizing with Nail's vocal delivery. "I'm a Fire" debuted at numbers 3 and 13 on both the Top Country Albums and "Billboard" 200 charts respectively and spawned two singles: "Whatever She's Got" and "Kiss You Tonight".
Louis, Duke of Burgundy and later Dauphin of France (16 August 1682 – 18 February 1712) was the eldest son of Louis, Grand Dauphin, and father of Louis XV, and briefly heir-apparent to the throne from his father's death in April 1711 to his own death 10 months later. Until he became the official Dauphin of France upon his father's death in 1711, he was known as Le Petit Dauphin to distinguish him from his father, who was known as "le Grand Dauphin". His legitimate male progeny died out in 1883.
During the mid-19th century, there was a policy disagreement between the British and the colonial governments. The British wanted all the colonies to continue to use sterling, to facilitate trade within the Empire. The Canadian colonies, both in the east and British Columbia, increasingly favoured linking their currencies to the US dollar, given the strong local trade links. Eventually, the local trade won out and the Canadian colonies migrated to currencies linked to the US dollar.
IBM announced it will launch its new software, called "Open Client Offering" which is to run on Linux, Microsoft Windows and Apple's Mac OS X. The company states that its new product allows businesses to offer employees a choice of using the same software on Windows and its alternatives. This means that "Open Client Offering" is to cut costs of managing whether to use Linux or Apple relative to Windows. There will be no necessity for companies to pay Microsoft for its licenses for operating systems since the operating systems will no longer rely on software which is Windows-based. One alternative to Microsoft's office document formats is the Open Document Format software, whose development IBM supports. It is going to be used for several tasks like: word processing, presentations, along with collaboration with Lotus Notes, instant messaging and blog tools as well as an Internet Explorer competitor – the Mozilla Firefox web browser. IBM plans to install Open Client on 5% of its desktop PCs. The Linux offering has been made available as the IBM Client for Smart Work product on the Ubuntu and Red Hat Enterprise Linux platforms.
"Please Remember Me" is a song co-written by American country music artists Rodney Crowell and Will Jennings. Originally recorded by Crowell for his 1995 album "Jewel of the South", his version was released as its lead (and only) single and peaked at number 69 on the "Billboard" country chart in early June.
Ek Kunwari Ek Kunwara is a 1973 Bollywood drama film directed by Prakash Mehra. The film stars Leena Chandavarkar, Rakesh Roshan, Pran, Kumkum and Rajendra Nath. Two of the songs namely, "Agar Dil Hamara Sheeshe Ke Badle Patthar Ka Hota", sung by Kishore Kumar and "Chal Diye Tum Kahan", sung by Rafi and Asha are still popular. The film had a nice story and good acting by main cast Pran, Leena, Rakesh Roshan and Kumkum, and did well at the box office.
Public and private schools in Hyderabad are governed by the Central Board of Secondary Education and follow a "10+2+3" plan. About two-thirds of pupils attend privately run institutions. Languages of instruction include English, Hindi, Telugu and Urdu. Depending on the institution, students are required to sit the Secondary School Certificate or the Indian Certificate of Secondary Education. After completing secondary education, students enroll in schools or junior colleges with a higher secondary facility. Admission to professional graduation colleges in Hyderabad, many of which are affiliated with either Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad (JNTUH) or Osmania University (OU), is through the Engineering Agricultural and Medical Common Entrance Test (EAM-CET).
On May 10, 2017, ABC canceled Last Man Standing after six seasons, despite the series being the second most - watched ABC sitcom during the 2016 -- 17 season (based on Live + 7 figures), with ratings remaining mostly steady during its sixth season. A rep for 20th Century Fox TV said cancellation decisions are made by ABC. ``This was a scheduling decision, ''wrote Jori Arancio, senior vice president of ABC Entertainment and ABC Studios. ABC and its production partner for the show, 20th Century Fox TV, typically negotiate licensing fees prior to each season; however, the network decided to cancel the show without doing so. Also, the contract between 20th Century Fox Television and ABC for the show, in which 20th Century Fox Television covered the cost of production, had expired after six seasons. Had the series been renewed for a seventh season, ABC would have been required to pick up Last Man Standing's production costs, which the network was unwilling to do.
It is located entirely within the county of Cumbria, and all the land in England higher than 3,000 feet (910 m) above sea level lies within the National Park, including Scafell Pike, the highest mountain in England. It also contains the deepest and longest bodies of water in England, respectively Wast Water and Windermere.
Congaree National Park is a American national park in central South Carolina. The park received its official designation in 2003 as the culmination of a grassroots campaign that began in 1969. The park preserves the largest tract of old growth bottomland hardwood forest left in the United States. The lush trees growing in its floodplain forest are some of the tallest in the eastern United States, forming one of the highest temperate deciduous forest canopies remaining in the world. The Congaree River flows through the park. About are designated as a wilderness area.
Trelles is one of seven parishes (administrative divisions) in the Coaña municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Friends with Benefits is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Will Gluck, and starring Justin Timberlake and Mila Kunis in the lead roles. The film features Patricia Clarkson, Jenna Elfman, Bryan Greenberg, Nolan Gould, Richard Jenkins, and Woody Harrelson in supporting roles. The plot revolves around Dylan Harper (Timberlake) and Jamie Rellis (Kunis), who meet in New York City, and naively believe adding sex to their friendship will not lead to complications. Over time, they begin to develop deep mutual feelings for each other, only to deny it each time they are together.
Of the 47 AFC member associations, a total of 44 teams entered the competition. The final tournament hosts Thailand decided to participate in qualification despite having automatically qualified for the final tournament.
Peel, widely regarded as the father of modern policing, was heavily influenced by the social and legal philosophy of Jeremy Bentham, who called for a strong and centralized, but politically neutral, police force for the maintenance of social order, for the protection of people from crime and to act as a visible deterrent to urban crime and disorder. Peel decided to standardise the police force as an official paid profession, to organise it in a civilian fashion, and to make it answerable to the public.
A 6'9" (2.06 m) forward/center from the University of South Carolina, Boswell played six seasons (1975–1980;1983–1984) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Boston Celtics, Denver Nuggets, and Utah Jazz. He averaged 7.7 points per game in his NBA career and won an NBA Championship with Boston in 1976.
San Phi Suea () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Mai District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a total population of 8,466 people. The "tambon" contains 9 villages.
Doc Martin is a British comedy - drama that has aired on ITV since 2004, with a first season of six episodes. The episode number for the second series increased to eight. This was followed by a special bonus TV film and a third series of seven episodes. The next four series aired eight episodes each. Therefore, 54 episodes (from the series plus the stand - alone TV Film) have aired so far.
The Đakovo Cathedral or Cathedral basilica of St. Peter () is the cathedral of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Đakovo-Osijek in Đakovo, Croatia.
Bridge in Clinton Township is a historic Pratt through truss bridge located in Clinton Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania. It was built by the Smith Bridge Company of Toledo, Ohio in 1887. It measures and crosses the Scrubgrass Creek.
Biltmore Records was a United States based record label active from 1949 through 1951. The label was headquartered in New York City. Biltmore Records were often reissues of recordings no longer in the catalogues of other labels. When RCA Victor found out that Biltmore were making unauthorized reissues of material originally recorded by Victor, they sued Biltmore, putting Biltmore out of business.
Andreas Strand (February 3, 1889 – April 19, 1958) was a Norwegian gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics. As a member of the Norwegian team, he won the silver medal in the gymnastics team event in 1908.
The Cliffside Lake Recreation Area is located in Nantahala National Forest in the Appalachian Mountains of North Carolina. It offers both fishing and swimming and is less than ten miles northwest of Highlands, North Carolina on State Road 28.
Pikes Peak Ocean to Ocean Highway was an early coast-to-coast highway in the United States. Begun early in 1912 the route went from New York City to Los Angeles. It was in direct competition with the Lincoln Highway and the National Old Trails Road. It route markers were marked PP-OO.
Kenneth Williams (25 films, and co-presenting That's Carry On!) played a range of character types, nearly always a lead character. Early roles were rather strait - laced, he then sometimes played his snide character: quite slimy and smarmy with a distinctive nasal voice. Later the haughty, proud and easily outraged elitist became more frequent and Williams' best known character type. Williams sometimes played characters of other nationalities, such as in Up the Khyber. In some roles, when not actually playing his role in snide mode, Williams might deliver a single joke using his snide voice. A running gag in many of the films was that Williams' character would be embroiled in an extra-marital affair with that of Hattie Jacques -- this plot device was used to greatest effect in the hospital based films, which gave rise to Williams' famous catchphrase ``ohhh Matron! ''.
"For You" is a song written and recorded by Bruce Springsteen in 1972 for his debut album "Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J.", released in 1973. It was later included on the compilation album "The Essential Bruce Springsteen". The song has been covered by Manfred Mann's Earth Band, The Format, and Greg Kihn.
Ban Pha Tang or Ban Phatang is a small town in Vientiane Province, Laos. It is located north along Route 13 from Vang Vieng, north of Ban Pakpo, on the bank of the Nam Song River. From Ban Pha Tang, the road climbs steeply to Ban Phahom, Ban Thieng and Muang Kasi. Lonely Planet describes it as a "pretty riverside village named after Pha Tang, a towering limestone cliff. The town's bridge offers a very photogenic view of its namesake." Phatang Resort lies to the south of the settlement.
Jag tror på sommaren is a summertime song written by Stig Olin, and recorded by Mats Olin and released as a single in 1967. The Mats Olin recording beame a Svensktoppen hit for 12 weeks between 21 May-6 August 1967.
Caesar Must Die () is a 2012 Italian drama film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani. The film competed at the 62nd Berlin International Film Festival where it won the Golden Bear. The film is set in Rebibbia Prison (suburb of Rome), and follows convicts in their rehearsals ahead of a prison performance of "Julius Caesar".
The Abovyan mine is a large mine in the center of Armenia in Kotayk Province. Abovyan represents one of the largest iron reserve in Armenia having estimated reserves of 255 million tonnes of ore grading 40% iron.
Nanjing has been the educational centre in southern China for more than 1700 years. There are 75 institutions of higher learning till 2013. The number of National key laboratories, National key disciplines and the academicians of Chinese Academy of Sciences and Chinese Academy of Engineering all rank third in the nation. It boasts some of the most prominent educational institutions in the region, some of which are listed as follows:
The district served most of Maben and the town of Sturgis in the West Oktibbeha County Elementary (Pre-K-6) and High Schools (7-12) as well as several communities in the western parts of the county not in the Starkville City School District. The East Oktibbeha County Elementary (K-6) and High Schools (7-12) served the communities in the eastern parts of Oktibbeha county not included in the Starkville City School District. OCSD was taken over the state twice due to academic failure and mismanagement, and the state proposed several times that it should be merged with the SSD. In 2013, the Mississippi Legislature passed a bill requiring that all Oktibbeha County schools be merged into the Starkville School District. In the implementation of this plan, East Oktibbeha Elementary was closed because its location would have resulted in a school that was over 90% black.
The Goodrich Corporation, formerly the B.F. Goodrich Company, was an American aerospace manufacturing company based in Charlotte, North Carolina. Founded in Akron, Ohio in 1870 as Goodrich, Tew & Co. by Dr. Benjamin Franklin Goodrich. The company name was changed to the ``B.F. Goodrich Company ''in 1880, to BFGoodrich in the 1980s, and to`` Goodrich Corporation'' in 2001.
ISO 3166 is a standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) that defines codes for the names of countries, dependent territories, special areas of geographical interest, and their principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states). The official name of the standard is Codes for the representation of names of countries and their subdivisions.
Sabkhat Ghuzayyil is Libya's lowest point at 47 meters (154 feet) below sea level, and is just southeast of the Gulf of Sidra. It is located in the Al Wahat District of the Cyrenaica region in northeastern Libya.
if(we) is a social and mobile technology company based in San Francisco, California. and owned by The Meet Group. It was originally known as Tagged Inc. and owns and operates social networks Tagged.com and Hi5.com and animated iOS messaging app Nod.
The Bell Huey family of helicopters includes a wide range of civil and military aircraft produced since 1956 by Bell Helicopter. This H-1 family of aircraft includes the utility UH-1 Iroquois and the derivative AH-1 Cobra attack helicopter series and ranges from the XH-40 prototype, first flown in October 1956 to the 21st century UH-1Y Venom and AH-1Z Viper.
Sir Charles Wilkins, KH, FRS (1749 -- 13 May 1836), was an English typographer and Orientalist, and founding member of The Asiatic Society. He is notable as the first translator of Bhagavad Gita into English, and as the creator, alongside Panchanan Karmakar, of the first Bengali typeface. In 1788, Wilkins was elected a member of the Royal Society.
Muhammad Amin Ibn Abidin (1198–1252 AH / 1783–1836 AD) also known as Imam Ibn Abidin ash-shami was a prominent Islamic scholar and Jurist who lived in the city of Damascus in Syria during the Ottoman era. He was the authority of the fiqh (Islamic jurisprudence) of the Hanafi madhhab (school of law). He was a state employee with the title of Amin al-fatwa. This meant that he was the mufti that people would go to when they had legal questions in Damascus. He composed over 50 works consisting of a major fatwa (legal statement) collection, many treatises, poems, and several commentaries on the works of others.
Kim Il-sung Stadium is the name of a large multi-purpose stadium located in Pyongyang, the capital city of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Willie Nelson (born April 20, 1987 in Cleveland, Ohio) is a professional boxer. He holds the NABF Intercontinental Super Welterweight title. On June 19, 2010 Willie knocked out title contender Jesse Feliciano.
Marcus Osmond Smart (born March 6, 1994) is an American professional basketball player for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Oklahoma State Cowboys before being drafted with the sixth overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft.
Roger Federer achieved his record eighth Wimbledon and 19th Grand Slam men's singles title, defeating Marin Čilić in the final, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 1, 6 -- 4. Federer thus became the only male player to win the Wimbledon singles title eight times, as well as only the second man in the Open era, after Björn Borg in 1976, to win Wimbledon without losing a set. This was Federer's 70th appearance at a Grand Slam, tying the record for male players and a record - breaking 11th men's singles final at the same Grand Slam tournament. In addition, by virtue of his third - round win over Mischa Zverev, Federer won his 317th Grand Slam singles match, surpassing Serena Williams' record of 316 match wins and giving him the all - time record for the most Grand Slam singles wins by any player, male or female. The tournament marked the fifth time that Nadal and Federer won the French Open and Wimbledon respectively in the same year.
Far Cry is a first-person shooter video game developed by Crytek and published by Ubisoft. The game was released for Microsoft Windows on March 23, 2004. It is the first installment in the "Far Cry" series, followed by 2008's "Far Cry 2".
Dance with the Wind (; "Baramui jeonseol") is a 2004 South Korean film starring Lee Sung-jae and Park Sol-mi, and is the directorial debut of Park Jung-woo. The story is adapted from a 1999 book by novelist Ji Seong-sa.
The dynasty regrouped and defeated the Portuguese in 1613 and Siam in 1614. It restored a smaller, more manageable kingdom, encompassing Lower Myanmar, Upper Myanmar, Shan states, Lan Na and upper Tenasserim. The Restored Toungoo kings created a legal and political framework whose basic features would continue well into the 19th century. The crown completely replaced the hereditary chieftainships with appointed governorships in the entire Irrawaddy valley, and greatly reduced the hereditary rights of Shan chiefs. Its trade and secular administrative reforms built a prosperous economy for more than 80 years. From the 1720s onward, the kingdom was beset with repeated Meithei raids into Upper Myanmar and a nagging rebellion in Lan Na. In 1740, the Mon of Lower Myanmar founded the Restored Hanthawaddy Kingdom. Hanthawaddy forces sacked Ava in 1752, ending the 266-year-old Toungoo Dynasty.
The main Republic Day celebration is held in the national capital, New Delhi, at the Rajpath before the President of India. On this day, ceremonious parades take place at the Rajpath, which are performed as a tribute to India; its unity in diversity and rich cultural heritage.
Her father is actor Bill Mumy. Among his many roles, her father appeared as a child in the 1961 The Twilight Zone episode ``It's a Good Life '', and Liliana appeared with her father, as his child, in the revival series' 2003 sequel episode`` It's Still a Good Life''. She currently voices Beth Tezuka, in the animated web series Bravest Warriors and Leni Loud in the Nickelodeon TV series The Loud House, and has been joined by her father on some episodes of both shows.
Games played 43 (38 Premier League) (2 FA Cup) (3 League Cup) Games won 25 (23 Premier League) (0 FA Cup) (2 League Cup) Games drawn 12 (12 Premier League) (1 FA Cup) (1 League Cup) Games lost 4 (3 Premier League) (1 FA Cup) Goals scored 76 (67 Premier League) (2 FA Cup) (7 League Cup) Goals conceded 42 (35 Premier League) (4 FA Cup) (3 League Cup) Goal difference + 34 (+ 32 Premier League) (- 2 FA Cup) (+ 4 League Cup) Clean sheets 14 (14 Premier League) Most appearances 42 Appearances (Marc Albrighton) Top scorer 24 Goals (Jamie Vardy) Winning Percentage Overall: 21 / 36 (58.33%)
After World War II, under a Communist regime set up by the conquering Soviets, the "Bricks for Warsaw" campaign was initiated, and large prefabricated housing projects were erected in Warsaw to address the housing shortage, along with other typical buildings of an Eastern Bloc city, such as the Palace of Culture and Science, a gift from the Soviet Union. The city resumed its role as the capital of Poland and the country's centre of political and economic life. Many of the historic streets, buildings, and churches were restored to their original form. In 1980, Warsaw's historic Old Town was inscribed onto UNESCO's World Heritage list.
Mary, the only surviving legitimate child of James V of Scotland, was six days old when her father died and she acceded to the throne. She spent most of her childhood in France while Scotland was ruled by regents, and in 1558, she married the Dauphin of France, Francis. He ascended the French throne as King Francis II in 1559, and Mary briefly became queen consort of France, until his death in December 1560. Widowed, Mary returned to Scotland, arriving in Leith on 19 August 1561. Four years later, she married her first cousin, Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley, but their union was unhappy. In February 1567, his residence was destroyed by an explosion, and Darnley was found murdered in the garden.
``Broken ''was co-written by co-creators Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz, while being directed by V veteran Ralph Hemecker. With the curse broken in the first season finale, the writers felt that they could now go farther with each of the characters. In an attempt to instill a`` whole different vibe'' into the series, they envisioned a larger ambition than the previous season. Horowitz explained, ``We have been allowed to do more at the start of the (season). Without addressing the budget, everybody at the studio is on board with this as a big - canvas show... A lot of it actually is the learning - curve aspect of season 1, where we figured out what we can do and how to do it well. We learned how to maximize our bang for our buck. The biggest key is time. If we can figure out our stories far enough in advance, the more time our effects team and department heads will have. ''
Shaili Chopra was born in Jalandhar on 21 July 1981 in Punjab to Anil and Suman. Anil Chopra is a retired fighter pilot from Indian Air Force. In 1998, Chopra finished her schooling from Air Force Golden Jubilee Institute, New Delhi. Chopra finished her master's degree in Broadcast and Television from 2002 batch, The Asian College of Journalism, Chennai. She trained in broadcast with the BBC at journalism school. She has worked at CNBC, NDTV and ETNOW.
Hall of Famer Kareem Abdul - Jabbar holds the record for most All - Star Game selections and most All - Star Games played. He was selected 19 times and played in 18 All - Star games. Dirk Nowitzki and LeBron James both hold the record for most All - Star Game selections among active players, with 13 selections. Bob Cousy, John Havlicek, and LeBron James are tied for the most consecutive games actually played, appearing in 13 straight All - Star Games. Tim Duncan also played in 13 straight All - Star Games if the lockout - cancelled 1999 game is excluded. Several players were named to All - Star Game rosters, but never actually played in the game due to injury.
Bussen Trafikkselskap was a Norwegian bus company that operated the "yellow" city bus in Kristiansand and surrounding areas Vennesla, Søgne and Songdalen. The company had about 300 employees and operates on contract with Vest-Agder Kollektivtrafikk. Nettbuss Sør (blue buses) took over the local buses in Kristiansand 01.01.2011.
Jane Stafford (1899–1991) was an American medical writer and chemist. She wrote a nationally syndicated newspaper column called "Your Health - Here's How" and worked for Science Service. She wrote about cancer, polio, heart disease, influenza, sexually transmitted disease, and vitamins.
When the Batavian Republic was created in 1795, the Lordship of Frisia was abolished as a relic of the Ancien Régime.
The Impeachment of Andrew Johnson occurred in 1868, when the United States House of Representatives resolved to impeach President Andrew Johnson, adopting eleven articles of impeachment detailing his ``high crimes and misdemeanors, ''in accordance with Article Two of the United States Constitution. The House's primary charge against Johnson was with violation of the Tenure of Office Act, passed by Congress the previous year. Specifically, he had removed Edwin McMasters Stanton, the Secretary of War, whom the Tenure of Office Act was largely designed to protect, from office and attempted to replace him with Brevet Major General Lorenzo Thomas. Contrary to popular belief, Johnson was not impeached for temporarily replacing Stanton with General Ulysses Grant earlier while Congress was not in session.
Windows 8 is available in three different editions, of which the lowest version, branded simply as Windows 8, and Windows 8 Pro, were sold at retail in most countries, and as pre-loaded software on new computers. Each edition of Windows 8 includes all of the capabilities and features of the edition below it, and add additional features oriented towards their market segments. For example, Pro added BitLocker, Hyper-V, the ability to join a domain, and the ability to install Windows Media Center as a paid add-on. Users of Windows 8 can purchase a "Pro Pack" license that upgrades their system to Windows 8 Pro through Add features to Windows. This license also includes Windows Media Center. Windows 8 Enterprise contains additional features aimed towards business environments, and is only available through volume licensing. A port of Windows 8 for ARM architecture, Windows RT, is marketed as an edition of Windows 8, but was only included as pre-loaded software on devices specifically developed for it.
Twelve Days of Christmas The Adoration of the Magi. Fresco in the Lower Church of the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi in Assisi, Italy Observed by Christians Type Christian Observances Varies by denomination, culture, and nation Date 25 December -- 5 January, inclusive Frequency annual Related to Christmas Day, Christmastide, Twelfth Night, Epiphany, and Epiphanytide
Churfirsten is a mountain range in the Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland. They form the natural boundary between the canton's Toggenburg and Sarganserland districts.
The Java Class Library is the standard library, developed to support application development in Java. It is controlled by Sun Microsystems in cooperation with others through the Java Community Process program. Companies or individuals participating in this process can influence the design and development of the APIs. This process has been a subject of controversy during the 2010's. The class library contains features such as:
In general, USB cables have only plugs on their ends, while hosts and devices have only receptacles. Hosts almost universally have Type-A receptacles, while devices have one or another Type-B variety. Type-A plugs mate only with Type-A receptacles, and the same applies to their Type-B counterparts; they are deliberately physically incompatible. However, an extension to the USB standard specification called USB On-The-Go (OTG) allows a single port to act as either a host or a device, which is selectable by the end of the cable that plugs into the receptacle on the OTG-enabled unit. Even after the cable is hooked up and the units are communicating, the two units may "swap" ends under program control. This capability is meant for units such as PDAs in which the USB link might connect to a PC's host port as a device in one instance, yet connect as a host itself to a keyboard and mouse device in another instance.
LCC Air Volga () was an airline headquartered in Volgograd, Russia, operating scheduled passenger flights as well as holiday charters out of its base at Volgograd International Airport.
The two terms are commonly used in the United States to describe members and nominees to the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, who have major influence on United States monetary policy both as Federal Reserve Governors and as members of the Federal Open Market Committee. The terms are also used outside of the United States, in places such as the United Kingdom and India. The term ``pigeon ''has been used to describe individuals who take positions between those of hawks and doves, although the term`` centrist'' is also used.
Lead Run is a tributary of East Branch Fishing Creek in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania. It is approximately long and flows through Davidson Township. Its watershed has an area of . The stream has a low pH and poor water quality, although that could potentially be remedied. The main rock formations in the area are the Catskill Formation, the Huntley Mountain Formation, and the Burgoon Sandstone. The main soil associations in the vicinity of the stream are the Deep-Wellsboro-Oquaga association, the Norwich association, and the Oquaga association.
During World War II, Imperial Japan invaded most of the former western colonies. The Shōwa occupation regime committed violent actions against civilians such as the Manila massacre and the implementation of a system of forced labour, such as the one involving 4 to 10 million romusha in Indonesia. A later UN report stated that four million people died in Indonesia as a result of famine and forced labour during the Japanese occupation. The Allied powers who defeated Japan in the South-East Asian theatre of World War II then contended with nationalists to whom the occupation authorities had granted independence.
Villanueva del Conde is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon. It is located 78 kilometres from the provincial capital city of Salamanca and has a population of 251 people.
Chunghee Sarah Soh or Sarah Soh is a Korean-American professor of Anthropology at San Francisco State University. She is a sociocultural anthropologist who specializes in issues of women, gender, sexuality.
The Nokia Lumia 530 is an entry-level smartphone developed by Microsoft Mobile that runs the Windows Phone 8.1 operating system.
Sarah Stewart (born 1939) is an American author of children's books. She is married to David Small and lives in a manor house in Mendon, Michigan.
Foggy Pass () is a pass running northeast–southwest between the Leitch Massif on the north and West Quartzite Range and East Quartzite Range on the south, in the Concord Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica. The mountain pass was so named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1983, on a proposal from geologist M.G. Laird, from the weather conditions encountered in the area. This geographical feature lies situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
James A. MacNeill (July 22, 1854 – January 28, 1927) was a blacksmith, merchant and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 5th Prince in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1908 to 1922 and from 1923 to 1926 as a Conservative member.
The Molotov -- Ribbentrop Pact, also known as the Nazi -- Soviet Pact, the German -- Soviet Non-aggression Pact or the Nazi German -- Soviet Pact of Aggression (officially: Treaty of Non-aggression between Germany and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics), was a neutrality pact between Nazi Germany and the Soviet Union signed in Moscow on 23 August 1939 by foreign ministers Joachim von Ribbentrop and Vyacheslav Molotov, respectively. The pact was followed by the German - Soviet Commercial Agreement in February 1940.
The Lake District is located entirely within the county of Cumbria. All the land in England higher than 3,000 feet (914 m) above sea level lies within the National Park, including Scafell Pike, the highest mountain in England. It also contains the deepest and longest bodies of water in England, Wast Water and Windermere.
Uni-Systems, LLC is a design, construction, and manufacturing firm located in Minneapolis, Minnesota specializing in kinetic architecture, or movable, mechanized structures designed to adapt to individual structures’ needs. The firm has become particularly recognized for its design and installation of retractable roof systems on various sports stadiums across the United States; Uni-Systems has been involved in the construction of five of the seven sports stadiums incorporating retractable roofs in North America since 1999.
Emanuel Lehman (born Mendel Lehmann; February 15, 1827 – January 10, 1907) was a German born, American banker. The younger brother of Henry Lehman, he was a co-founder of Lehman Brothers.
Procaccini was a member of the Communist Refoundation Party of Fausto Bertinotti since 1998, but in 2010 he passed to the Party of Italian Communists and after only three years he was appointed General Secretary of the party, taking the place of PdCI's historical leader Oliviero Diliberto.
Nam Nao National Park is a protected area in Nam Nao District, Phetchabun Province in northern Thailand. It is east of Lom Sak District.
United Nations Security Council resolution 1223, adopted unanimously on 28 January 1999, after recalling previous resolutions on Israel and Lebanon including 501 (1982), 508 (1982), 509 (1982) and 520 (1982) as well as studying the report by the Secretary-General on the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) approved in 426 (1978), the Council decided to extend the mandate of UNIFIL for a further six months until 31 July 1999.
Attila Juhász (, ) (born July 15, 1967 in Senta, SAP Vojvodina, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is an ethnic Hungarian politician in Serbia. He was the president of Senta municipality as a member of Alliance of Vojvodina Hungarians.
Mecklenburg County is a county located on the border in the southwestern part of the state of North Carolina, in the United States. As of the 2010 census, the population was 919,628. It increased to 1,034,070 as of the 2015 estimate, making it the most populous county in North Carolina and the first county in the Carolinas to surpass 1 million in population. Its county seat and largest city is Charlotte.
``You Give Love a Bad Name ''Artwork for U.S. vinyl single, also used for the album Slippery When Wet Single by Bon Jovi from the album Slippery When Wet B - side`` Raise Your Hands'' (US) ``Let It Rock ''(UK) Released July 23, 1986 Format CD single 7'' Recorded 1986 Genre Hard rock Length 3: 42 (album version) 4: 06 (full version) Label Mercury Songwriter (s) Jon Bon Jovi Richie Sambora Desmond Child Producer (s) Bruce Fairbairn Bon Jovi singles chronology`` Silent Night ''(1985) ``You Give Love a Bad Name'' (1986)`` Livin 'on a Prayer ''(1986) ``Silent Night'' (1985)`` You Give Love a Bad Name ''(1986) ``Livin' on a Prayer'' (1986) Alternative cover
Dan Fitzsimons (born February 26, 1969) is an American screenwriter who has written a miniseries and two television movies. He co-wrote the miniseries "Blackout" (2012) and wrote the TV movie "Desolation Canyon" (2006). He received the story credit for "Ring of Death" (2008) and was an associate producer for the horror film "The Season" (2008) which was an official selection at Screamfest 2008. Raised in Janesville, Wisconsin, Fitzsimons attended Joseph A. Craig High School.
Viceroy and Governor - General of India Standard of the Governor - General Louis Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India & the first Governor - General during the dominion period Style His Excellency Residence Viceroy's House Appointer East India Company (to 1858) Monarch of India (from 1858) Formation 20 October 1774 First holder Warren Hastings Final holder Chakravarthi Rajagopalachari Abolished 26 January 1950
After the construction was complete there was no further room for expansion at Les Corts. Back-to-back La Liga titles in 1948 and 1949 and the signing of László Kubala in June 1950, who would later go on to score 196 goals in 256 matches, drew larger crowds to the games. The club began to make plans for a new stadium. The building of Camp Nou commenced on 28 March 1954, before a crowd of 60,000 Barça fans. The first stone of the future stadium was laid in place under the auspices of Governor Felipe Acedo Colunga and with the blessing of Archbishop of Barcelona Gregorio Modrego. Construction took three years and ended on 24 September 1957 with a final cost of 288 million pesetas, 336% over budget.
The first game, Batman: Arkham Asylum (2009), focuses on Batman trying to prevent the Joker from destroying Gotham City after he takes control of Arkham Asylum, and he is forced to contend with numerous other villains he has incarcerated along the way. The second game, Arkham City (2011), is set a year later, after Professor Hugo Strange expands Arkham into a massive super-prison enclosing a dilapidated segment of Gotham City; Batman is incarcerated and must uncover the secret behind Strange's sinister scheme, ``Protocol 10 '', while slowly dying from an illness inflicted by the Joker. The third game, Arkham Origins (2013), serves as a prequel set five years before Arkham Asylum, in which a younger and less - refined Batman must deal with eight deadly assassins contracted to kill him by crime lord Black Mask on Christmas Eve, while also encountering the Joker for the first time. The fourth installment, Batman: Arkham Knight (2015), is Rocksteady's conclusion to the series. Set one year after the events of Arkham City, Arkham Knight sees Batman facing Scarecrow along with the mysterious Arkham Knight (and his militia), who have seized control of Gotham in a plan to destroy Batman, both physically and mentally, as well as the city.
The principal tributaries of the Chao Phraya River of Thailand are the Pa Sak River, the Sakae Krang River, the Nan River (along with its principal confluent the Yom River), the Ping River (with its principal confluent the Wang River), and the Tha Chin River. Each of these tributaries (and the Chao Phraya itself) is further tributed by additional minor tributaries often referred to as "khwae". All of the tributaries, including the lesser khwae, form an extensive tree-like pattern, with branches flowing through nearly every province in central and northern Thailand.. None of the tributaries of the Chao Phraya extend beyond the nation's borders. The Nan and the Yom River flow nearly parallel from Phitsanulok to Chumsaeng in the north of Nakhon Sawan province. The Wang River enters the Ping River near Sam Ngao district in Tak province.
In a June 2008 speech, President and CEO of the New York Federal Reserve Bank Timothy Geithner—who in 2009 became Secretary of the United States Treasury—placed significant blame for the freezing of credit markets on a "run" on the entities in the "parallel" banking system, also called the shadow banking system. These entities became critical to the credit markets underpinning the financial system, but were not subject to the same regulatory controls. Further, these entities were vulnerable because of maturity mismatch, meaning that they borrowed short-term in liquid markets to purchase long-term, illiquid and risky assets. This meant that disruptions in credit markets would make them subject to rapid deleveraging, selling their long-term assets at depressed prices. He described the significance of these entities:
Alatri Cathedral, otherwise the Basilica of Saint Paul (; "Basilica concattedrale di San Paolo apostolo"), is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Alatri, Lazio, Italy, dedicated to Saint Paul. It was formerly the cathedral of the Diocese of Alatri. Since 30 September 1986 it has been a co-cathedral of the Diocese of Anagni-Alatri. Pope Pius XII declared it a basilica minor on 10 September 1950.
She wrote many books, beginning with We Are Going (1964), the first book to be published by an Aboriginal woman. The title poem concludes:
Tumaraa is a commune of French Polynesia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean. The commune of Tumaraa is located on the island of Raiatea, in the administrative subdivision of the Leeward Islands, themselves part of the Society Islands. At the 2017 census it had a population of 3,721, making it the least populous commune on Raiatea.
Anthropology is the study of humans and their societies in the past and present. Its main subdivisions are social anthropology and cultural anthropology, which describes the workings of societies around the world, linguistic anthropology, which investigates the influence of language in social life, and biological or physical anthropology, which concerns long-term development of the human organism. Archaeology, which studies past human cultures through investigation of physical evidence, is thought of as a branch of anthropology in the United States, while in Europe, it is viewed as a discipline in its own right, or grouped under other related disciplines such as history.
Monseigneur Claude Frollo ((klod fʁɔlo)) is the main antagonist from Victor Hugo's 1831 novel The Hunchback of Notre - Dame (known in French as Notre - Dame de Paris). He is the Archdeacon of Notre Dame.
The I-35W Saint Anthony Falls Bridge crosses the Saint Anthony Falls of the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota in the U.S., carrying north-south traffic on Interstate Highway 35W. The ten-lane bridge replaced the I-35W Mississippi River bridge, which collapsed on August 1, 2007. It was planned and is maintained by the Minnesota Department of Transportation (Mn/DOT). The planning, design, and construction processes were completed more quickly than normal because Interstate 35W is a critical artery for commuters and truck freight. The bridge opened September 18, 2008, well ahead of the original goal of December 24.
George Sarton, the author of The History of Science, described Ibn Sīnā as "one of the greatest thinkers and medical scholars in history" and called him "the most famous scientist of Islam and one of the most famous of all races, places, and times." He was one of the Islamic world's leading writers in the field of medicine. Along with Rhazes, Abulcasis, Ibn al-Nafis, and al-Ibadi, Ibn Sīnā is considered an important compiler of early Muslim medicine. He is remembered in the Western history of medicine as a major historical figure who made important contributions to medicine and the European Renaissance. His medical texts were unusual in that where controversy existed between Galen and Aristotle's views on medical matters (such as anatomy), he preferred to side with Aristotle, where necessary updating Aristotle's position to take into account post-Aristotelian advances in anatomical knowledge. Aristotle's dominant intellectual influence among medieval European scholars meant that Avicenna's linking of Galen's medical writings with Aristotle's philosophical writings in the Canon of Medicine (along with its comprehensive and logical organisation of knowledge) significantly increased Avicenna's importance in medieval Europe in comparison to other Islamic writers on medicine. His influence following translation of the Canon was such that from the early fourteenth to the mid-sixteenth centuries he was ranked with Hippocrates and Galen as one of the acknowledged authorities, princeps medicorum ("prince of physicians").
Peel was the second son of Sir Robert Peel, 1st Baronet, and his first wife Ellen (née Yates). He was the younger brother of Prime Minister Sir Robert Peel, 2nd Baronet, and the elder brother of Jonathan Peel. He was educated at Harrow and St John's College, Cambridge. Peel sat as Member of Parliament for Bossiney from 1817 to 1818, for Tamworth from 1818 to 1830, 1835 to 1837 and in 1847, for Yarmouth from 1830 to 1831 and for Cambridge University from 1831 to 1832 and served under the Duke of Wellington as Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department from 1828 to 1830 and as a Lord of the Treasury under Wellington in 1830 and again under his brother Sir Robert Peel from 1834 to 1835. In 1834 he was admitted to the Privy Council.
Warlocked is a real-time strategy video game developed by Bits Studios and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy Color. Critical reception towards the game was positive, it received a score of 86% on review aggregation website GameRankings. IGN named the game as the Best Game Boy Strategy game of 2000, and would later list the game as one they would like to see on a hypothetical Virtual Console platform for the Nintendo DSi, owing partially due to its real-time strategy interface. A sequel to the game, titled "Wizards", was in development for the Game Boy Advance, but was cancelled due to the lack of a publisher.
Esegine Allen (born 28 March 1986), better known by his stage name Orezi, is a Nigerian musician from Delta State. He rose to prominence with his song "Rihanna" in 2013.
Prince Louis de Condé, along with his sons Daniel and Osias,[citation needed] arranged with Count Ludwig von Nassau-Saarbrücken to establish a Huguenot community in present-day Saarland in 1604. The Count supported mercantilism and welcomed technically skilled immigrants into his lands, regardless of their religion. The Condés established a thriving glass-making works, which provided wealth to the principality for many years. Other founding families created enterprises based on textiles and such traditional Huguenot occupations in France. The community and its congregation remain active to this day, with descendants of many of the founding families still living in the region. Some members of this community emigrated to the United States in the 1890s.
Hans Theessink (born 5 April 1948, Enschede, Netherlands) is a Dutch guitarist, mandolinist, singer and songwriter, living in Vienna, Austria. He performs blues and roots music, particularly in a Delta blues style. Theessink has released 20 albums, a songbook, a blues-guitar instruction video and a DVD.
``Come and Get It ''is a song composed by Paul McCartney for the 1969 film The Magic Christian. The song was performed by Badfinger, produced by McCartney and issued as a single 5 December 1969 in the UK, and 12 January 1970 in the US on the Beatles' Apple label.
The Supreme Court is the highest court in Ireland. It has authority to interpret the constitution, and strike down laws and activities of the state that it finds to be unconstitutional. It is also the highest authority in the interpretation of the law. Constitutionally it must have authority to interpret the constitution but its further appellate jurisdiction from lower courts is defined by law. The Irish Supreme Court consists of its presiding member, the Chief Justice, and seven other judges. Judges of the Supreme Court are appointed by the President in accordance with the binding advice of the Government. The Supreme Court sits in the Four Courts in Dublin.
Heuser Nunatak () is a small nunatak that lies south of Mount Phelan and marks the southern extremity of the Emlen Peaks in the Usarp Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica. The nunatak was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1959–64, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Charles M. Heuser, a former biological laboratory technician operating at McMurdo Station during 1966–67. This topographical feature lies situated on the Pennell Coast, a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
The Parramatta River is an intermediate tide dominated, drowned valley estuary located in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. With an average depth of , the Parramatta River is the main tributary of Sydney Harbour, a branch of Port Jackson. Secondary tributaries include the smaller Lane Cove and Duck rivers.
``Same Old Lang Syne ''is a song written and sung by Dan Fogelberg released as a single in 1980. It was also included on his 1981 album The Innocent Age. The song is an autobiographical narrative ballad told in the first person and tells the story of two long - ago romantic interests meeting by chance in a grocery store on Christmas Eve. The song peaked at # 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart and is now frequently played during the holiday season and alongside traditional Christmas songs.
In 2012, she reprised her role as Deb in the animated TV version of Napoleon Dynamite. She was also seen playing the role of the vampire Molly in Season 5 of the HBO television series True Blood, an uncredited role as a pregnant woman in the Fox show, Raising Hope, in an episode titled ``Tarot Cards, ''and the role of intern Dr. Heather Brooks in Season 9 of the ABC series Grey's Anatomy, with her character being killed off in the two - part premiere of Season 10. In 2014 she appeared in the Veronica Mars film as her character Mac, a project financed by fans through Kickstarter.
The McConnell River is located in the Kivalliq Region of northern Canada's territory of Nunavut. It drains into Hudson Bay and is the namesake for the McConnell River Migratory Bird Sanctuary.
"Big Girls Don't Cry" is a single by American country music artist Lynn Anderson. Released in July 1968, it was the first single from her album "Big Girls Don't Cry". The song peaked at number 12 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. It also reached number 1 on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada.
Philip Paul Hallie (1922–1994) was an author, philosopher and professor at Wesleyan University for 32 years. During World War II he served in the US Army. His degrees were from Harvard, Oxford (where he was a Rhodes Scholar at Jesus College from 1949 to 1951) and Grinnell College.
The Hampton Bluffs () are a group of three rock bluffs on the east side of Larsen Inlet, Graham Land, Antarctica. They were mapped from surveys by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) (1960–61), and were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee for Ian F.G. Hampton, an FIDS physiologist at Hope Bay in 1959 and 1960.
The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson is a one-hour special that aired on CBS on November 21, 1990. The program was a tribute to Muppet creator Jim Henson, who had died earlier in 1990 due to toxic shock syndrome caused by a streptococcus infection, and featured characters from "The Muppet Show", "Fraggle Rock", and "Sesame Street".
The Marketed Health Products Directorate (MHPD) is the Canadian federal authority that monitors the safety and effectiveness of health products marketed in Canada. These include:
After attending Ohio State University, he joined the Akron Pros of the National Football League, and played a total of 14 games for the team in the 1923 and 1924 seasons, earning first-team All-Pro honors in 1923. In 1925, he played for the Cleveland Bulldogs, appearing in all 14 of the team's contests. The following year, Michaels joined the Cleveland Panthers of the new American Football League and appeared in all five games the team played before folding.
Actor Terrence Mann was cast as the Beast. Mann had previously performed as Javert in Les Misérables, for which he was nominated for a Tony Award. For his final audition for Disney management, Mann performed for a large audience comprising Disney executives and secretaries in a theatre located on 42nd Street, which he felt was in stark contrast to the usual method of auditioning for six to eight people in a dark theatre. Actor Gary Beach was cast as Lumiere. Beach had seen Beauty and the Beast premiere at the El Capitan Theatre, prior to which he had watched a stage rendition of the film, and thoroughly enjoyed both. Beach was particularly drawn to Jerry Orbach's rendition of ``Be Our Guest ''in his role as Lumiere, thinking,`` Now why ca n't I get a part like that''. Two years later, Beach received a call from casting director Jay Binder inviting him to play Lumiere during their workshop of Beauty and the Beast, but kept turning down the offer due to having prior commitments to an upcoming show starring comedian Carol Burnett. It was only at Burnett's insistence that Beach finally accepted. Amidst a cast of relatively obscure actors, Tom Bosley, famous for his roles on the television series Happy Days and Murder, She Wrote, became the show's most recognizable performer when he was cast as Belle's father Maurice.
"Jangan Kau Bohong" is a song performed by singer Fatin Shidqia featuring New Kingz. It is her third single and featured on her debut album titled "For You" was released on 19 February 2014.
Beatrice Heuser (born 15 March 1961 in Bangkok), is an historian and political scientist. She holds the chair of International Relations at the University of Glasgow.
In 2013, Washington University received a record 30,117 applications for a freshman class of 1,500 with an acceptance rate of 13.7%. More than 90% of incoming freshmen whose high schools ranked were ranked in the top 10% of their high school classes. In 2006, the university ranked fourth overall and second among private universities in the number of enrolled National Merit Scholar freshmen, according to the National Merit Scholar Corporation's annual report. In 2008, Washington University was ranked #1 for quality of life according to The Princeton Review, among other top rankings. In addition, the Olin Business School's undergraduate program is among the top 4 in the country. The Olin Business School's undergraduate program is also among the country's most competitive, admitting only 14% of applicants in 2007 and ranking #1 in SAT scores with an average composite of 1492 M+CR according to BusinessWeek.
Sunflower Farmers Market was an American chain of full-service grocery stores headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona, which emphasized value-priced natural and organic products. Sunflower opened its first store in Albuquerque, New Mexico in 2002. In June 2013, Sunflower Farmers Market was operating 38 grocery stores located in eight Southwestern states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico, Utah, Oklahoma and Texas (where it formerly operated as Newflower Farmers Market). In June 2012, Sunflower merged with Sprouts Farmers Markets.
"Here I Am" is a song written by Tony Arata, and recorded by American country music artist Patty Loveless. It was released in November 1994 as the second single from her album "When Fallen Angels Fly". The song reached a number 4 peak in February 1995.
The India International Exchange (INX) is India's first international stock exchange, opened in 2017. It is located at the International Financial Services Centre (IFSC), GIFT City in Gujarat. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). The INX will be initially headed by V. Balasubramanian with other staff from the BSE.
Edward of Middleham, Prince of Wales, Earl of Chester, Duke of Cornwall, 1st Earl of Salisbury (December 14739 April 1484), was the heir apparent of King Richard III of England and his wife, Anne Neville. He was Richard's only legitimate child and died aged ten.
In 207 BC, Qin warlord Triệu Đà (pinyin: Zhao Tuo) established his own independent kingdom in present - day Guangdong / Guangxi area. He proclaimed his new kingdom as Nam Việt (pinyin: Nanyue), starting the Triệu dynasty. Triệu Đà later appointed himself a commandant of central Guangdong, closing the borders and conquering neighboring districts and titled himself ``King of Nam Viet ''In 179 BC, he defeated King An Dương Vương and annexed Âu Lạc.
Rakhwale is a 1994 Hindi-language Indian feature film directed by Sudharshan Lal, starring Aatish Devgan, Yogeeta Singh and Harsha. The film has all-cast Dharmendra, Mithun Chakraborty, Govinda and Raj Babbar in special appearances.
Kōkoku (興国) was a Japanese era of the Southern Court during the Era of Northern and Southern Courts after Engen and before Shōhei, lasting from April 1340 to December 1346. The emperor in Kyoto was . Go-Kōgon's Southern Court rival in Yoshino during this time-frame was .
Curling Curling games taking place during the 2005 Tim Hortons Brier Highest governing body World Curling Federation Nicknames Chess On Ice, The Roaring Game First played Approximately late medieval Scotland Registered players est. 1,500,000 Characteristics Contact No Team members 4 or 3 per team (2 in mixed doubles) Mixed gender Yes; see mixed curling Type Precision and accuracy Equipment Curling brooms, stones (rocks), curling shoes Venue Curling sheet Glossary Glossary of curling Presence Olympic First event in 1924 (retroactively made official in 2006). Demonstration sport in 1932, 1988 and 1992. Officially added in 1998. Paralympic Wheelchair curling officially added in 2006.
The 2016 FIFA Club World Cup (officially known as the FIFA Club World Cup Japan 2016 presented by Alibaba YunOS Auto for sponsorship reasons) was the 13th edition of the FIFA Club World Cup, a FIFA - organised international club football tournament between the champion clubs from each of the six continental confederations, as well as the national league champion from the host country. The tournament was hosted by Japan. Real Madrid won their second Club World Cup, defeating hosts Kashima Antlers in the final.
The Acura ZDX is a mid-size luxury crossover SUV developed by Honda for its upmarket brand Acura. The car was originally scheduled to be called the Acura MSX. The ZDX debuted at the 2009 New York International Auto Show on April 8, 2009. The vehicle was also the first to be completely designed at Acura's southern California design studio in Torrance.
Buddy Bear activities and help for children in need have formed an inseparable unit. New United Buddy Bears are often designed to replace the previous unique sculpture of a particular country. Many countries are already represented with the third or fourth bear. The previous bears designed on behalf of the respective countries are generally sold at auctions.
The Bourne Deception is the title for the novel by Eric Van Lustbader and the seventh novel in the Jason Bourne series created by Robert Ludlum. It was released on June 9, 2009. It is Lustbader's fourth Bourne novel, following "The Bourne Sanction," which was published in 2008.
American Chronicles is a documentary television program that was broadcast by Fox Broadcasting Company as part of its 1990 fall lineup.
Results of the 1979 general election in Japan for the House of Representatives. A total of 511 seats were contested:
A global city, Boston is placed among the top 30 most economically powerful cities in the world. Encompassing $363 billion, the Greater Boston metropolitan area has the sixth-largest economy in the country and 12th-largest in the world.
USS "Cactus" (1863) was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy during the American Civil War for service with the Union blockade of the ports and waterways of the Confederate States of America.
The total adult literacy rate is 99 percent. Portuguese primary school enrollments are close to 100 percent. According to the OECD's Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) 2009, the average Portuguese 15-year-old student, when rated in terms of reading literacy, mathematics and science knowledge, is placed at the same level as those students from the United States, Sweden, Germany, Ireland, France, Denmark, United Kingdom, Hungary and Taipei, with 489 points (493 is the average). Over 35% of college-age citizens (20 years old) attend one of the country's higher education institutions (compared with 50% in the United States and 35% in the OECD countries). In addition to being a destination for international students, Portugal is also among the top places of origin for international students. All higher education students, both domestic and international, totaled 380,937 in 2005.
Like other Indian rupee banknotes, the ₹2000 banknote has its amount written in 17 languages. On the obverse, the denomination is written in English and Hindi. On the reverse is a language panel which displays the denomination of the note in 15 of the 22 official languages of India. The languages are displayed in alphabetical order. Languages included on the panel are Assamese, Bengali, Gujarati, Kannada, Kashmiri, Konkani, Malayalam, Marathi, Nepali, Odia, Punjabi, Sanskrit, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu.
Ford South Africa was based in Port Elizabeth (now part of the Eastern Cape province) and had been operating since 1923. In the early 1980s, it had both a vehicle assembly plant and an engine plant in Struandale, together with an older assembly plant in Neave. After the merger with Sigma and the formation of Samcor, the engine plant continued to be operated by Samcor and in 2015 is still operating under Ford ownership. Both the assembly plants were closed and all vehicle production transferred to Samcor's Silverton Assembly Plant in Pretoria. The Struandale assembly plant was subsequently sold to Delta Motor Corporation (General Motors).
Zeferino Martins, also known as Ze Martins (born September 5, 1985) is an East Timorese footballer who plays as midfielder for Ad. Dili Oeste and the Timor-Leste national team.
Wild Geese II is a 1985 British action-thriller film directed by Peter Hunt, based on the 1982 novel "The Square Circle" by Daniel Carney, in which a group of mercenaries are hired to spring Rudolf Hess from Spandau Prison in Berlin. The film is a sequel to the 1978 film "The Wild Geese", which was also produced by Euan Lloyd and adapted from a novel by Carney. Actor Richard Burton, who starred in the first film as Colonel Allen Faulkner, was planning to reprise his role for the sequel, but he died days before filming began. The sequel has Faulkner's brother (played by Edward Fox) as one of the mercenaries. No characters from the original are featured in the sequel.
The Green (formally the College Green) is a grass-covered field and common space at the center of Dartmouth College, an Ivy League university located in Hanover, New Hampshire, United States. It was among the first parcels of land obtained by the College upon its founding in 1769, and is the only creation of the 18th century remaining at the center of the campus. After being cleared of pine trees, it initially served as a pasture and later as an athletic field for College sporting events. Today, it is a central location for rallies, celebrations, and demonstrations, and serves as a general, all-purpose recreation area. The College describes the Green as "historic" and as the "emotional center" of the institution.
Villas is a census designated place (CDP) in Lee County, Florida, United States. The population was 11,346 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Cape Coral-Fort Myers, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Battle of the Hydaspes was fought in 326 BC between Alexander the Great and King Porus of the Paurava kingdom on the banks of the river Jhelum (known to the Greeks as Hydaspes) in what is now the Punjab province of Pakistan. The battle resulted in a complete Greek victory and the annexation of the Punjab, which lay beyond the far easternmost confines of the already absorbed Persian empire, into the Macedonian Empire.
At the conclusion of World War II the Allied nations began the process of disarmament of Axis controlled regions. Japan occupied Korea at this time and had been in control since 1910. In 1945, the decision was made to have American Marines forces oversee Japanese surrender and disarmament south of the 38th parallel and the Soviet Union would facilitate the change of power to the north. At the time there was no political motivation and seemed to be a logical and convenient plan of action. The original agreement and intent was to create a unified and independent Korea out of the post Japanese occupation era. Instead each side of the 38th parallel established its own government under the influence of the occupational country; the United States in South Korea and the Soviet Union in North Korea. Both new Korean governments discredited the other and claimed to be the only legitimate political system. Tensions between the North and South escalated and each side began to petition foreign powers for resources and support. South Korea wanted weapons and supplies from Truman and the United States government while North Korea sought help from Stalin and the Soviet Union. The United States was still war weary from the disruptive World War II campaign and refused South Korea's request for weapons and troops. North Korea convinced the Soviet Union to supply them with the weapons and support they requested. This decision coincided with the United States withdrawing the last remaining combat troops from South Korea. North Korea saw its opportunity and attacked South Korean forces at the 38th parallel on June 25, 1950 and thus initiating the Korean War.
Silver Lake is a water body located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire, United States, in the town of Madison. The village of Silver Lake within Madison lies at the north end of the lake. Water from Silver Lake flows via the West Branch, through the Ossipee Pine Barrens to Ossipee Lake and ultimately to the Saco River in Maine.
The Sazerac is a local New Orleans variation of a cognac or whiskey cocktail, named for the "Sazerac de Forge et Fils" brand of cognac brandy that served as its original main ingredient. The drink is most traditionally a combination of
The 1963 -- 72 seasons saw Chelsea regularly challenge for honours for the first time, although they often narrowly missed out. The League Cup was won in 1965, the FA Cup in 1970 and the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup in 1971; they were also FA Cup runners - up in 1967 and League Cup runners - up in 1972. Several problems over the next decade, principally the debt burden caused by an ambitious attempt to redevelop Stamford Bridge, brought the club to the brink of extinction, before a revival under John Neal in the mid-1980s saw the club win the Second Division title and ultimately re-establish itself in the top flight.
Pair of Kings is an American television sitcom that originally aired on the cable channel Disney XD from September 10, 2010 to February 18, 2013. The sitcom's target audience was teenagers. The series began production on February 15, 2010, with stars Mitchel Musso and Doc Shaw departing fellow Disney series Hannah Montana and The Suite Life on Deck respectively, and premiered on September 10, 2010 on the Disney Channel. The show is filmed before a live studio audience, but uses a laugh track. On November 20, 2010, Disney XD announced Pair of Kings had been renewed for a second season, which premiered on June 13, 2011. In December 2011, the series was renewed for a third season, however Disney announced Musso would be replaced with actor Adam Hicks who has worked with Disney on previous projects such as Zeke and Luther. The third season premiered on June 18, 2012. However, on November 3, 2012, it was announced on Adam Hicks's Twitter page that Disney XD would not renew Pair of Kings for a fourth season. The series revolves around a pair of Chicago teens who discover they are rulers of a fictitious Pacific island nation.
The Conrad Mountains ( ) are a narrow chain of mountains, long, located between the Gagarin Mountains and Mount Dallmann in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. The Conrad Mountains are a subrange of the Orvin Mountains. With its summit at , the massive Sandeggtind Peak forms the highest point in the Conrad Mountains.
Dean Dinwoodey (November 12, 1899 – February 7, 1983) was the first president and chairman of BNA (The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.) and a noted intellectual property law scholar. The Dean Dinwoodey Center for Intellectual Property Studies at The George Washington University in Washington, D.C., bears his name.
Frank Orren Lowden (January 26, 1861 – March 20, 1943) was a Republican Party politician who served as the 25th Governor of Illinois and as a United States Representative from Illinois. He was also a candidate for the Republican presidential nominations in 1920 and 1928.
Marc H. Ellis (born 1952) is an American author, liberation theologian, and a retired University Professor of Jewish Studies, Professor of History and Director of the Center for Jewish Studies at Baylor University. He is currently visiting professor of several international universities, including the University of Innsbruck, Austria and the United Nations University for Peace, Costa Rica.
WeiweiCam is a self-surveillance project by artist Ai Weiwei, in China, that went live on April 3, 2012, exactly one year after the artist's detention by Chinese officials at Beijing Airport. At least fifteen surveillance cameras monitor his house in Beijing which, according to Ai, makes it the most-watched spot of the city. He described his decision to put himself under further surveillance as a symbolic way to increase transparency in the Chinese government. WeiweiCam consisted of four webcams that sent a live 24-hour feed publicly viewable from the website weiweicam.com. 46 hours after the site went live Ai Weiwei was instructed to shut down WeiweiCam by Chinese authorities. During the time weiweicam.com was live it received 5.2 million views.
The Suomi KP/-31 went into serial production in 1931 by Tikkakoski Oy and most of these weapons were bought by the Finnish Defence Forces. The Finnish Defence Forces were equipped with about 4000 Suomi KP/-31 submachine guns when the Winter War started. During the course of the war, the design was altered in February of 1942 with the addition of a muzzle brake, which increased the submachine gun's overall length by 55 mm and weight by half a pound. The revised version was designated KP/-31 "SJR" ("suujarru", or "muzzle brake"). Aimo Lahti was displeased with this revision, believing that it decreased muzzle velocity and reduced the weapon's reliability, and even sought in vain to have the unknown muzzle brake's designer court-martialed. Ultimately, roughly half of the KP/-31s in Finnish service were of the SJR version.
He played for FC Barcelona and Real Madrid. When playing for Real, he did not give up his attachment to Barcelona. He was the first footballer to play for the two rivals.
Super Bowl XLVIII was an American football game between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Denver Broncos and National Football Conference (NFC) champion Seattle Seahawks to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2013 season. The Seahawks defeated the Broncos 43 -- 8, the largest margin of victory for an underdog and tied for the third largest point differential overall (35) in Super Bowl history with Super Bowl XXVII (1993). It was the first time the winning team scored over 40 points, while holding their opponent to under 10. This became the first Super Bowl victory for the Seahawks and the fifth Super Bowl loss for the Broncos, the most of any team. The game was played on February 2, 2014, at MetLife Stadium at the Meadowlands Sports Complex in East Rutherford, New Jersey, the first Super Bowl played outdoors in a cold - weather city and the first Super Bowl to be played on February 2.
The RG Outrider, also known by its original designation RG-32M Light Tactical Vehicle (LTV), is a 4x4 multi-purpose mine-protected armoured personnel carrier (APC) manufactured by BAE Systems of South Africa. It was first introduced in early 2009 as the RG-32M LTV, and was first purchased by Ireland. The vehicle was offered to the US market the following year, re-designated as RG Outrider. It is based on and is the successor to the RG-32M already in service in Afghanistan with the coalition forces. The RG Outrider offers several improvements over its predecessor, including the addition of the V-shaped hull.
``The Fightin 'Side of Me ''is a song written and performed by American country music artist Merle Haggard. It was released in December 1969 as the first single and title track from the album The Fightin' Side of Me. The song became one of the most famous of his career.
Film U.S. release date Director Screenwriter (s) Story by Producer (s) The Bourne Identity June 14, 2002 (2002 - 06 - 14) Doug Liman Tony Gilroy and William Blake Herron Doug Liman, Patrick Crowley and Richard N. Gladstein The Bourne Supremacy July 23, 2004 (2004 - 07 - 23) Paul Greengrass Tony Gilroy Frank Marshall, Patrick Crowley and Paul L. Sandberg The Bourne Ultimatum August 3, 2007 (2007 - 08 - 03) Tony Gilroy, Scott Z. Burns and George Nolfi Tony Gilroy The Bourne Legacy August 10, 2012 (2012 - 08 - 10) Tony Gilroy Tony Gilroy and Dan Gilroy Frank Marshall, Patrick Crowley, Jeffrey M. Weiner and Ben Smith Jason Bourne July 29, 2016 (2016 - 07 - 29) Paul Greengrass Paul Greengrass and Christopher Rouse Matt Damon, Paul Greengrass, Gregory Goodman, Frank Marshall, Jeffrey M. Weiner and Ben Smith
On December 7, 1989, the Communist Party of Lithuania under the leadership of Algirdas Brazauskas, split from the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and abandoned its claim to have a constitutional ``leading role ''in politics. A smaller loyalist faction of the Communist Party, headed by hardliner Mykolas Burokevičius, was established and remained affiliated with the CPSU. However, Lithuania's governing Communist Party was formally independent from Moscow's control -- a first for Soviet Republics and a political earthquake that prompted Gorbachev to arrange a visit to Lithuania the following month in a futile attempt to bring the local party back under control. The following year, the Communist Party lost power altogether in multiparty parliamentary elections which had caused Vytautas Landsbergis to become the first non-Communist president of Lithuania since its forced incorporation into the USSR.
Sunman is an unreleased action video game developed by EIM and planned to be published by Sunsoft for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1992. Despite being mostly complete, it was never commercially released.
The American Civil War caught both sides unprepared. The Confederacy hoped to win by getting Britain and France to intervene, or else by wearing down the North's willingness to fight. The U.S. sought a quick victory focused on capturing the Confederate capital at Richmond, Virginia. The Confederates under Robert E. Lee tenaciously defended their capital until the very end. The war spilled across the continent, and even to the high seas. Most of the material and personnel of the South were used up, while the North prospered.
Montenegro has participated at the Eurovision Song Contest 11 times. The country debuted in 2007. Previously it participated as part of Yugoslavia (both the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1961 to 1991 and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1992) and Serbia and Montenegro (from 2004 to 2006).
Jasti Chelameswar (born 23 June 1953) was a judge of the Supreme Court of India. He retired on 22 June 2018 as the second most senior Supreme court judge. Earlier, he was the Chief Justice of the High Court of Kerala and Gauhati High Court. He was also one of the 4 judges who held a controversial press conference against the Chief Justice of India, Dipak Misra.
"Real Life (I Never Was the Same Again)" is a song written by Neil Thrasher and Jim Janosky, and recorded by American country music artist Jeff Carson. It released in May 2001 as the third single from his third album, "Real Life". The song was written by Neil Thrasher and Jim Janosky. It was nominated for Song of the Year at the 2001 Christian Country Music Awards.
The Miracle of Sound in Motion is the third studio album by Steel Pole Bath Tub, released on May 10, 1993 by Boner Records.
Michel Djotodia took over as president. Prime Minister Nicolas Tiangaye requested a UN peacekeeping force from the UN Security Council and on 31 May former President Bozizé was indicted for crimes against humanity and incitement of genocide.
Nobukazu Hirai (born December 30, 1969) is a Japanese professional wrestler currently competing in All Japan Pro Wrestling as Super Hate. He is the son of former Japan Pro Wrestling Alliance wrestler Mitsu Hirai.
Al Lith () is a city in the Tihamah region on the coast of the Red Sea south west of the holy city of Mecca. It is the fifth largest city in population in Makkah Province, and it is one of the large sea ports of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on the Red Sea, and Miqat Yalamlam is located north of it. The estimated population of Al Lith is over 72,000 people.
Immanu El started as a musical experiment in 2004 by 16-year-old Claes Strängberg, who was soon joined by his twin brother Per and friends David Lillberg, Jonatan Josefsson. After a few concerts in Sweden, supporting such bands as Logh and Loney, Dear, Immanu El was booked to perform at Rookiefestivalen in Hultsfred, a festival hosted by Hultsfredsfestivalen (Rockparty) - the biggest Swedish music festival at the time and an opportunity for unsigned bands to perform at a major event. The band released their first demo EP titled "Killerwhale" in 2005, before they signed with Swedish independent record label And the Sound Records and Japanese label Thomason Sounds (Inpartmaint) in 2006.
Swan Miara is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the south of the district where it borders Abbottabad District.
In Rococo - era France, an enchantress disguised as a beggar arrives at a ball and offers the host, a coldhearted prince, a rose for shelter. When he refuses, she transforms him into a beast and his servants into household objects, and erases the castle from the memories of their loved ones. She casts a spell on the rose and warns the prince that the curse will never lift unless he learns to love another, and earn their love in return, before the last petal falls.
The eleventh season of the American television sitcom The Big Bang Theory premiered on CBS on Monday, September 25, 2017. It returned to its regular Thursday time slot on November 2, 2017, after Thursday Night Football on CBS ended.
Nanjing, with a total land area of 6,598 square kilometres (2,548 sq mi), is situated in the heartland of drainage area of lower reaches of Yangtze River, and in Yangtze River Delta, one of the largest economic zones of China. The Yangtze River flows past the west side and then north side of Nanjing City, while the Ningzheng Ridge surrounds the north, east and south side of the city. The city is 300 kilometres (190 mi) west-northwest of Shanghai, 1,200 kilometres (750 mi) south-southeast of Beijing, and 1,400 kilometres (870 mi) east-northeast of Chongqing. The downstream Yangtze River flows from Jiujiang, Jiangxi, through Anhui and Jiangsu to East Sea, north to drainage basin of downstream Yangtze is Huai River basin and south to it is Zhe River basin, and they are connected by the Grand Canal east to Nanjing. The area around Nanjing is called Hsiajiang (下江, Downstream River) region, with Jianghuai (江淮) stressing northern part and Jiangzhe (江浙) stressing southern part. The region is also known as Dongnan (東南, South East, the Southeast) and Jiangnan (江南, River South, south of Yangtze).
Caralyn Kozlowski as Regina, Sally and Gillian's mother, who died of a broken heart after losing her husband to the Owens' curse.
Néria Lúcio Buzatto (born January 13, 1980, in Monte Santo de Minas) is a lawyer and politician of Brazil. She is affiliated with the Workers Party (Partido dos Trabalhadores) (PT). She was a councilor in Patrocinio Paulista, she served for 2 terms and is currently vice mayor of Patrocinio Paulista. She was the first woman to be elected vice mayor of Patrocinio Paulista and the first African-Brazilian to be councilor and mayor of this town. Her mandate was the year of 2007.
The thirteenth season of the American television medical drama Grey's Anatomy premiered on September 22, 2016, in the United States on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC), and consisted of 24 episodes. The season was ordered on March 3, 2016, along with ABC's other shows. The season is produced by ABC Studios, in association with ShondaLand Production Company and The Mark Gordon Company; the showrunner being Shonda Rhimes.
The Palau Güell (, ) is a mansion designed by the architect Antoni Gaudí for the industrial tycoon Eusebi Güell and built between 1886 and 1888. It is situated on the Carrer Nou de la Rambla, in the El Raval neighbourhood of the city of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain. It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site "Works of Antoni Gaudí".
Chen Yuan was the fourth son of Chen Shubao, and the oldest son of Chen Shubao's favorite concubine Consort Zhang Lihua. His exact birth year is not known. At the time of Chen Yuan's birth, Chen Shubao was crown prince under Chen Yuan's grandfather Emperor Xuan. On her account, Chen Shubao also greatly favored Chen Yuan, but at the order of Emperor Xuan, Chen Yuan's older brother Chen Yin, Chen Shubao's oldest son, was designated heir. (Chen Yin was also not born of Chen Shubao's wife Crown Princess Shen Wuhua, but Crown Princess Shen raised him after Chen Yin's mother Consort Sun died in childbirth in 573).
Batman utilizes a vast arsenal of specialized, high-tech vehicles and gadgets in his war against crime, the designs of which usually share a bat motif. Batman historian Les Daniels credits Gardner Fox with creating the concept of Batman's arsenal with the introduction of the utility belt in Detective Comics #29 (July 1939) and the first bat-themed weapons the batarang and the "Batgyro" in Detective Comics #31 and #32 (Sept., Oct. 1939).
Edeline Lee was born and raised in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada and completed a Bachelor of Arts degree with First Class Joint Honors at McGill University in 1999. She completed her Foundation in Arts and Design at Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design in 2000 and in 2006 graduated with a First from Central Saint Martins with a BA (Honours) Fashion Design Womenswear.
Mercers Saltworks is a former settlement in Summers County, West Virginia, United States. Mercers Saltworks was located on the New River, east of Lick Creek and appeared on maps as late as 1932.
Federer has won a record eight Wimbledon titles, a joint - record six Australian Open titles, a record five consecutive US Open titles, and one French Open title. He is one of eight men to have captured a career Grand Slam. Federer has reached a record 30 men's singles Grand Slam finals, including 10 in a row from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships to the 2007 US Open. He reached the semifinals at 23 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments, from the 2004 Wimbledon Championships through to the 2010 Australian Open. Federer has also won a record six ATP Finals, 27 ATP World Tour Masters 1000 titles, and a record 20 ATP World Tour 500 titles. Given these achievements, many players and analysts consider Federer the greatest tennis player of all time.
Fogle Peak () is a distinctive pointed peak, high, standing at the head of Kamb Glacier in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named in 1992 by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after Benson Fogle, Program Manager for Upper Atmospheric Research, Division of Polar Programs, National Science Foundation, 1976–85.
Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid is a 1982 neo-noir comedy-mystery film directed by Carl Reiner. Starring Steve Martin and Rachel Ward, the film is both a parody of and a homage to "film noir" and the pulp detective movies of the 1940s. The title refers to Martin's character telling a story about a woman obsessed with plaid in a scene that was ultimately cut from the film.
A Jagged Era (1997) J.E. Heartbreak (2000) Jagged Little Thrill (2001) Hard (2003) Jagged Edge (2006) Baby Makin 'Project (2007) The Remedy (2011) J.E. Heartbreak 2 (2014) The Layover (2017)
Greece (Greek: Ελλάδα), officially the Hellenic Republic (Greek: Ελληνική Δημοκρατία), historically also known as Hellas, is a country in Southern Europe, with a population of approximately 11 million as of 2016. Athens is the nation's capital and largest city, followed by Thessaloniki.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar (born Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor Jr.; April 16, 1947) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 20 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for the Milwaukee Bucks and the Los Angeles Lakers. During his career as a center, Abdul-Jabbar was a record six-time NBA Most Valuable Player (MVP), a record 19-time NBA All-Star, a 15-time All-NBA selection, and an 11-time NBA All-Defensive Team member. A member of six NBA championship teams as a player and two more as an assistant coach, Abdul-Jabbar twice was voted NBA Finals MVP. In 1996, he was honored as one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History. NBA coach Pat Riley and players Isiah Thomas and Julius Erving have called him the greatest basketball player of all time.
Liu Ju (; 128–91 BC), formally known as Crown Prince Wei (衛太子) and posthumously as Crown Prince Li (戾太子, literally "the Unrepentant Crown Prince") was a Western Han Dynasty crown prince. He was the eldest son and the heir apparent to his father, Emperor Wu of Han, until his death at age 38 during the political turmoil in 91 BC. Contrary to his less-than-flattering posthumous name, Liu Ju was generally regarded by historians as a well-mannered, benevolent, morally upright man who, by circumstances out of his control, was forced into an uprising against his father's army and died as a consequence of the rebellion.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Tim Burton's 2005 film of the same name. The film's music was composed by Danny Elfman who also provided vocals for the songs.
Ilson Pereira Dias Júnior (born 12 October 1985 in São Bernardo do Campo), commonly known as Ilsinho, is a Brazilian right midfielder who currently plays for the Philadelphia Union. Ilsinho originally started his career as a right back, but during his time at Shakhtar Donetsk he was used as a winger, where he showed off his skill and speed.
Rošpoh (; in older sources also "Rožpoh", ) is a dispersed settlement north of Maribor in northeastern Slovenia. The largest part of the settlement belongs to the City Municipality of Maribor. The remaining part of the settlement belongs to the Municipality of Kungota.
Little Samson, known in Japan as , is a 1992 action platformer video game developed by Takeru and published by Taito Corporation for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
WKDM 1380 is a United States ethnic brokered radio station licensed to New York City. The station is owned by Multicultural Broadcasting and airs programming in Mandarin Chinese, 24 hours a day from Monday to Friday. On the weekends, it broadcasts in Mexican Spanish for a Mexican audience. Its transmitting facility is located in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
Alfred Grace (10 March 1866 – 16 September 1929) was an English cricketer. He played for Gloucestershire between 1886 and 1891.
Grace Vernon Drake-Brockman (née Bussell; 1860 – 7 October 1935), commonly referred to as Grace Bussell, was a woman from Western Australia. In 1876, as a 16-year-old, she was involved in the rescue of the SS "Georgette", for which she was awarded the Royal Humane Society's Silver Medal.
Stadtholder William III of Orange, who later became King of England, emerged as the strongest opponent of king Louis XIV after the French attacked the Dutch Republic in 1672. William formed the League of Augsburg as a coalition to oppose Louis and the French state. Consequently, many Huguenots considered the wealthy and Calvinist Dutch Republic, which led the opposition to Louis XIV, as the most attractive country for exile after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes. They also found many French-speaking Calvinist churches there.
Rubik's Cube is a 3-D combination puzzle invented in 1974 by Hungarian sculptor and professor of architecture Ernő Rubik. Originally called the Magic Cube, the puzzle was licensed by Rubik to be sold by Ideal Toy Corp. in 1980 via businessman Tibor Laczi and Seven Towns founder Tom Kremer, and won the German Game of the Year special award for Best Puzzle that year. , 350 million cubes had been sold worldwide making it the world's top-selling puzzle game. It is widely considered to be the world's best-selling toy.
Beatrice Van (August 8, 1890, Omaha, Nebraska – July 4, 1983, Long Beach, California) was an American silent film actress. She was also a screenwriter for both silent and sound films.
"Cheap at Half the Price" was the third of a series of three solo albums Frith made for The Residents's record label Ralph Records, the first being "Gravity" (1980), an avant-garde "dance" record that drew on rhythm and dance from folk music across the world, and the second being "Speechless" (1981), a mixture of folk music, free improvisation, avant-rock and noise. He had recorded with The Residents in the late 1970s and early 1980s, and appeared on several of their albums. Both "Gravity" and "Speechless" were well received by critics.
The Great Lakes is the largest group of freshwater lakes on Earth by total area, and second largest by total volume containing 21% of the world's surface fresh water by volume. The total surface is 94,250 square miles (244,106 km), and the total volume (measured at the low water datum) is 5,439 cubic miles (22,671 km), a bit less than the volume of Lake Baikal (23,615 km3). Due to their sea - like characteristics (rolling waves, sustained winds, strong currents, great depths, and distant horizons) the five Great Lakes have also long been referred to as inland seas. Lake Superior is the second largest lake in the world by area, and Lake Michigan is the largest lake that is entirely within one country.
For The Greatest Story Ever Told, Stevens cast Swedish actor Max von Sydow as Jesus. Von Sydow had never appeared in an English - language film and was best known for his performances in Ingmar Bergman's dramatic films. Stevens wanted an actor unknown to international audiences, free of secular and unseemly associations in the mind of the public.
The Normandy landings were the landing operations on Tuesday, 6 June 1944 of the Allied invasion of Normandy in Operation Overlord during World War II. Codenamed Operation Neptune and often referred to as D-Day, it was the largest seaborne invasion in history. The operation began the liberation of German-occupied France (and later western Europe) from Nazi control, and laid the foundations of the Allied victory on the Western Front.
Avro International Aerospace was a British aircraft manufacturer formed in 1993 by British Aerospace to consolidate production of the British Aerospace 146 at Woodford Aerodrome near Manchester. The company produced new variants of the 146 with updated engines and avionics as the Avro RJ70, Avro RJ85 and Avro RJ100 regional jets.
``Do n't Know What You Got (Till It's Gone) ''is a power ballad written and performed by the glam metal band Cinderella, from their second album Long Cold Winter. Released in August 1988, it was their most successful single, peaking at number 12 on US Billboard Hot 100 in November 1988.
The Villa District, also known as Villa Historic District, () is a historic district in Chicago, Illinois, United States. It is located on Chicago's Northwest Side within the community area of Irving Park. Its borders are along Pulaski Road to the west, the Union Pacific/Northwest rail line to the north, Hamlin Avenue to the east, and Addison Street to the south. Located directly north of the Wacławowo area of Avondale, the Villa District is serviced by the Blue Line's Addison street station.
Egypt has one of the longest histories of any modern country, arising in the tenth millennium BC as one of the world's first nation states. Considered a cradle of civilisation, Ancient Egypt experienced some of the earliest developments of writing, agriculture, urbanisation, organised religion and central government. Iconic monuments such as the Giza Necropolis and its Great Sphinx, as well the ruins of Memphis, Thebes, Karnak, and the Valley of the Kings, reflect this legacy and remain a significant focus of archaeological study and popular interest worldwide. Egypt's rich cultural heritage is an integral part of its national identity, having endured, and at times assimilated, various foreign influences, including Greek, Persian, Roman, Arab, Ottoman, and European. Although Christianised in the first century of the Common Era, it was subsequently Islamised due to the Islamic conquests of the seventh century.
Lowell Raymond Palmer (born August 18, 1947 in Sacramento, California) is a retired American Major League Baseball pitcher. The right-hander was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies in the 1st round (6th pick) of the 1966 amateur draft (Secondary Phase). He played for the Phillies (1969–1971), St. Louis Cardinals (1972), Cleveland Indians (1972), and San Diego Padres (1974). Palmer was called up to the Phillies after posting a 36–17 record in 3 minor league seasons, with 534 strikeouts in 516 innings pitched, and made his major league debut on June 21, 1969.
KMJQ, (Majic 102.1), is an Urban Adult Contemporary-formatted radio station located in Houston, Texas. Owned by Radio One, it is one of the most well-programmed heritage urban contemporary stations in the U.S. and has a strong listenership repertoire among listeners in Houston. Co-owned with KBXX and KROI, its studios are located in the Greenway Plaza district, and its 100 kW transmitter is based outside Missouri City, Texas. It is one of the high-ranking stations in Greater Houston, commanding a Top 5 position according to Arbitron, with KMJQ sometimes reaching number-one on many reports.
The Landlord's Game is a board game patented in 1904 by Elizabeth Magie as . It is a realty and taxation game intended to educate users about Georgism. It is the inspiration for the board game "Monopoly".
Vanessa Hudgens as Kailani Laguatan Gabato's daughter whom Sean falls in love with and who is part of the father - daughter tour guide team.
Levitzki died suddenly of a heart attack aged 42, in 1941, at his home in Avon-by-the-Sea, New Jersey. Levitski's papers are conserved at the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.
Auer was a member of the Parliament of Finland from 1919–1922 and 1924–1927 representing the National Progressive Party. He was again in the Parliament from 1929–1930, this time representing the Agrarian Party. On all three occasions, Auer was elected from the constituency of Uusimaa Province. He was 2nd Minister of Agriculture in the cabinet of Lauri Ingman in 1924 and became Minister of Agriculture after the Agrarian Party withdrew from the cabinet.
Bank of America Stadium is a 75,523 - seat football stadium located on 33 acres (13 ha) in uptown Charlotte, North Carolina, United States. It is the home facility and headquarters of the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League. The stadium opened in 1996 as Ericsson Stadium before Bank of America purchased the naming rights in 2004. Former Panthers president Danny Morrison called it ``(A) classic American stadium ''due to its bowl design and other features.
The Rinža (German: Rinse, Rinnse) is a river of Slovenia. It is long and flows through Kočevje. It is the main watercourse of the Kočevje Polje and it is a losing stream. A few kilometers downstream of Kočevje, it goes subterranean. It emerges again as the Bilpa, a tributary of the Kolpa.
The Secret Daughter is an Australian television drama series which premiered on the Seven Network on 3 October 2016. The series is written by Justin Monjo, Greg Haddrick, Louise Bowes and Keith Thompson and directed by Leah Purcell, Geoff Bennett and Paul Moloney. The drama centres around part - time country pub singer Billie Carter (Jessica Mauboy), who has a chance meeting with a wealthy city hotelier and rediscovers information about her family and history. The second season premiered on 8 November 2017.
Best of Rockers & Ballads is a compilation album released by Roger Daltrey in 1991. The music was compiled by Paul Jansen and mastered for CD by Bart Orange.
In December 2010, the death of Michael Faherty in County Galway, Ireland, was recorded as ``spontaneous combustion ''by the coroner. The doctor, Ciaran McLoughlin, made this statement at the inquiry into the death:`` This fire was thoroughly investigated and I'm left with the conclusion that this fits into the category of spontaneous human combustion, for which there is no adequate explanation.''
Chasetown, whilst playing at Level 8 of English football during the 2007–08 competition, are the lowest-ranked team to play in the Third Round Proper (final 64, of 731 teams entered that season). Chasetown was then a member of the Southern League Division One Midlands (a lower level within the Southern Football League), when they lost to Football League Championship (Level 2) team Cardiff City, the eventual FA Cup runners-up that year. Their success earned the lowly organisation over £60,000 in prize money.
Świecie County () is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland. It came into being on January 1, 1999, as a result of the Polish local government reforms passed in 1998. Its administrative seat and largest town is Świecie, which lies north of Toruń and north-east of Bydgoszcz. The only other town in the county is Nowe, lying north-east of Świecie.
Groovin' with Golson is the sixth album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1959 and originally released on the New Jazz label.
David's Mother is a 1994 American made-for-television drama film directed by Robert Allan Ackerman and stars Kirstie Alley as a devoted mother trying to cope with her autistic teenage son David (Michael Goorjian). The film aired on CBS on April 10, 1994, it has also aired internationally. In the UK it can often be seen on television movie channels True Movies 1 and True Movies 2. It has also been released in home entertainment formats in countries including the United States, UK and Australia.
Three Gut Records was a Guelph, Ontario, Canada based independent record label. It was founded in 1999 by Lisa Moran and Tyler Clarke Burke as a vehicle for releasing albums by their friends; it became an influential player in Canadian music with the breakout success of the Constantines' self-titled 2001 release on the label. Three Gut releases were distributed by Outside Music.
Peter B. Germano (New Bedford, Massachusetts, May 17, 1913 - Wildwood, California, September 20, 1983) was an American author of short stories, novels, and television scripts. He began his career with short stories. He wrote articles documenting the Marines in World War II as a combat correspondent. He wrote novels, most of which were westerns, but also wrote science fiction. And, as television became ever-present in American culture, Peter wrote numerous television scripts for western, science-fiction, drama, and cartoon series.
Mission San Juan Capistrano (originally christened in 1716 as "La Misión San José de los Nazonis" and located in East Texas) was founded in 1731 by Spanish Catholics of the Franciscan Order, on the eastern banks of the San Antonio River in present-day San Antonio, Texas. The new settlement (part of a chain of Spanish missions) was named for a 15th-century theologian and warrior priest who resided in the Abruzzo region of Italy. The mission San Juan was named after Saint John of Capestrano.
``He's Gonna Step On You Again ''(a.k.a.`` Step On'') is a song co-written by Christos Demetriou and performed by John Kongos in 1971.
From Them, Through Us, to You is the debut album by Chicago-based rock band Madina Lake. The album was released in the United States on March 27, 2007 via Roadrunner Records; it was released a day earlier in the UK.
The historian Francis Aidan Gasquet wrote about the 'Great Pestilence' in 1893 and suggested that "it would appear to be some form of the ordinary Eastern or bubonic plague". He was able to adopt the epidemiology of the bubonic plague for the Black Death for the second edition in 1908, implicating rats and fleas in the process, and his interpretation was widely accepted for other ancient and medieval epidemics, such as the Justinian plague that was prevalent in the Eastern Roman Empire from 541 to 700 CE.
Alexandre Martin (27 April 1815 – 28 May 1895), nicknamed Albert l'Ouvrier ("Albert the Worker"), was a French socialist statesman of the French Second Republic. He was the first member of the industrial working class to be in French government.
Ross Bay Cemetery is located at 1516 Fairfield Road in Victoria, British Columbia, on Vancouver Island, Canada. Many historical figures from the early days of the province and colony of British Columbia are buried at Ross Bay.
The tourism industry began in the early 19th century when foreigners visited the Alps, traveled to the bases of the mountains to enjoy the scenery, and stayed at the spa-resorts. Large hotels were built during the Belle Époque; cog-railways, built early in the 20th century, brought tourists to ever higher elevations, with the Jungfraubahn terminating at the Jungfraujoch, well above the eternal snow-line, after going through a tunnel in Eiger. During this period winter sports were slowly introduced: in 1882 the first figure skating championship was held in St. Moritz, and downhill skiing became a popular sport with English visitors early in the 20th century, as the first ski-lift was installed in 1908 above Grindelwald.
The Borrible Trilogy is a series of young adult books written by English writer Michael de Larrabeiti. The three volumes in the trilogy are The Borribles, The Borribles Go For Broke, and The Borribles: Across the Dark Metropolis.
The Datsun Sports (called Datsun Fairlady in the Japanese and Australian markets), was a series of roadsters produced by Nissan in the 1960s. The series was a predecessor to the Z-car in the Fairlady line, and offered a competitor to the European MG, Triumph, Fiat and Alfa Romeo sports cars. The line began with the 1959 S211 and continued through 1970 with the SP311 and SR311 lines.
The Acura MDX, or Honda MDX as known in Japan and Australia (only the first generation was imported), is a mid-size three-row luxury crossover, produced by the Japanese automaker Honda under its Acura luxury nameplate since 2000. The alphanumeric moniker stands for "Multi-Dimensional luxury". According to Honda, the MDX is the best-selling three-row luxury crossover of all time, with cumulative U.S. sales expected to surpass 700,000 units before the end of 2014. It has ranked as the second-best selling luxury crossover after the Lexus RX, which offers only two rows of seats.
Namibia (i/nəˈmɪbiə/, /næˈ-/), officially the Republic of Namibia (German:  Republik Namibia (help·info); Afrikaans: Republiek van Namibië) is a country in southern Africa whose western border is the Atlantic Ocean. It shares land borders with Zambia and Angola to the north, Botswana to the east and South Africa to the south and east. Although it does not border Zimbabwe, a part of less than 200 metres of the Zambezi River (essentially a small bulge in Botswana to achieve a Botswana/Zambia micro-border) separates it from that country. Namibia gained independence from South Africa on 21 March 1990, following the Namibian War of Independence. Its capital and largest city is Windhoek, and it is a member state of the United Nations (UN), the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the African Union (AU), and the Commonwealth of Nations.
Shrek the Third is a 2007 American computer - animated fantasy comedy film and the third installment in the Shrek franchise, produced by DreamWorks Animation. It is the sequel to 2004's Shrek 2, and is the first in the series to be distributed by Paramount Pictures, which acquired DreamWorks Pictures, the former parent of DreamWorks Animation, in 2006. Chris Miller and Raman Hui directed and co-directed the film, respectively, with the former also co-writing the screenplay with Jeffrey Price, Peter S. Seaman, and Aron Warner. In addition to Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz, Antonio Banderas, Rupert Everett, Julie Andrews, and John Cleese, who reprise their roles from Shrek 2, the film also features Justin Timberlake in the role of Arthur Pendragon and Eric Idle as Merlin. Harry Gregson - Williams composed the original music for the film. The story takes place eight months after the marriage of Shrek and Fiona in the first film. Reluctantly reigning over the kingdom of Far, Far Away, Shrek sets out to find the next heir to the throne -- Fiona's cousin Artie, while Prince Charming is plotting to overthrow Shrek and become king.
The BRDM-2 entered service with the Soviet Army in 1962. It was first publicly shown in 1966. It replaced the BRDM-1 in the Soviet and Warsaw Pact armies. Production started in 1962 and went on until 1989, with 7,200 vehicles produced (mostly for export).
The Short S.16 Scion and Scion II were 1930s British two-engine, cantilever monoplanes built by Short Brothers and (under licence) by Pobjoy Airmotors and Aircraft Ltd. in Rochester, Kent between 1933 and 1937. Altogether 22 Scion/Scion II aircraft were built and they provided useful service to operators working from small airstrips/water courses in many parts of the globe, including Europe, the Near and Middle East, Sierra Leone, Papua New Guinea and Australia. Many were impressed into the RAF during the Second World War, providing pilot ferry services, anti-aircraft co-operation and radar calibration duties. Of the civilian Scions, at least two were still operating in Australia in 1966, one having been re-engined with de Havilland Gipsy Minor engines.
Peter Emil Julius Blum (born 4 May 1925, Trieste, Kingdom of Italy – died 5 December 1990, London, England, UK) was an Afrikaans poet. As a child, he emigrated to the Union of South Africa with his family. From an early age Blum was already able to speak several languages, including German and Italian.
Two Minutes Silence is a 1933 Australian melodrama set during World War I based on Les Haylen's anti-war play. It was the fourth and last feature film by the Sydney-based McDonagh sisters, Paulette, Isobel and Phyllis, who called it "by far the best picture we produced". It is considered Australia's first anti-war movie and is a lost film.
Amnesia: The Dark Descent Developer (s) Frictional Games Publisher (s) Frictional Games Designer (s) Thomas Grip Jens Nilsson Programmer (s) Thomas Grip Luis Rodero Morales Artist (s) Marcus Johansson Marc Nicander Writer (s) Mikael Hedberg Composer (s) Mikko Tarmia Engine HPL Engine 2 Platform (s) Microsoft Windows Mac OS X Linux PlayStation 4 Release Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Linux WW: 8 September 2010 PlayStation 4 WW: 22 November 2016 Genre (s) Survival horror Mode (s) Single - player
Air Florida was an American low - cost carrier that operated from 1971 to 1984. In 1975 it was headquartered in the Dadeland Towers in what is now Kendall, Florida in unincorporated Miami - Dade County, Florida.
The eight member countries of the Warsaw Pact pledged the mutual defense of any member who would be attacked. Relations among the treaty signatories were based upon mutual non-intervention in the internal affairs of the member countries, respect for national sovereignty, and political independence. However, almost all governments of those member states were indirectly controlled by the Soviet Union.
The National Dream is a 1970 Canadian non-fiction book by Pierre Berton describing the planning and commencement of the Canadian Pacific Railway between 1871 and 1881.
Sally is Jack Skellington's love interest. She is a very pretty, loving, caring, and shy rag doll who told Jack that Christmas and Halloween should n't be mixed. She is originally patched together by Doctor Finkelstein. She is the only one to have doubts about Jack's Christmas plan. Although her creator attempts to keep her constantly imprisoned, she often manages escape by slipping him deadly nightshade, causing him to fall asleep. Nightshade is a flower that grows atop the grave of a dead witch, as seen before Jack's first song which induces temporary somnolence upon consumption. This becomes essential to Sally managing to trick the Doctor and escape. Despite her makeshift appearance, Sally is a determined individual with a good feel for what is right. Fiona Apple provides the vocals for ``Sally's Song ''on the 2006 special edition of The Nightmare Before Christmas: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack, while Amy Lee provides the vocals for`` Sally's Song'' on Nightmare Revisited. She also appears in Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas: Oogie's Revenge.
Ernest Rides Again is a 1993 American comedy film written and directed by John R. Cherry III and starring Jim Varney. It opens with the song "There Once Was A Man Named Worrell". It is the sixth film to feature the character Ernest P. Worrell, the fifth film in the Ernest series, and the last to be released theatrically. Its gross was $1,433,496. In this movie, Ernest and a history professor discover a long-lost Revolutionary War cannon and must protect it from others who want the precious jewels hidden inside. Its budget was $7,000,000.
Quincy is a city in Gadsden County, Florida, United States. The population was 7,972 at the 2010 census, up from 6,982 at the 2000 census. It is the county seat of Gadsden County. Quincy is part of the Tallahassee, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The economy of India is the sixth - largest in the world measured by nominal GDP and the third - largest by purchasing power parity (PPP). The country ranks 141st in per capita GDP (nominal) with $1723 and 123rd in per capita GDP (PPP) with $6,616 as of 2016. After 1991 economic liberalisation, India achieved 6 - 7% average GDP growth annually. In FY 2015 and 2017 India's economy became the world's fastest growing major economy surpassing China.
Rwang Pam Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Jos, Nigeria. It is used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Jos teams JUTH F.C., Plateau United and Mighty Jets. The stadium has a capacity of 15,000 spectators.
List of mixtapes Title Album details Prince of the City: Welcome to Pistolvania Released: 2005 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Grow Season Released: 2007 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Prince of the City 2 Released: November 20, 2007 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Star Power Released: September 17, 2008 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Flight School Released: April 17, 2009 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download How Fly (with Currensy) Released: August 9, 2009 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Burn After Rolling Released: November 2, 2009 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Kush & Orange Juice Released: April 14, 2010 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Cabin Fever Released: February 17, 2011 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Taylor Allderdice Released: March 13, 2012 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Cabin Fever 2 Released: October 16, 2012 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download 28 Grams Released: May 25, 2014 (US) Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Cabin Fever 3 Released: December 15, 2015 Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Pre-Rolleds Released: June 3, 2017 Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Bong Rips Released: June 24, 2017 Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download Laugh Now, Fly Later Released: November 9, 2017 Label: Taylor Gang, Rostrum Format: Digital download, Streaming
The Federal Emergency Relief Administration (FERA) was the new name given by the Roosevelt Administration to the Emergency Relief Administration (ERA) which President Franklin Delano Roosevelt had created in 1933. FERA was established as a result of the Federal Emergency Relief Act and was replaced in 1935 by the Works Progress Administration (WPA).
Catherine Jagiellon was born in Kraków as the youngest daughter of King Sigismund I the Old of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and his wife Bona Sforza of Milan. Catherine became the spouse of King John III of Sweden and mother of the future Sigismund III Vasa, King of Poland. After the death of her father in 1548, she and her sisters Anna and Sophia moved to Masovia with their mother. After their mother's departure to Italy in 1558, they lived there alone. The sisters were not close to their brother Sigismund II Augustus of Poland. Catherine could reportedly speak Italian and Latin, and was described as more attractive than Anna, and most marriage suggestions were directed toward her.
On November 30, 2010, CBC's senior director of regulatory affairs issued a letter to the CRTC regarding CBC's plans for transitioning to digital. The letter states, "CBC/Radio-Canada will not be converting its analogue retransmitters in mandatory markets to digital after August 31, 2011."  On December 16, 2010, some months after the CRTC issued a bulletin reminding broadcasters that analog transmitters had to be shut off by the deadline in mandatory markets, the CBC revised the documents accompanying its August 6, 2010 news release to state that it had the money for and is striving to transition all 27 transmitters by August 31, 2011.
The White Suit () is a 1999 Serbian language film directed by Lazar Ristovski. It was a co-production between the United Kingdom and Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. It was Yugoslavia's official Best Foreign Language Film submission at the 72nd Academy Awards, but did not manage to receive a nomination.
Karl Albert August Ludwig Eichhorn (1 October 1856, Garlstorf – 3 August 1926, Braunschweig) was a German Protestant theologian. He was the author of "Das Abendmahl im Neuen Testament" and one of the founders of the history of religions school, an approach that sought to understand all religions, including Christianity and Judaism, as socio-cultural phenomena that developed in comparable ways. His pioneering work on the role of the contemporary needs, beliefs, and culture that shaped the New Testament reports of the Last Supper argued that this early Christian sacramental meal reflected the influence of Near Eastern gnostic ideas.
Crooked Run is a tributary of Catawissa Creek in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through North Union Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of . The stream is considered to be a High-Quality Coldwater Fishery and Class A Wild Trout Waters. However, it is impaired by atmospheric deposition. The main rock formations in the stream's watershed are the Mauch Chunk Formation and the Pocono Formation and the main soils are the Leck Kill soil and the Hazleton soil.
Edward the Great: The Greatest Hits is Iron Maiden's third "best-of album", originally released on 4 November 2002. In contrast to other works by the group collecting together songs from different albums, such as "Best of the Beast", "Edward the Great" includes no tracks with performances with vocalist Paul Di'Anno; however, material from when Blaze Bayley fronted the band were included.
During his travels beginning in 1403, Deshin Shekpa was induced by further exhortations by the Ming court to visit Nanjing by April 10, 1407. Norbu writes that the Yongle Emperor, following the tradition of Mongol emperors and their reverence for the Sakya lamas, showed an enormous amount of deference towards Deshin Shekpa. The Yongle Emperor came out of the palace in Nanjing to greet the Karmapa and did not require him to kowtow like a tributary vassal. According to Karma Thinley, the emperor gave the Karmapa the place of honor at his left, and on a higher throne than his own. Rossabi and others describe a similar arrangement made by Kublai Khan and the Sakya Phagpa lama, writing that Kublai would "sit on a lower platform than the Tibetan cleric" when receiving religious instructions from him.
John Darsee obtained his undergraduate education at the University of Notre Dame, then went to medical school at Indiana University, where he received a degree in 1974.
The Cincinnati Southern Bridge, officially the Cincinnati Southern Railroad Swinging Truss Bridge, is a swing bridge that carries the Norfolk Southern Railway over the Ohio River between Cincinnati, Ohio and Ludlow, Kentucky in the United States. The bridge is composed of four through truss spans: a main span on the northern side of the bridge, a currently unused swing span on the southern side, and two additional spans over the main shipping channels in the center of the bridge. The bridge crosses the Ohio River just downstream from downtown Cincinnati, and can be seen clearly from the lower level of the nearby Brent Spence Bridge.
A special tribute to Simon Cowell was presented in the finale for his final season with the show. Many figures from the show's past, including Paula Abdul, made an appearance.
The key characteristic of classical music that distinguishes it from popular music and folk music is that the repertoire tends to be written down in musical notation, creating a musical part or score. This score typically determines details of rhythm, pitch, and, where two or more musicians (whether singers or instrumentalists) are involved, how the various parts are coordinated. The written quality of the music has enabled a high level of complexity within them: J.S. Bach's fugues, for instance, achieve a remarkable marriage of boldly distinctive melodic lines weaving in counterpoint yet creating a coherent harmonic logic that would be impossible in the heat of live improvisation. The use of written notation also preserves a record of the works and enables Classical musicians to perform music from many centuries ago. Musical notation enables 2000s-era performers to sing a choral work from the 1300s Renaissance era or a 1700s Baroque concerto with many of the features of the music (the melodies, lyrics, forms, and rhythms) being reproduced.
The Battle of Cannae (/ ˈkæni, - eɪ, - aɪ /) was a major battle of the Second Punic War that took place on 2 August 216 BC in Apulia, in southeast Italy. The army of Carthage, under Hannibal, surrounded and decisively defeated a larger army of the Roman Republic under the consuls Lucius Aemilius Paullus and Gaius Terentius Varro. It is regarded both as one of the greatest tactical feats in military history and as one of the worst defeats in Roman history.
The Famous Jett Jackson is a joint Canadian-American coming-of-age television series for the Disney Channel. The show is about a boy named Jett Jackson (Lee Thompson Young) who plays a teenage secret agent on a fictional TV show-within-a-show called "Silverstone".
While local government in Ireland has limited powers in comparison with other countries, the council has responsibility for planning, roads, sanitation, libraries, street lighting, parks, and a number of other important functions. Cork City Council has 31 elected members representing six electoral wards. The members are affiliated to the following political parties: Fine Gael (5 members), Fianna Fáil (10 members), Sinn Féin (8 members), Anti-Austerity Alliance (3 members), Workers' Party (1 member), Independents (4 members). Certain councillors are co-opted to represent the city at the South-West Regional Authority. A new Lord Mayor of Cork is chosen in a vote by the elected members of the council under a D'Hondt system count.
The Lego Batman Movie premiered in Dublin, Ireland on January 29, 2017, and was released in the United States on February 10, 2017. Internationally, the film was released in 3D, RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema, and IMAX 3D and Premium Theaters Cinemark XD, RPX, AMC Prime, Ultrascreen and BigD. The film received positive reviews from critics, who praised its animation, vocal performances, musical score, visual style and humor and grossed $312 million worldwide.
Hayrat is a town and district of Trabzon Province, located in the Black Sea region of Turkey. The mayor is Mehmet Nuhoğlu (AKP).
In 1981, the MUSE system was demonstrated for the first time in the United States, using the same 5:3 aspect ratio as the Japanese system. Upon visiting a demonstration of MUSE in Washington, US President Ronald Reagan was impressed and officially declared it "a matter of national interest" to introduce HDTV to the US.
Throughout The Faerie Queene, Spenser creates ``a network of allusions to events, issues, and particular persons in England and Ireland ''including Mary, Queen of Scots, the Spanish Armada, the English Reformation, and even the Queen herself. It is also known that James VI of Scotland read the poem, and was very insulted by Duessa -- a very negative depiction of his mother, Mary, Queen of Scots. The Faerie Queene was then banned in Scotland. This led to a significant decrease in Elizabeth's support for the poem. Within the text, both the Faerie Queene and Belphoebe serve as two of the many personifications of Queen Elizabeth, some of which are`` far from complimentary''.
Hotel Berlin is a drama film set in Berlin near the close of World War II, made by Warner Bros. in late 1944 to early 1945. Directed by Peter Godfrey, it stars Faye Emerson, Helmut Dantine, Raymond Massey and Andrea King. It is based on the novel "Hotel Berlin '43" by Vicki Baum (New York, 1944), a sequel to "Menschen im Hotel", which was itself adapted to film as "Grand Hotel" (1932).
``Missing You ''is a song performed by Diana Ross. The third single released (in 45 - rpm format) from her 1984 album Swept Away, the song had been written, composed, and produced by Lionel Richie as a tribute to Marvin Gaye, who was murdered by his father earlier that year.
EmArcy Records is a jazz record label founded in 1954 by Mercury Records, and today a European jazz label owned by Universal Music Group. The name is a phonetic spelling of "MRC", the initials for Mercury Record Company.
The extreme and stressful climatic conditions give way to the growth of plant species with secondary metabolites important for medicinal purposes. Origanum vulgare, Prunella vulgaris, Solanum nigrum and Urtica dioica are some of the more useful medicinal species found in the Alps.
Homer Calvin Davenport (March 8, 1867 – May 2, 1912) was a political cartoonist and writer from the U.S. He is known for drawings that satirized figures of the Gilded Age and Progressive Era, most notably Ohio Senator Mark Hanna. Although Davenport had no formal art training, he became one of the highest paid political cartoonists in the world. Davenport also was one of the first major American breeders of Arabian horses and one of the founders of the Arabian Horse Club of America.
It also used to be commonplace to have a team play an exhibition against Minor League affiliates during the regular season, but worries of injuries to players, along with travel issues, have made this very rare. Exhibitions between inter-city teams in different leagues, like Chicago's Crosstown Classic and New York's Subway Series which used to be played solely as exhibitions for bragging rights are now blended into interleague play. The annual MLB All-Star Game, played in July between players from AL teams and players from NL teams, was long considered an exhibition match, but as of 2003 this status was questioned because the league whose team wins the All-Star game has been awarded home field advantage for the upcoming World Series.
The Margate City Schools are a community public school district that serves students in kindergarten through eighth grade from Margate City, in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Students from Longport Borough, a non-operating school district, jointly attend the district's schools.
Greater London encompasses a total area of 1,583 square kilometres (611 sq mi), an area which had a population of 7,172,036 in 2001 and a population density of 4,542 inhabitants per square kilometre (11,760/sq mi). The extended area known as the London Metropolitan Region or the London Metropolitan Agglomeration, comprises a total area of 8,382 square kilometres (3,236 sq mi) has a population of 13,709,000 and a population density of 1,510 inhabitants per square kilometre (3,900/sq mi). Modern London stands on the Thames, its primary geographical feature, a navigable river which crosses the city from the south-west to the east. The Thames Valley is a floodplain surrounded by gently rolling hills including Parliament Hill, Addington Hills, and Primrose Hill. The Thames was once a much broader, shallower river with extensive marshlands; at high tide, its shores reached five times their present width.
Seven Days Grace () is a 1969 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer. It was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival.
The York River is a river in Renfrew County, Hastings County and Haliburton County in Ontario, Canada. The river is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin, and flows from the southern extension of Algonquin Provincial Park to the Madawaska River.
Transavia Denmark ApS, also known as Transavia.com Denmark or Transavia Denmark and trading as transavia.com, was a Danish based low-cost airline operating as a subsidiary of Transavia.com group. Its main base was at Copenhagen Airport. Transavia Denmark chiefly operated scheduled and charter services to leisure destinations. It was headquartered in Kastrup, Tårnby Municipality.
Naples is a city in Collier County, Florida, United States. As of 2015, the city's population was about 20,600. Naples is a principal city of the Naples - Marco Island, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area, which had a population of about 322,000 as of 2015. Naples is one of the wealthiest cities in the United States, with the sixth highest per capita income in the country, and the second highest proportion of millionaires per capita in the US. Real estate is among the most expensive in the country, with houses for sale in excess of $40 million.
Eetookashoo Bay is a waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada. It is located at the northern end of Axel Heiberg Island between Cape Thomas Hubbard and Cape Stallworthy. The bay is named in honor of Eetookashoo ("Itukassuk"), one of the Inuit who had traveled with Frederick Cook and Donald Baxter MacMillan.
Jacques Audiard (; born 30 April 1952) is a French film director and screenwriter. He is the son of Michel Audiard, also a film director and screenwriter.
Wolli Creek () is an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment located in the southern suburbs of Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.
Xinhui People's Hospital is a hospital located in the Xinhui District of Jiangmen City, Guangdong Province, China, affiliated to the Southern Medical University.
James Cornelison (born June 20, 1964) is a professional singer who sings ``The Star - Spangled Banner ''and`` O Canada'' at the beginning of home games for the Chicago Blackhawks and he is accompanied by organist Frank Pellico. Cornelison started singing the anthem for the Blackhawks part - time in 1996; he has been singing the national anthem for the Blackhawks full - time since 2007. He has also performed the anthem before Chicago Bears home games at Soldier Field during the 2010 - 11 NFL playoffs, as well as the 2011 season opener against the Atlanta Falcons, which fell on the tenth anniversary of the September 11 attacks.
Pune (Marathi pronunciation: (puɳe); English: / ˈpuːnə /;), formerly spelled Poona (1857 -- 1978), is the second largest city in the Indian state of Maharashtra, after Mumbai. It is the ninth most populous city in the country with an estimated population of 3.13 million. Along with its industrial twin Pimpri - Chinchwad as well as the three cantonment towns of Pune, Khadki and Dehu Road, Pune forms the urban core of the eponymous Pune Metropolitan Region (PMR). According to the 2011 census, the urban area has a combined population of 5.05 million while the population of the metropolitan region is estimated at 7.27 million. Situated 560 metres (1,837 feet) above sea level on the Deccan plateau on the right bank of the Mutha river, Pune is also the administrative headquarters of its namesake district. In the 18th century, the city was the seat of the Peshwas, the prime ministers of the Maratha Empire and so was one of the most important political centres on the Indian subcontinent.
It is generally considered that the Pacific War began on 7/8 December 1941, on which date Japan invaded Thailand and attacked the British possessions of Malaya, Singapore, and Hong Kong as well as the United States military bases in Hawaii, Wake Island, Guam and the Philippines. Some historians contend that the conflict in Asia can be dated back to 7 July 1937 with the beginning of the Second Sino-Japanese War between the Empire of Japan and the Republic of China, or possibly 19 September 1931, beginning with the Japanese invasion of Manchuria. However, it is more widely accepted that the Pacific War itself started in early December 1941, with the Sino-Japanese War then becoming part of it as a theater of the greater World War II.[nb 9]
Child labour refers to the employment of children in any work that deprives children of their childhood, interferes with their ability to attend regular school, and that is mentally, physically, socially or morally dangerous and harmful. This practice is considered exploitative by many international organisations. Legislation across the world prohibit child labour. These laws do not consider all work by children as child labour; exceptions include work by child artists, family duties, supervised training, certain categories of work such as those by Amish children, some forms of child work common among indigenous American children, and others.
Jolly Jack's Lost Mine is a legend about a hidden placer mine supposed to be located in the Boundary Country of British Columbia. The mine has been written about by local historians and various magazines. Many have searched for the lost placer mine of Jolly Jack. It is a local legend in the Boundary Country.
Cochise (; in Apache: Shi-ka-She or A-da-tli-chi – "having the quality or strength of an oak", after the whites called him "Cochise", the Apache adopted it as "K'uu-ch'ish" or "Cheis" "oak"; c. 1805 – June 8, 1874) was leader of the "Chihuicahui" local group of the Chokonen ("central" or "real" Chiricahua) and principal chief (or "nantan") of the Chokonen band of the Chiricahua Apache. A key war leader during the Apache Wars, he led an uprising against the U.S. government which began in 1861, and persisted until a peace treaty in 1872. Cochise County, Arizona is named after him.
BMW cars have been officially sold in the United States since 1956 and manufactured in the United States since 1994. The first BMW dealership in the United States opened in 1975. In 2016, BMW was the twelfth highest selling brand in the United States.
The House passed the penultimate version of the bill on December 19, 2017, though for Senate procedural reasons small changes were needed and a revote was held in the House. The Senate passed the final version on December 20 in a 51 -- 48 vote and that final version was passed by the House of Representatives on that same day. The bill was signed into law by President Donald Trump on December 22, 2017. Most of the changes introduced by the bill went into effect on January 1, 2018 and will not affect 2017 taxes.
Lynn Loud, Sr. (voiced by Brian Stepanek) -- He is the father of the Loud children. His whole face is unseen until ``11 Louds a Leapin '. ''Lynn Sr. often breaks up fights between his children before it goes too far. In addition, Lynn Sr. does all the cooking in the family as he dreams of being a chef and open his own restaurant someday. In`` Along Came a Sister'', it is revealed that he has a fear of spiders like Leni. In ``Anti-Social, ''it is revealed that he has a band called the Clang with Kotaro.
Rugby union is the national sport in Samoa and the national team, nicknamed the Manu Samoa, is consistently competitive against teams from vastly more populous nations. Samoa has competed at every Rugby World Cup since 1991, and made the quarter finals in 1991, 1995 and the second round of the 1999 world cup. At the 2003 world cup, Manu Samoa came close to beating eventual world champions, England. Samoa also played in the Pacific Nations Cup and the Pacific Tri-Nations The sport is governed by the Samoa Rugby Football Union, who are members of the Pacific Islands Rugby Alliance, and thus, also contribute to the international Pacific Islanders rugby union team.
Lyuberetsky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the thirty-six in Moscow Oblast, Russia. It is located in the central part of the oblast east of the federal city of Moscow. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the city of Lyubertsy. Population: 265,113 (2010 Census); The population of Lyubertsy accounts for 65.1% of the district's total population.
Gmina Michałowo is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, on the border with Belarus. Its seat is the town of Michałowo, which lies approximately east of the regional capital Białystok. (Michałowo gained town status on 1 January 2009 – prior to that the district was classed as a rural gmina.)
``Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness ''is a well - known phrase in the United States Declaration of Independence. The phrase gives three examples of the`` unalienable rights'' which the Declaration says have been given to all human beings by their creator, and which governments are created to protect.
A browser extension is a computer program that extends the functionality of a web browser. Every major web browser supports the development of browser extensions.
Beyond Warped Live Music Series is a Dualdisc DVD/CD by the Huntington Beach, California punk rock band Guttermouth, released in 2005 by Immergent Records. The DVD side of the disc contains a 9-song live performance by the band on the 2004 Warped Tour, filmed in high definition and mixed in 5.1 Dolby surround sound. It also contains audio tracks of the studio album versions of each song from the setlist. The CD side of the disc contains the studio album versions of all 9 songs from the setlist. Some of the songs are mistitled on the album sleeve and DVD menus.
"Freedom" is a song written and recorded by Paul McCartney in response to the September 11 attacks in 2001. McCartney was in New York City at the time of the attacks and witnessed the event while sitting in a plane parked on the tarmac at New York's John F. Kennedy Airport.
Born in Santa Giustina, near Belluno in the Veneto, he was first elected to parliament in 1921. After the rise to power of the fascists, he joined, unlike many other liberals, the democratic opposition around old leader Giovanni Giolitti and in 1924 refused to candidate himself in the fascist-led national union list. When all political parties were dissolved in early 1925, he retired from political life and kept on being a lawyer.
While its fellow Canadian broadcasters converted most of their transmitters to digital by the Canadian digital television transition deadline of August 31, 2011, CBC converted only about half of the analogue transmitters in mandatory areas to digital (15 of 28 markets with CBC Television stations, and 14 of 28 markets with Télévision de Radio-Canada stations). Due to financial difficulties reported by the corporation, the corporation published digital transition plans for none of its analogue retransmitters in mandatory markets to be converted to digital by the deadline. Under this plan, communities that receive analogue signals by rebroadcast transmitters in mandatory markets would lose their over-the-air signals as of the deadline. Rebroadcast transmitters account for 23 of the 48 CBC and Radio-Canada transmitters in mandatory markets. Mandatory markets losing both CBC and Radio-Canada over-the-air signals include London, Ontario (metropolitan area population 457,000) and Saskatoon, Saskatchewan (metro area population 257,000). In both of those markets, the corporation's television transmitters are the only ones that were not planned to be converted to digital by the deadline.
"Good Love" is a song by American rapper Sheek Louch, released as the first single from his third album "Silverback Gorilla" (2008). The song samples "Tonight Is The Night" by Betty Wright and was produced by Red Spyda. The song is about him touring and meeting different women but all he is really looking for is "Good Love". The song was ranked #30 on the www.about.com "Top 100 Rap Songs of 2008".
Although the Act of Parliament defining high treason remains on the United Kingdom's statute books, during a long period of 19th - century legal reform the sentence of hanging, drawing, and quartering was changed to drawing, hanging until dead, and posthumous beheading and quartering, before being abolished in England in 1870. The death penalty for treason was abolished in 1998.
Thales Defense & Security, Inc. , a subsidiary of the Thales Group, is a leading manufacturer of tactical communications equipment, including the MBITR and JEM, currently fielded with the US Army and NATO forces worldwide. It is currently involved in the Joint Tactical Radio System program, fielding its MBITR JEM radio.
The Socialist Party of Oregon in Columbia County, Oregon began around the First Red Scare. The first year (1914) it went mainstream, the Socialist party had 27 more registered members than the Prohibition Party, who were some members of the Suffrage movement. The Socialist party was similar to the Progressive Party in the county, as it tried from the outskirts of government to make change. While Socialism failed its first year, it still received attention from the press who was aware of the October Revolution (1918) in Russia (Now the Soviet Union) by a similarly named government led by Vladimir Lenin.
I'm Still in Love with You is the fifth studio album by the American gospel and soul singer Al Green, released on October 23, 1972, on Hi Records. Recording sessions took place during 1972. The album was produced solely by Willie Mitchell. The album peaked at number four on the US "Billboard" 200 and number one on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and produced four singles: "Love and Happiness" which was rated ninety-eight on "Rolling Stones"'s 500 Greatest Songs of All Time as well as "I'm Still in Love with You" and "Look What You Done for Me" which were top five hits on the US Pop Chart. In 2003, the album was ranked number 285 on the 500 greatest albums of all time by "Rolling Stone".
In September 2010, it was announced that Transavia Denmark will cease operations on 23 April 2011. From 1 November 2010 the current activities were gradually down-scaled until the complete stop on 23 April 2011. The parent of Transavia Denmark, Air France-KLM, had stated that the Danish part of Transavia has not met up to expectations.
"Big Blue Note" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Toby Keith. It was released in September 2005 as the third and final single from Keith's album "Honkytonk University". It peaked at number 5 on the United States country charts. Partway through the single's release, DreamWorks Records closed its country division, so Keith promoted the album via his own label, Show Dog Nashville. Keith wrote the song with Scotty Emerick.
The 2015 Egypt bus accident occurred on 21 March 2015 when a bus fell off a bridge near Giza in Egypt. It plunged into a canal, killing at least 35, many of whom worked for a private construction company.
Yinchuan Hedong International Airport is the primary airport serving Yinchuan, the capital of Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, People's Republic of China. It is located southeast of downtown Yinchuan in the town of Linghe of Lingwu City. A relatively small airport compared to many airports in China, it nevertheless is the autonomous region's main aviation gateway. Its name "Hedong" literally means "East of the River" and derives from the airport's location east of the Yellow River. It is connected to over 20 cities by either direct flights, or transferring in Xi'an and Beijing. The terminal building covers a total area of . In 2013, the airport handled 4,247,843 passengers, making it the 39th-busiest airport in China.
Thailand (/ ˈtaɪlænd / TY - land), officially the Kingdom of Thailand and formerly known as Siam, is a country at the center of the Southeast Asian Indochinese peninsula composed of 76 provinces. At 513,120 km (198,120 sq mi) and over 68 million people, Thailand is the world's 50th largest country by total area and the 21st-most - populous country. The capital and largest city is Bangkok, a special administrative area. Thailand is bordered to the north by Myanmar and Laos, to the east by Laos and Cambodia, to the south by the Gulf of Thailand and Malaysia, and to the west by the Andaman Sea and the southern extremity of Myanmar. Its maritime boundaries include Vietnam in the Gulf of Thailand to the southeast, and Indonesia and India on the Andaman Sea to the southwest. Although nominally a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy, the most recent coup in 2014 established a de facto military dictatorship.
Ulfat Idilbi ( "; ) (November 1912, Damascus – 21 March 2007, Paris) was a Syrian novel writer. She wrote books that became best sellers in the Arabic-speaking world, such as "Dimashq ya Basimat el Huzn" ("Damascus - the Smile of Sadness", 1980), which was translated into many languages and filmed as "Basimat al Huzn" (TV series).
In the first season, Sunil Pal was the winner, Ahsaan Qureshi was runner up and Raju Srivastava was second runner up. In the second season contestants from Pakistan were present and the winner Rauf Lala was from Pakistan. The third season was won by Kapil Sharma and the first runner up was Chandan Prabhakar both from Amritsar. Many other talented comedians like Siraj Khan, Sudesh Lehari, Rajiv Thakur, Bharti Singh, Navin Prabhakar, Jassi Kochar, Khayaali, Dipoo Srivastava, Ahsaan Qureshi have appeared in the show.
Stadio Francesco Gabrielli is an arena in Rovigo, Italy. It is primarily used for football, and is the home to the Rovigo Calcio of the Serie D. It opened in 1893 and holds 3,500 spectators.
The Keele Campus of York University in the North York district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, occupies roughly 1 square kilometre of land and is situated between Jane Street to the west, Keele Street to the east, Steeles Avenue West to the north and Finch Avenue West to the south. The campus itself is located in North York (formerly the City of North York), now a census division within the City of Toronto. It is the largest post-secondary campus in Canada at 457 acres.
The University is organized into eleven separate academic units—ten faculties and the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study—with campuses throughout the Boston metropolitan area: its 209-acre (85 ha) main campus is centered on Harvard Yard in Cambridge, approximately 3 miles (5 km) northwest of Boston; the business school and athletics facilities, including Harvard Stadium, are located across the Charles River in the Allston neighborhood of Boston and the medical, dental, and public health schools are in the Longwood Medical Area. Harvard's $37.6 billion financial endowment is the largest of any academic institution.
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO / ˈneɪtoʊ /; French: Organisation du Traité de l'Atlantique Nord; OTAN), also called the North Atlantic Alliance, is an intergovernmental military alliance between 29 North American and European countries. The organization implements the North Atlantic Treaty that was signed on 4 April 1949. NATO constitutes a system of collective defence whereby its independent member states agree to mutual defence in response to an attack by any external party. NATO's Headquarters are located in Haren, Brussels, Belgium, while the headquarters of Allied Command Operations is near Mons, Belgium.
Silvestre De León was born in 1802 in Texas, the third child of empresario Martín De León and his wife Patricia de la Garza De León. Older brother Fernando De León had been born in Mexico in 1798. Sister Candelaria, who married José Miguel Aldrete, was born in Texas in 1800. They would eventually be joined by two more brothers: Felix (1806) and Agapito (1808). Five more sisters would also be born into the family: Guadalupe (1804) who married Desedrio Garcia; Maria (1810) who married Rafael Manchola; Refugia (1812) who married José María Jesús Carbajal; Augustina (1814) who married Plácido Benavides; and Francisca (1818) who married Vincente Dosal.
Archaeological discovery shows that "Nanjing Man" lived in more than 500 thousand years ago. Zun, a kind of wine vessel, was found to exist in Beiyinyangying culture of Nanjing in about 5000 years ago. In the late period of Shang dynasty, Taibo of Zhou came to Jiangnan and established Wu state, and the first stop is in Nanjing area according to some historians based on discoveries in Taowu and Hushu culture. According to legend,[which?] Fuchai, King of the State of Wu, founded a fort named Yecheng (冶城) in today's Nanjing area in 495 BC. Later in 473 BC, the State of Yue conquered Wu and constructed the fort of Yuecheng (越城) on the outskirts of the present-day Zhonghua Gate. In 333 BC, after eliminating the State of Yue, the State of Chu built Jinling Yi (金陵邑) in the western part of present-day Nanjing. It was renamed Moling (秣陵) during reign of Qin Shi Huang. Since then, the city experienced destruction and renewal many times.[citation needed] The area was successively part of Kuaiji, Zhang and Danyang prefectures in Qin and Han dynasty, and part of Yangzhou region which was established as the nation's 13 supervisory and administrative regions in the 5th year of Yuanfeng in Han dynasty (106 BC). Nanjing was later the capital city of Danyang Prefecture, and had been the capital city of Yangzhou for about 400 years from late Han to early Tang.
In June 1982, Diego Maradona was signed for a world record fee of £5 million from Boca Juniors. In the following season, under coach Luis, Barcelona won the Copa del Rey, beating Real Madrid. However, Maradona's time with Barcelona was short-lived and he soon left for Napoli. At the start of the 1984–85 season, Terry Venables was hired as manager and he won La Liga with noteworthy displays by German midfielder Bernd Schuster. The next season, he took the team to their second European Cup final, only to lose on penalties to Steaua Bucureşti during a dramatic evening in Seville.
The Vancouver Community Library is a library in Vancouver, Washington, in the United States. Part of the Fort Vancouver Regional Library District, the 83,000-square-foot library is the second largest in the Portland metropolitan area, second to the Central Library in Portland, Oregon. The library's grand opening was held on July 17, 2011. It is a LEED Gold Certified building.
The 2017 Major League Baseball All - Star Game was the 88th edition of the Major League Baseball All Star Game. The game was hosted by the Miami Marlins and was played at Marlins Park on July 11, 2017. It was televised nationally by Fox. The game was the first since 2002 whose outcome did not determine home - field advantage for the World Series; instead, the team with the better regular - season record will have home - field advantage. The Marlins were announced as the hosts on February 10, 2015, by Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred; the game was the Marlins' first time hosting, leaving the Tampa Bay Rays as the only MLB franchise not to have hosted an All - Star game.
Plymouth lies between the River Plym to the east and the River Tamar to the west; both rivers flow into the natural harbour of Plymouth Sound. Since 1967, the unitary authority of Plymouth has included the, once independent, towns of Plympton and Plymstock which lie along the east of the River Plym. The River Tamar forms the county boundary between Devon and Cornwall and its estuary forms the Hamoaze on which is sited Devonport Dockyard.
Born in Ocala, Florida, Hampton is the youngest of five children of a dentist father and a professional model mother. After graduating high school, Hampton enrolled at Stetson University to pursue a career in law. While in school he not only joined Sigma Nu fraternity (Delta Mu chapter), but caught onto acting. After college he married his current wife Jennifer and the two moved to Los Angeles where they currently reside.
USS "Goff" (DD-247) was a "Clemson"-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Secretary of the Navy Nathan Goff, Jr.
The Paris Region is France's leading region for economic activity, with a 2012 GDP of €624 billion (US$687 billion). In 2011, its GDP ranked second among the regions of Europe and its per-capita GDP was the 4th highest in Europe. While the Paris region's population accounted for 18.8 percent of metropolitan France in 2011, the Paris region's GDP accounted for 30 percent of metropolitan France's GDP. In 2015 it hosts the world headquarters of 29 of the 31 Fortune Global 500 companies located in France.
Island Airlines was a commuter airline headquartered at Barnstable Municipal Airport in Barnstable, Massachusetts, United States which operated hourly scheduled flights between the island of Nantucket and Hyannis, Massachusetts. Island Airlines (Hyannis) along with its sister company, Cape & Islands Air Freight, ceased operations on December 11, 2015.
Widespread segregation in 19th- and early 20th-century North America made it difficult for African-Americans to join Lodges outside of Prince Hall jurisdictions – and impossible for inter-jurisdiction recognition between the parallel U.S. Masonic authorities. By the 1980s, such discrimination was a thing of the past, and today most U.S. Grand Lodges recognise their Prince Hall counterparts, and the authorities of both traditions are working towards full recognition. The United Grand Lodge of England has no problem with recognising Prince Hall Grand Lodges. While celebrating their heritage as lodges of black Americans, Prince Hall is open to all men regardless of race or religion.
The Desert Studies Center (DSC) is a field station of the California State University located in Zzyzx, California, United States in the Mojave Desert. The purpose of the Center is to provide opportunities to conduct research, receive instruction and experience the Mojave Desert environment. It is officially operated by the California Desert Studies Consortium, a consortium of 7 CSU campuses: Dominguez Hills, Fullerton, Long Beach, Los Angeles, Northridge, San Bernardino and Cal Poly Pomona.
Summers are typically warm and humid with a July daily average of 75.6 °F (24.2 °C). During this time, the city gets a sea breeze off the ocean that often makes daytime temperatures much cooler than inland areas, making Atlantic City a prime place for beating the summer heat from June through September. Average highs even just a few miles west of Atlantic City exceed 85 °F (29 °C) in July. Near the coast, temperatures reach or exceed 90 °F (32 °C) on an average of only 6.8 days a year, but this reaches 21 days at nearby Atlantic City Int'l.[a] Winters are cool, with January averaging 35.5 °F (2 °C). Spring and autumn are erratic, although they are usually mild with low humidity. The average window for freezing temperatures is November 20 to March 25, allowing a growing season of 239 days. Extreme temperatures range from −9 °F (−23 °C) on February 9, 1934 to 104 °F (40 °C) on August 7, 1918.[b]
Will & Grace is an American sitcom created by Max Mutchnick and David Kohan. Set in New York City, the show focuses on the friendship between best friends Will Truman (Eric McCormack), a gay lawyer, and Grace Adler (Debra Messing), an interior designer. The show was broadcast on NBC from September 21, 1998, to May 18, 2006, for a total of eight seasons, and returned to NBC on September 28, 2017. "Will & Grace" has been one of the most successful television series with gay principal characters.
The Ten Commandments is a 1923 American silent religious epic film produced and directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Written by Jeanie MacPherson, the film is divided into two parts: a prologue recreating the biblical story of the Exodus and a modern story concerning two brothers and their respective views of the Ten Commandments.
Lieutenant-General Sir Anthony David Pigott, KCB, CBE (born 1944) is a former British Army officer. He presently serves as Independent Member of Steering Board at the Intellectual Property Office.
Smith was born in Poplarville, Mississippi to Nona Orene Bounds and her husband Hezekiah K. Smith, Sr. Smith was named after his maternal grandfather Larkin Bounds and his maternal uncle Irvin E. Bounds. He received his bachelor's degree from William Carey University and then served at various positions in the police forces in both Pearl River and then Harrison counties. He became the police chief in Gulfport and thereafter the Harrison County sheriff.
Antonio García Torres (born 11 October 1943) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party. As of 2014 he served as Senator of the LVIII and LIX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Michoacán.
Shih-Shan Henry Tsai writes that the Yongle Emperor sent his eunuch Yang Sanbao into Tibet in 1413 to gain the allegiance of various Tibetan princes, while the Yongle Emperor paid a small fortune in return gifts for tributes in order to maintain the loyalty of neighboring vassal states such as Nepal and Tibet. However, Van Praag states that Tibetan rulers upheld their own separate relations with the kingdoms of Nepal and Kashmir, and at times "engaged in armed confrontation with them."
Typically, the warmest day of the year (1971–2000) will achieve a temperature of 26.6 °C (80 °F), although in June 1976 the temperature reached 31.6 °C (89 °F), the site record. On average, 4.25 days of the year will report a maximum temperature of 25.1 °C (77 °F) or above. During the winter half of the year, the coldest night will typically fall to −4.1 °C (25 °F) although in January 1979 the temperature fell to −8.8 °C (16 °F). Typically, 18.6 nights of the year will register an air frost.
The Good Shepherd Convent is an English-medium high school in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. It is one of the top ranking schools in Chennai .
Life of Ryan is an American reality television series on MTV. The series debuted on August 27, 2007 with the second season premiering on January 8, 2008. The series follows the day-to-day life of professional skateboarder Ryan Sheckler as he manages his personal life and his career. Most episodes take place at Sheckler's home in San Clemente, California. His friends, along with fellow professional skateboarders, make various appearances in the series. The show aired for 3 seasons total.
Casa Verona's Mosque is a mosque in the Muthialpet area of Georgetown in Chennai, India. It is one of the oldest mosques in the city and was constructed by Casa Verona, a "dubash" of the British East India Company.
Coxs Creek, a watercourse of the Cooks River catchment, is located in the Inner West of Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.
Galloping Romeo is a 1933 American Pre-Code Western film released by Monogram Pictures, written and directed by Robert N. Bradbury, and starring Bob Steele.
KPRM (870 AM) is a radio station in Park Rapids, Minnesota. It has a hybrid classic country/conservative talk radio format. Locally, it broadcasts the popular "Coffee Talk" morning show, and is currently simulcasted on KDKK and KAKK.
At the time of the Roman Empire, about two thousand years ago, various tribes, which spoke Celtic dialects of the Insular Celtic group, were inhabiting the islands. The Romans expanded their civilisation to control southern Great Britain but were impeded in advancing any further, building Hadrian's Wall to mark the northern frontier of their empire in 122 AD. At that time, Ireland was populated by a people known as Hiberni, the northern third or so of Great Britain by a people known as Picts and the southern two thirds by Britons.
The Billion Dollar Scandal is a 1933 American pre-Code drama film directed by Harry Joe Brown and written by Beatrice Banyard, Willard Mack and Gene Towne. The film stars Robert Armstrong, Constance Cummings, Olga Baclanova, Frank Morgan, James Gleason, Irving Pichel and Warren Hymer. The film was released on January 7, 1933 by Paramount Pictures.
The Whiteshell River is one of the major rivers in Whiteshell Provincial Park, in southeastern Manitoba, Canada, near the Ontario border. This river is close to some petroform sites that are about 2000 years old or older. The name "whiteshell" is in reference to the Meegis or cowry shells used by Ojibwa peoples in their ceremonies and teachings, especially the Midewiwin, and as recorded in their birch bark scrolls.
Daniel Apai (born 1977) is a professor and astrophysicist at The University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona. He is known for his studies of astrobiology, extrasolar planets, and the formation of planetary systems. He is the principal investigator of the Earths in Other Solar Systems team of NASA's "Nexus for Exoplanet System Studies" and the Hubble Space Telescope Cloud Atlas Treasury program, and Project EDEN, a large survey for habitable planets in the immediate solar neighborhood.
Secondary education in the United States did not emerge until 1910, with the rise of large corporations and advancing technology in factories, which required skilled workers. In order to meet this new job demand, high schools were created, with a curriculum focused on practical job skills that would better prepare students for white collar or skilled blue collar work. This proved beneficial for both employers and employees, since the improved human capital lowered costs for the employer, while skilled employees received a higher wages.
Vijay Eswaran (born 7 October 1960) is a Malaysian businessman who is the Executive Chairman of the QI Group of Companies, which is headquartered in Hong Kong.
Miami (/maɪˈæmi/; Spanish pronunciation: [maiˈami]) is a city located on the Atlantic coast in southeastern Florida and the seat of Miami-Dade County. The 44th-most populated city proper in the United States, with a population of 430,332, it is the principal, central, and most populous city of the Miami metropolitan area, and the second most populous metropolis in the Southeastern United States after Washington, D.C. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Miami's metro area is the eighth-most populous and fourth-largest urban area in the United States, with a population of around 5.5 million.
Passion is a 1954 American Western film directed by Allan Dwan and written by Howard Estabrook, Beatrice A. Dresher and Joseph Lejtes. The film stars Cornel Wilde, Yvonne De Carlo, Raymond Burr, Lon Chaney Jr., Rodolfo Acosta and John Qualen. The film was released on October 6, 1954, by RKO Pictures.
L'important c'est la rose is a song written by Louis Amade and Gilbert Bécaud, and recorded by Gilbert Bécaud, released 1967.
The Kingdom of Hawai ʻi was sovereign from 1810 until 1893 when the monarchy was overthrown by resident American and European capitalists and landholders. Hawaii was an independent republic from 1894 until August 12, 1898, when it officially became a territory of the United States. Hawaii was admitted as a U.S. state on August 21, 1959.
In demographics, the world population is the total number of humans currently living. The world population was estimated to have reached 7.6 billion as of December 2017. The United Nations estimates it will further increase to 11.8 billion by the year 2100.
Call of Duty: United Offensive is an expansion pack for the first-person shooter video game "Call of Duty". It was developed by Gray Matter Interactive, with contributions from Pi Studios, and published by Activision. It was released for Microsoft Windows on September 14, 2004.
While not in Oklahoma City proper, other large employers within the MSA region include: Tinker Air Force Base (27,000); University of Oklahoma (11,900); University of Central Oklahoma (2,900); and Norman Regional Hospital (2,800).
Judging by the historical records, by approximately 1000 AD the predominant ethnic group over much of modern European Russia, Ukraine and Belarus was the Eastern branch of the Slavs, speaking a closely related group of dialects. The political unification of this region into Kievan Rus' in about 880, from which modern Russia, Ukraine and Belarus trace their origins, established Old East Slavic as a literary and commercial language. It was soon followed by the adoption of Christianity in 988 and the introduction of the South Slavic Old Church Slavonic as the liturgical and official language. Borrowings and calques from Byzantine Greek began to enter the Old East Slavic and spoken dialects at this time, which in their turn modified the Old Church Slavonic as well.
Minnehaha Creek is a 22-mile-long (35 km) tributary of the Mississippi River that flows east from Gray's Bay Dam on Lake Minnetonka through the suburban cities of Minnetonka, Hopkins, Saint Louis Park, and Edina, and the city of Minneapolis. The creek flows over Minnehaha Falls in Minnehaha Park near its mouth at the Mississippi River.
"True Lies" is the second episode of the fifth season of the American series "The Vampire Diaries", and the series 91st episode overall. "True Lies" was originally aired on October 10, 2013, on The CW. The episode was written by Brian Young and directed by Joshua Butler.
Seo Shin-ae (born October 20, 1998) is a South Korean actress. She made her entertainment debut in 2004 in a commercial for Seoul Milk. Seo then became known as a child actress, notably in the film "Meet Mr. Daddy" (2007), and the television dramas "Thank You" (2007), "" (2010), and "The Queen's Classroom" (2013).
As of 2018, NL players have won the award 27 times (including one award shared by two players), and American League (AL) players have won 30 times. Baltimore Orioles players have won the most awards for a single franchise (with six); players from the Cincinnati Reds, Los Angeles Dodgers and San Francisco Giants are tied for the most in the NL with five each. Five players have won the award twice: Willie Mays (1963, 1968), Steve Garvey (1974, 1978), Gary Carter (1981, 1984), Cal Ripken, Jr. (1991, 2001), and Mike Trout (2014, 2015). The award has been shared by multiple players once; Bill Madlock and Jon Matlack shared the award in 1975. Two players have won the award for a game in which their league lost: Brooks Robinson in 1966 and Carl Yastrzemski in 1970. One pair of awardees were father and son (Ken Griffey Sr. and Ken Griffey Jr.), and another were brothers (Roberto Alomar and Sandy Alomar, Jr.). Mike Trout of the Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim became the first player ever to win the MVP award in back - to - back years in the 86 - year history of the MLB All - Star Game when he accomplished the feat in both 2014 and 2015. Alex Bregman of the Houston Astros is the most recent MLB All - Star Game MVP, winning the award in 2018. Only six players have won the MVP award in the only All - Star Game in which they appeared; LaMarr Hoyt, Bo Jackson, J.D. Drew, Melky Cabrera, Eric Hosmer, and Alex Bregman.
The Crossovers is a comic book series created in 2003 by Robert Rodi (writer), Mauricet (penciller #1-6) and Ernie Colón (inker), and published by CrossGen. The comics are self-referential and multi-genre satire.
Mohsin Khan is an Indian television actor and assistant director. He was the second assistant director in the movie Koyelaanchal. Khan made his television debut with Star Plus' show Nisha Aur Uske Cousins. He worked as the main lead Samar Sareen in Life OK's show Dream Girl. He is currently playing the lead, Kartik Goenka, in Star Plus' daily soap Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai.
The 14.5×114mm (.57 Cal) is a heavy machine gun and anti-materiel rifle cartridge used by the Soviet Union, the former Warsaw Pact, modern Russia, and other countries.
Louis Francis Burns (January 2, 1920 – May 20, 2012) (Osage) was an American historian, author, and teacher, a leading expert on the history, mythology and culture of the Osage Nation. Burns wrote more than a dozen books and scholarly works on the Osage people. In 2002 he was inducted into the Oklahoma Historians Hall of Fame.
1795 - 96 & 1799 - 1804 or '05 -- In 1795, Charles Bullfinch, the architect of Boston's famed State House first employed a temporary funicular railway with specially designed dumper cars to decapitate' the Tremont's' Beacon Hill summit and begin the decades long land reclamation projects which created most of the real estate in Boston's lower elevations of today from broad mud flats, such as South Boston, Eastern parts of Dorchester, much of the shorelines of the entire Charles River basin on both the left and right banks and Brighton from mud flats, and most famously and tellingly especially the Back Bay.
Russia was announced as the hosts on 2 December 2010 after the country was awarded the hosting rights of the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The matches were played in four different stadiums across four cities: Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Kazan, and Sochi. It was the first time Russia has hosted the tournament, and the third time the Confederations Cup has been held in the European continent. As hosts, Russia qualified automatically for the tournament; they were joined by the six winners of the FIFA confederation championships and the 2014 FIFA World Cup champions, Germany.
Danny Kelley (born 1964 in Orange City, Florida) is an American stock car racing driver. He is a former competitor in the ARCA Racing Series.
In nuclear physics, beta decay (β - decay) is a type of radioactive decay in which a beta ray (fast energetic electron or positron) and a neutrino are emitted from an atomic nucleus. For example, beta decay of a neutron transforms it into a proton by the emission of an electron, or conversely a proton is converted into a neutron by the emission of a positron (positron emission), thus changing the nuclide type. Neither the beta particle nor its associated neutrino exist within the nucleus prior to beta decay, but are created in the decay process. By this process, unstable atoms obtain a more stable ratio of protons to neutrons. The probability of a nuclide decaying due to beta and other forms of decay is determined by its nuclear binding energy. The binding energies of all existing nuclides form what is called the nuclear band or valley of stability. For either electron or positron emission to be energetically possible, the energy release (see below) or Q value must be positive.
The Warsaw Pact (formally, the Treaty of Friendship, Co-operation, and Mutual Assistance, sometimes, informally WarPac, akin in format to NATO) was a collective defense treaty among Soviet Union and seven Soviet satellite states in Central and Eastern Europe in existence during the Cold War. The Warsaw Pact was the military complement to the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (CoMEcon), the regional economic organization for the communist states of Central and Eastern Europe. The Warsaw Pact was created in reaction to the integration of West Germany into NATO in 1955 per the Paris Pacts of 1954, but it is also considered to have been motivated by Soviet desires to maintain control over military forces in Central and Eastern Europe.
Vincentas Sladkevičius, MIC (20 August 1920 – 28 May 2000) was a Lithuanian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Kaunas from 1989 to 1996, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1988.
The Burlington County Library (BCLS) is a public library system that serves 37 out of the 40 municipalities of Burlington County, New Jersey. The central headquarters is in Westampton. The library collection contains approximately 770,000 volumes, and its annual circulation was 1.8 million in 2005. The libraries of Moorestown, Mount Laurel, and Willingboro are not affiliated with the Burlington County Library System.
Political boundaries drawn by the British did not always reflect homogeneous ethnicities or religions, contributing to conflicts in formerly colonised areas. The British Empire was also responsible for large migrations of peoples. Millions left the British Isles, with the founding settler populations of the United States, Canada, Australia and New Zealand coming mainly from Britain and Ireland. Tensions remain between the white settler populations of these countries and their indigenous minorities, and between white settler minorities and indigenous majorities in South Africa and Zimbabwe. Settlers in Ireland from Great Britain have left their mark in the form of divided nationalist and unionist communities in Northern Ireland. Millions of people moved to and from British colonies, with large numbers of Indians emigrating to other parts of the empire, such as Malaysia and Fiji, and Chinese people to Malaysia, Singapore and the Caribbean. The demographics of Britain itself was changed after the Second World War owing to immigration to Britain from its former colonies.
The Chad Basin is the largest endorheic basin in Africa, centered on Lake Chad. It has no outlet to the sea and contains large areas of desert or semi-arid savanna. The drainage basin is roughly coterminous with the sedimentary basin of the same name, but extends further to the northeast and east. The basin spans eight countries, including most of Chad and a large part of Niger. The region has an ethnically diverse population of about 30 million people as of 2011, growing rapidly.
Rick Kirby (born 1952) is an English sculptor born in Gillingham, Kent. He started his career as an art teacher, before quitting after sixteen years to focus on his work. Much of his work is figural, reflecting an interest in the human face and form, and is primarily in steel, which he describes as giving a scale and "whoom-factor" not possible with other mediums.
The FIFA Council went back and forth between 2013 and 2017 on limitations within hosting rotation based on the continental confederations. Originally, it was set that bids to be host would not be allowed from countries belonging to confederations that hosted the two preceding tournaments. It was temporarily changed to only prohibit countries belonging to the confederation that hosted the previous World Cup from bidding to host the following tournament, before the rule was changed back to its prior state of two World Cups. However, the FIFA Council did make an exception to potentially grant eligibility to member associations of the confederation of the second - to - last host of the FIFA World Cup in the event that none of the received bids fulfill the strict technical and financial requirements. In March 2017, FIFA president Gianni Infantino confirmed that ``Europe (UEFA) and Asia (AFC) are excluded from the bidding following the selection of Russia and Qatar in 2018 and 2022 respectively. ''Therefore, the 2026 World Cup could be hosted by one of the remaining four confederations: CONCACAF (North America; last hosted in 1994), CAF (Africa; last hosted in 2010), CONMEBOL (South America; last hosted in 2014), or OFC (Oceania, never hosted before), or potentially by UEFA in case no bid from those four met the requirements.
Since 1980, China has established special economic zones in Shenzhen, Zhuhai and Shantou in Guangdong Province and Xiamen in Fujian Province, and designated the entire province of Hainan as a special economic zone. In August 1980, the National People's Congress (NPC) passed ``Regulations for The Special Economy Zone of Guangdong Province ''and officially designated a portion of Shenzhen as the Shenzhen Special Economy Zone (SSEZ).
Anthony Francis Lloyd (born 14 March 1984) is an English footballer who plays for North Ferriby United as a defender. He played over 60 games in the Football League for Huddersfield Town and Torquay United as well over 40 games for York City in the Conference Premier.
Top Ground Gear Force is a one-off TV special, featuring the cast of BBC's "Top Gear", which originally aired on BBC Two at 22:00 GMT on 14 March 2008 as part of Sport Relief 2008. It was repeated on Easter Monday, 2008.
The Wreck of the Titan: Or, Futility (originally called Futility) is an 1898 novella written by Morgan Robertson. The story features the fictional ocean liner Titan, which sinks in the North Atlantic after striking an iceberg. Titan and its sinking have been noted to be very similar to the real - life passenger ship RMS Titanic, which sank fourteen years later. Following the sinking of the Titanic, the novel was reissued with some changes, particularly in the ship's gross tonnage.
It was the sole means of execution in Florida from 1924 until 2000, when the Florida State Legislature, under pressure from the U.S. Supreme Court, signed lethal injection into law. Although no one has been executed in this manner since 1999, prisoners awaiting execution on Florida's death row may still be electrocuted at their request. It is currently located in Florida State Prison on the outskirts of Starke. It was notorious for frequent malfunctions in the 1990s, namely in the cases of Jesse Tafero (executed May 4, 1990), Pedro Medina (executed March 25, 1997) and Allen Lee Davis (executed July 8, 1999). Reportedly, six - inch flames shot out of Tafero's head and 12 - inch flames shot out of Medina's head, raising the question whether use of the electric chair was cruel and unusual punishment. After the Medina execution, Florida Attorney General Bob Butterworth commented, ``People who wish to commit murder, they'd better not do it in the state of Florida because we may have a problem with the electric chair. ''
Never Get Out of These Blues Alive is a studio album by American blues musician John Lee Hooker, released in 1972 by ABC Records and recorded from September 28 through September 29, 1971. The album features Van Morrison, Elvin Bishop, Charlie Musselwhite, and Steve Miller. The album was re-released in 1987 by See For Miles Records with four additional tracks from the same session, including two with Hooker's cousin Earl Hooker on slide guitar.
By 1937, Japan controlled Manchuria and was ready to move deeper into China. The Marco Polo Bridge Incident on 7 July 1937 provoked full-scale war between China and Japan. The Nationalist and Communist Chinese suspended their civil war to form a nominal alliance against Japan, and the Soviet Union quickly lent support by providing large amount of materiel to Chinese troops. In August 1937, Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek deployed his best army to fight about 300,000 Japanese troops in Shanghai, but, after three months of fighting, Shanghai fell. The Japanese continued to push the Chinese forces back, capturing the capital Nanking in December 1937 and committed which was known as Nanking Massacre. In March 1938, Nationalist forces won their first victory at Taierzhuang. but then the city of Xuzhou was taken by Japanese in May. In June 1938, Japan deployed about 350,000 troops to invade Wuhan and captured it in October. The Japanese achieved major military victories, but world opinion—in particular in the United States—condemned Japan, especially after the Panay Incident.
Robert Swirsky holds bachelor's and master's degrees in computer science from Hofstra University, and is one of Hofstra's Alumni of Distinction. At Hofstra University, he met VOIP pioneer Jeff Pulver who attended Hofstra as an undergraduate student . After graduating, he worked on projects ranging from aircraft avionics to one of the first all-software digital radio receivers for a VLF submarine application.
Muhammad Abu Zahra (1898–1974) was an Egyptian public intellectual and an influential Hanafi jurist. He occupied a number of positions; he was a lecturer of Islamic law at Al-Azhar University and a professor at Cairo University. He was also a member of the Islamic Research Academy. His works include Abu Hanifa, Malik and al-Shafi'i.
He has also performed in Sweden, Denmark, United States, Svalbard, Zanzibar, and Spain. However, most of all, he has performed hundreds of times in both big and small places around all of Norway. In the beginning, Sputnik received a harsh treatment from the critics, but he was loved by the people.
Fidelia Akuabata Njeze (born 8 June 1964) is the current Nigerian Ambassador to Switzerland and Liechtenstein. Njeze was previously appointed Nigerian minister of Aviation on 6 April 2010, when Acting President Goodluck Jonathan announced his new cabinet. Before that appointment, she served as Minister of State for Agriculture and Water Resources and also Minister of State for Defence in the cabinet of late President Umaru Yar'Adua.
In 1985, notes were introduced in denominations of 5 hào, 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, 30, 50, 100, and 500 đồng. As inflation became endemic, these first banknotes were followed by 200, 1,000, 2,000, and 5,000 đồng notes in 1987, by 10,000 and 50,000 đồng notes in 1990, by a 20,000 đồng note in 1991, a 100,000 đồng note in 1994, a 500,000 đồng note in 2003, and a 200,000 đồng note in 2006. Banknotes with denominations of 5,000 đồng and under have been discontinued from production, but as of 2015 are still in wide circulation.Five banknote series have appeared. Except for the current series, dated 2003, all were confusing to the user, lacking unified themes and coordination in their designs. The first table below shows the latest banknotes, of 100 đồng or higher, prior to the current series.
Universidad Interglobal (The Interglobal University) is a Mexican private institution with six campuses located in Guerrero, Mexico City, Mexico State, Hidalgo, Querétaro, and Yucatán. The university offers study plans for regular students, students that work in the mornings, and for people who are only available on weekends.
Belgrade (also known as Belgrade with Boris Malagurski) is a 2013 Serbian documentary film directed by Boris Malagurski about Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. The documentary film had its world premiere on 19 October 2013 at Sava Centar in Belgrade and was aired on Radio Television Serbia on 20 October 2014.
Dići is a village situated in Ljig municipality in Serbia. The medieval church dedicated to St. John is located in the village. It was the burial place of 14th-century nobleman Vlgdrag.
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a 1971 American musical fantasy family film directed by Mel Stuart, and starring Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka. It is an adaptation of the 1964 novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl. Dahl was credited with writing the film's screenplay; however, David Seltzer, who went uncredited in the film, was brought in to re-work the screenplay against Dahl's wishes, making major changes to the ending and adding musical numbers. These changes and other decisions made by the director led Dahl to disown the film.
The inaugural winner of the award was the American golfer Tiger Woods who finished the 1999 season with eight wins, a feat not achieved since 1974, including the PGA Championship. He went on to become the most dominant player of his era, earning a second Laureus Award the following year, and five further nominations between 2002 and 2008. The 2003 winner of the Laureus World Sports Award for Sportsman of the Year was the American road cyclist Lance Armstrong. He had been nominated the previous year, and earned further nominations in 2004, 2005 and 2006. Following Armstrong's 2013 admission of doping, all his Laureus awards and nominations were rescinded. Tennis players dominate the winners list, with nine awards, while athletes have won four times, Formula One drivers three times, and golfers twice. Excluding Armstrong, the Laureus World Sports Award for Sportsman of the Year has been won by just seven individuals since its inception. The 2018 winner of the Laureus Sports Award for Sportsman of the Year was the Swiss tennis player Roger Federer, who now has the most wins with five.
Christopher Creveling (born December 29, 1986) is an American short track speed skater who represented the United States at the 2014 Winter Olympics. Growing up, his family owned a roller rink and was highly involved in the sport of roller skating. Creveling followed in the footsteps of his older siblings, learning to skate as soon as he could walk. He was selected for the 2003 United States' Junior World roller skating team in 2003 and for the Senior World Team from 2004–06. At the 2004 World Championships, he won a gold medal as part of the US relay team.
With its growing popularity, professional wrestling has attracted attention as a subject of serious academic study and journalistic criticism. Many courses, theses, essays, and dissertations have analyzed wrestling's conventions, content, and its role in modern society. It is often included as part of studies on theatre, sociology, performance, and media. The Massachusetts Institute of Technology developed a course of study on the cultural significance of professional wrestling, and anthropologist Heather Levi has written an ethnography about the culture of lucha libre in Mexico.
``We Do n't Talk Anymore ''is a song produced and performed by American singer Charlie Puth from his debut studio album Nine Track Mind (2016). It contains guest vocals from Selena Gomez. Jacob Kasher co-wrote the track with the artists. The song was released on May 24, 2016, as the third and final single from the album. Musically, it is a pop song with tropical - inspired production.
Although the proper legal status of Amsterdam as capital of the Netherlands is of recent date, the city has been uniformly recognised as capital ever since 1814. This is partly because it is a Royal City, used not only for the inauguration of kings, but also for royal weddings (note though that royal burials take place in Delft), and also because of its dominant position in Dutch history. From the end of the 16th century the city grew rapidly to become the largest and most powerful city in the Netherlands and the main centre of trade, commerce, finance and culture.
Jennifer Higdon (born December 31, 1962) is an American composer of classical music and composition teacher. She has received many awards including the 2010 Pulitzer Prize in Music for her Violin Concerto and a 2009 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Classical Composition for her Percussion Concerto.
San Clemente is a city and commune administered by the municipality of San Clemente, located in the Talca Province of Chile's Maule Region.
Peter Winter (baptized 28 August 1754 – 17 October 1825) was a German opera composer who followed Mozart and preceded Weber, acting as a bridge between the two in the development of German opera. (His name is sometimes given as Peter von Winter.)
The Pa Sak Jolasid Dam or Pa Sak Cholasit Dam (, ) impounds the Pa Sak River at Ban Kaeng Suea Ten, Tambon Nong Bua, Phatthana Nikhom District, Lopburi Province, Thailand. It is the biggest reservoir in central Thailand.
The Battle of Bolia, was a battle in 469 between the Ostrogoths (Amal Goths) and a coalition of Germanic tribes in the Roman province of Pannonia. It was fought on the south side of the Danube near its confluence with the river Bolia, in present-day Hungary. The Ostrogoths won, achieving supremacy in Pannonia, but soon migrated south towards richer lands.
The book is written with the assumption that Doc Savage was a real person. Kenneth Robeson, the author of the Doc Savage novels, is portrayed as writing fictionalized memoirs of the real Savage's life. Farmer examines the psychological make up of Doc and his associates, based on close readings of the 181 novels. In an appendix, "The Fabulous Family Tree of Doc Savage", Farmer links Savage to dozens of other fictional characters as a member of the Wold Newton family.
More Than This is a young adult novel by Patrick Ness, published by Candlewick Press in 2013. It follows a teenage boy named Seth who, after drowning in the ocean, wakes up alone on a desolate suburban English street in what he believes to be hell.
Yaiza is a municipality on the island of Lanzarote in the Canary Islands, Spain. It lies in the southwest of the island and forms part of the province of Las Palmas. The municipality is bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the west, south and east. To the north, the Timanfaya National Park is partly within the municipality. The eastern part of the municipality is mountainous and, south west of the mountains, the Rubicon plain stretches to the coast.
It is a fully developed legal system, with all the necessary elements: courts, lawyers, judges, a fully articulated legal code principles of legal interpretation, and coercive penalties, though it lacks civilly-binding force in most secular jurisdictions. The academic degrees in canon law are the J.C.B. (Juris Canonici Baccalaureatus, Bachelor of Canon Law, normally taken as a graduate degree), J.C.L. (Juris Canonici Licentiatus, Licentiate of Canon Law) and the J.C.D. (Juris Canonici Doctor, Doctor of Canon Law). Because of its specialized nature, advanced degrees in civil law or theology are normal prerequisites for the study of canon law.
The two standard sex symbols are the Mars symbol ♂ (often considered to represent a shield and spear) for male and Venus symbol ♀ (often considered to represent a bronze mirror with a handle) for female, derived from astrological symbols, denoting the classical planets Mars and Venus, respectively. They were first used to denote the effective sex of plants (i.e. sex of individual in a given crossbreed, since most plants are hermaphroditic) by Carl Linnaeus in 1751.
The Holly Springs National Forest (HSNF) was established by the United States Forest Service on June 15, 1936 during the tenure of United States Department of Agriculture Chief Forester Ferdinand A. Silcox. That same year, it was combined administratively with the Bienville, De Soto and Homochitto national forests, known collectively as "National Forests in Mississippi." The Holly Springs Ranger District controls of Forest Service land, interspersed with of privately owned properties, within the national forest's proclamation zone.
Cup and Saucer Creek, an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment, is located in the Canterbury-Bankstown region of Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.
The Taifa of Tortosa was a medieval taifa Moorish kingdom. It existed for two separate periods, from 1010 to 1060 and 1081 to 1099.
Calamus is a town in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,005 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of South Beaver Dam is located in the town. The unincorporated community of Lost Lake is also located partially in the town.
Hangrai is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the lower Kaghan Valley and lies to the north of Balakot city in an area that was affected by the 2005 Kashmir earthquake.
Boohbah is a British children's television programme created by Anne Wood. It premiered on 14 April 2003 on ITV in the United Kingdom, followed by its Nick Jr. UK premiere on 30 September 2003. It aired in the United States on PBS Kids. The series is produced by Ragdoll Productions.
On June 24, 2015, car manufacturer Nissan, which has its North American headquarters just south of Nashville in Franklin and operates a large manufacturing plant in nearby Smyrna, bought the naming rights for the stadium in a 20 - year contract, rebranding the stadium as Nissan Stadium. As part of the sponsor agreement, a 2016 Nissan Titan pickup truck was placed next to the stadium scoreboard.
The Bâton à feu, or Baston à feu (French for "Fire stick"), is a type of hand cannon developed in the 14th century in Western Europe. This weapon type corresponds to the portable artillery of the second half of 14th century.
Sobeys Inc. is the second largest food retailer in Canada, with over 1,500 stores operating in Canada under a variety of banners. Headquartered in Stellarton, Nova Scotia, it operates stores in all ten provinces and accumulated sales of more than $24 billion CAD in the fiscal 2017 operating year. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Empire Company Limited, a Canadian conglomerate.
Todd Michael Sievers (born April 1, 1980) is a former American football placekicker who played college football for the Miami Hurricanes from 1998 to 2002, being part of the 2001 Division 1-A National Championship team.
Alamnagar (community development block) is one of the administrative divisions of Madhepura district in the Indian state of Bihar. The block headquarters are located at a distance of 58 km from the district headquarters, namely, Madhepura. The name of Alamnagar is named for Shah Alamgir.
Orion (The "Or" is pronounced "oar" and the "i" like a long "e") is a village in Henry County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,861 at the 2010 census. It is the site for transmitters for many of the Quad Cities' radio and television stations, including KLJB, KWQC-TV, WMWC-TV, WQAD-TV, WQPT-TV and KQIN. FM radio station transmitters include WLKU and WXLP.
Chiang Hsiao-wu (; also known as Alex Chiang; April 25, 1945 - July 1, 1991) was the second son of Chiang Ching-kuo, the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988. His mother is Faina Ipatyevna Vakhreva, also known as Chiang Fang-liang. He had one older brother, Hsiao-wen, one older sister, Hsiao-chang, and one younger brother, Hsiao-yung. He also had two half-brothers, Winston Chang and John Chiang, with whom he shared the same father.
The Taifa of Morón was a medieval Berber taifa kingdom that existed from around 1010 to 1066. From 1066 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid.
Back of My Mind is the fourth studio album by singer Christopher Cross, released in 1988 through Warner Bros. Records. After both the album and its singles failed to chart in the United States (although "I Will (Take You Forever)" did chart in several other countries) and due in large part to the general decline in sales beginning with "Another Page" (1983), Cross was soon released from Warner Bros. "Swept Away" was previously heard on a few episodes of the TV show "Growing Pains" in 1987. It would be nearly five years until Cross signed a new recording contract with BMG and release a new album, "Rendezvous", in 1993.
The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD), officially the City of Los Angeles Police Department, is the Los Angeles police department. With 9,843 officers and 2,773 civilian staff, it is the third - largest municipal police department in the United States, after the New York City Police Department and the Chicago Police Department. The department serves an area of 498 square miles (1,290 km) and a population of 4,030,904 people.
Lord Voldemort / Tom Riddle Harry Potter character Ralph Fiennes as Lord Voldemort in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 1. First appearance Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone Last appearance Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Created by J.K. Rowling Portrayed by Ralph Fiennes, as the Dark Lord finally resurrected from HP4 to the end of the film series in HP7 -- Part 2 Frank Dillane, as a fifteen - year - old in HP6 Hero Fiennes - Tiffin, as an eleven - year - old in HP6 Christian Coulson, as a sixteen - year - old in HP2 Ian Hart, voice in HP1 Richard Bremmer, non-faced in HP1 Eddie Izzard, The Lego Batman Movie House Slytherin
Brian Thomas Moynihan (born October 9, 1959) is an American lawyer, businessman and the chairman and CEO of Bank of America. He joined the board of directors, following his promotion to president and CEO.
In April 2017, Warner Bros. announced that Titans would debut in 2018 on DC Comics' own direct - to - consumer digital service. The series is being developed by Akiva Goldsman, Johns, Greg Berlanti and Sarah Schechter, with Goldsman, Johns and Berlanti writing the pilot episode. All are also executive producers of the series for Weed Road Pictures and Berlanti Productions in association with Warner Bros Television.
Peasant society is much less documented than the nobility. Most of the surviving information available to historians comes from archaeology; few detailed written records documenting peasant life remain from before the 9th century. Most the descriptions of the lower classes come from either law codes or writers from the upper classes. Landholding patterns in the West were not uniform; some areas had greatly fragmented landholding patterns, but in other areas large contiguous blocks of land were the norm. These differences allowed for a wide variety of peasant societies, some dominated by aristocratic landholders and others having a great deal of autonomy. Land settlement also varied greatly. Some peasants lived in large settlements that numbered as many as 700 inhabitants. Others lived in small groups of a few families and still others lived on isolated farms spread over the countryside. There were also areas where the pattern was a mix of two or more of those systems. Unlike in the late Roman period, there was no sharp break between the legal status of the free peasant and the aristocrat, and it was possible for a free peasant's family to rise into the aristocracy over several generations through military service to a powerful lord.
Formed in 1944 for army co-operation duties in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II, No. 84 Wing operated a mix of aircraft including CAC Boomerangs, CAC Wirraways, Auster AOPs and Bristol Beauforts, before disbanding in 1946. It was re-formed in 1991 as a tactical transport wing headquartered at RAAF Base Townsville, Queensland, comprising Nos. 35 and 38 Squadrons operating de Havilland Canada DHC-4 Caribous. By 1996, it had been augmented by No. 32 Squadron, operating Hawker Siddeley HS 748 trainer-transports.
As the season progresses, Rumple's quest to reunite with her seems hopeless, until the series finale ``Leaving Storybrooke '', in which he sacrifices his heart to save the Captain Hook from the Wish Realm. Upon his death, Belle appears to him on Mount Olympus in her signature golden dress. The two embrace and dance together.
Hells Canyon is a 10 - mile (16 km) wide canyon located along the border of eastern Oregon, eastern Washington and western Idaho in the United States. It is part of the Hells Canyon National Recreation Area and is North America's deepest river gorge at 7,993 feet (2,436 m).
Gabriel Hauge was born in Hawley, Minnesota. He was the son of Reverend Søren G. Hauge, a Lutheran Minister and an immigrant from Sandane in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway. Hauge earned a B.A. from Concordia College (Minnesota) in 1935, an M.A. from Harvard University in 1938, and his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1947.
The Rajya Sabha (meaning the ``Council of States '') is the upper house of the Parliament of India. Uttar Pradesh state elects 31 members and they are indirectly elected by the state legislators of Uttar Pradesh. Members are elected for six years and 1 / 3 of members are retired after every two years. The number of seats, allocated to the party, are determined by the number of seats a party possesses during nomination and the party nominates a member to be voted on. Elections within the state legislatures are held using Single transferable vote with proportional representation.
Tito was interred in a mausoleum in Belgrade, which forms part of a memorial complex in the grounds of the Museum of Yugoslav History (formerly called "Museum 25 May" and "Museum of the Revolution"). The actual mausoleum is called House of Flowers (Kuća Cveća) and numerous people visit the place as a shrine to "better times". The museum keeps the gifts Tito received during his presidency. The collection also includes original prints of Los Caprichos by Francisco Goya, and many others. The Government of Serbia has planned to merge it into the Museum of the History of Serbia. At the time of his death, speculation began about whether his successors could continue to hold Yugoslavia together. Ethnic divisions and conflict grew and eventually erupted in a series of Yugoslav wars a decade after his death.
Currensee (or currensee.com) was a financial services company based in Boston to serve as a social network for foreign exchange (FX, Forex or currency) traders. The company provided mirror trading services to its clients that allowed them to make trading decisions based on other traders actions. The company was acquired by Oanda in 2013, who decided to close down the service a year later in October 2014.
Islam is the most widely practised religion in Southeast Asia, numbering approximately 240 million adherents which translate to about 40% of the entire population, with majorities in Indonesia, Brunei, Malaysia and in Southern Philippines with Indonesia as the largest and most populated Muslim country around the world. Countries in Southeast Asia practice many different religions. Buddhism is predominant in Thailand, Cambodia, Laos, Burma, Vietnam and Singapore. Ancestor worship and Confucianism are also widely practised in Vietnam and Singapore. Christianity is predominant in the Philippines, eastern Indonesia, East Malaysia and East Timor. The Philippines has the largest Roman Catholic population in Asia. East Timor is also predominantly Roman Catholic due to a history of Portuguese rule.
Bryan Buckley has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Live Action Short Film at the 85th Academy Awards for his short film "ASAD" which he directed and wrote. It was shot in South Africa in September 2011 with an all Somali refugee cast. "ASAD" tells a young Somali boy's tale of how he deals with the decision to fall into a pirate life, or become an honest working fisherman.
Movin' in the Right Direction is the debut album by Stephanie Mills released in 1975 on the ABC Records label. It was arranged by Bert Keyes.
He left his country on a French steamer in 1911 and traveled extensively around the world participating actively in the Communist International before returning to Vietnam in 1941. He then organized and led the Viet Minh to fight for Vietnamese Independence. He became more popular for his declaration of Vietnam independence from France, which paraphrased a part of the U.S declaration of independence that says ``All men are created equal... ''Since 1945, he became a prime minister and president of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam (North Vietnam). In the late 1950s, Ho Chi Minh organized another communist guerrilla movement widely known as Viet Cong in South Vietnam.
Content, also known as the Bowling House, is a historic home located in Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States, across the street from the county courthouse. The home is a -story, two-part frame structure built in three stages. The first section, built in 1787, consisted of the present main block, with a stair hall and porch were added ca. 1800. A north wing was added before 1844. Content is one of the oldest buildings remaining in the county seat of Upper Marlboro, along with Kingston and the Buck (James Waldrop) House. Content has always been owned by prominent families in the civic, economic, and social affairs of town, county, and state including the Magruder, Beanes, and Lee families; and the Bowling and Smith families of the 20th century.
Butcher's Shop is the title of two paintings by the Italian Baroque painter Annibale Carracci, both dating from the early 1580s. They are now in the collections of Christ Church Picture Gallery, Oxford, and the Kimbell Art Museum in Fort Worth, Texas.
Manuel José Blázquez López (born March 22, 1989 in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain), commonly known as Manolo Blázquez, is a Spanish basketball player who is best known for his time at the CB Lucentum Alicante of the Asociación de Clubs de Baloncesto (ACB).
The Ministry of National Defense of the Republic of Ecuador is the ministry responsible for national defense and is responsible for controlling all three branches of the Military of Ecuador.
The Gorleston Psalter (British Library Manuscript Additional 49622) is a 14th-century manuscript notable for containing early music instruction and for its humorous marginalia.
Patricia Millardet (born 24 March 1959) is a French actress who played judge Silvia Conti in the Italian mafia series "La Piovra".
Silence in Dreamland () is a 2013 Ecuador drama film directed by Tito Molina. It was selected as the Ecuadorian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated.
The strategy behind the formation of the Warsaw Pact was driven by the desire of the Soviet Union to dominate Central and Eastern Europe. This policy was driven by ideological and geostrategic reasons. Ideologically, the Soviet Union arrogated the right to define socialism and communism and act as the leader of the global socialist movement. A corollary to this idea was the necessity of intervention if a country appeared to be violating core socialist ideas and Communist Party functions, which was explicitly stated in the Brezhnev Doctrine. Geostrategic principles also drove the Soviet Union to prevent invasion of its territory by Western European powers.
Black Panther premiered in Los Angeles on January 29, 2018, and was released theatrically in the United States on February 16, 2018, in 2D, 3D, IMAX and other premium large formats. The film received praise for its screenplay, direction, performances, action, costume design, production merits, and soundtrack. Critics considered it one of the best films set in the MCU and noted its cultural significance. It grossed over $1.3 billion worldwide, and became the second - highest - grossing film of 2018, the third - highest - grossing film ever in the United States, the ninth - highest - grossing film of all time, and the highest - grossing film by a black director.
Stone is an unincorporated community in Oneida County, Idaho, United States. Stone is located near the Utah border, north of Snowville, Utah.
With the end of the war with Japan, the Chinese Civil War resumed between the Chinese Communists and the Chinese Nationalists. While the Communists were struggling for supremacy in Manchuria, they were supported by the North Korean government with matériel and manpower. According to Chinese sources, the North Koreans donated 2,000 railway cars worth of matériel while thousands of Koreans served in the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) during the war. North Korea also provided the Chinese Communists in Manchuria with a safe refuge for non-combatants and communications with the rest of China.
Visherka River () is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, a right tributary of the Kolva River. It is long, and its drainage basin covers . It flows out of lake Chusovskoe in the north of the Cherdynsky District near its border with the Komi Republic. Its mouth is upstream of the uninhabited village of Bogatyryovo, from the mouth of the Kolva River. Its most significant tributaries are:
KCIX (105.9 FM) is a commercial radio station located in Garden City, Idaho, broadcasting to the Boise, Idaho, area. KCIX airs a hot adult contemporary music format.
Tundra Publishing was a Northampton, Massachusetts-based comic book publisher founded by Kevin Eastman in 1990. The company was founded to provide a venue for adventurous, creator-owned work by talented cartoonists and illustrators. Its publications were noted in the trade for their high production values, including glossy paper stock, full-color printing, and square binding. Tundra was one of the earlier creator-owned companies, before the formation of Image Comics and Dark Horse Comics' Legends imprint.
Rudolf Doležal (19 July 1916 in Horka nad Moravou, Moravia – 2002 in Olomouc) was a Czech sculptor and medalist, author of many sculptures in Moravian towns and villages.
Vicente Manansala, a National Artist of the Philippines in Visual Arts, was a direct influence to his fellow Filipino neo-realists: Malang, Angelito Antonio, Norma Belleza and Manuel Baldemor. The Honolulu Museum of Art, the Lopez Memorial Museum (Manila), the Philippine Center (New York City), the Singapore Art Museum and Holy Angel University (Angeles City, Philippines) are among the public collections holding work by Vicente Manansala. Holy Angel University recently opened a section of its museum called The Vicente Manansala Collection, holding most of the estate left by the artist.
Jacqueline MacInnes Wood (born 17 April 1987) is a Canadian actress, disc jockey, singer and television host. She is best known for portraying Olivia Castle in Final Destination 5 and Steffy Forrester in The Bold and the Beautiful, the latter earning her two Daytime Emmy Award nominations in 2012 and 2013.
The French Marines and naval infantry intended for the invasion of northern Germany were dispatched to reinforce the French Army of Châlons and fell into captivity at Sedan along with Napoleon III. A shortage of officers, following the capture of most of the professional French army at the Siege of Metz and at the Battle of Sedan, led naval officers to be sent from their ships to command hastily assembled reservists of the Garde Mobile. As the autumn storms of the North Sea forced the return of more of the French ships, the blockade of the north German ports diminished and in September 1870 the French navy abandoned the blockade for the winter. The rest of the navy retired to ports along the English Channel and remained in port for the rest of the war.
Atlantic City is a census-designated place (CDP) in Fremont County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 37 at the 2010 census. The community is a small mining settlement in a gulch near South Pass in southwestern Wyoming. It was founded as a mining camp following the 1867 gold rush in the region. The town declined following the end of the placer gold rush in the early 1870s, but continued to exist as advances in mining technology allowed further extraction of gold. From the 1960s until 1983, it was the location of US Steel iron ore mine. The town is accessible by gravel roads from nearby Wyoming Highway 28.
John C. Petersen (November 2, 1842 – July 10, 1887) was an American butcher and farmer from Appleton, Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Outagamie County. He was elected in 1878 as a Greenbacker, and was re-elected the next year as a "Greenback Democrat" (even though he was opposed by a Democrat).
Buckingham Palace (UK: ) is the London residence and administrative headquarters of the monarch of the United Kingdom. Located in the City of Westminster, the palace is often at the centre of state occasions and royal hospitality. It has been a focal point for the British people at times of national rejoicing and mourning.
On 25 May 2011 the Swiss government announced that it plans to end its use of nuclear energy in the next 2 or 3 decades. "The government has voted for a phaseout because we want to ensure a secure and autonomous supply of energy", Energy Minister Doris Leuthard said that day at a press conference in Bern. "Fukushima showed that the risk of nuclear power is too high, which in turn has also increased the costs of this energy form." The first reactor would reportedly be taken offline in 2019 and the last one in 2034. Parliament will discuss the plan in June 2011, and there could be a referendum as well.
New Swabia (Norwegian and ) was an unrecognized Antarctic claim by Nazi Germany and is now a cartographic name sometimes given to an area of Antarctica between 20°E and 10°W in Queen Maud Land, which is claimed as a Norwegian dependent territory under the Antarctic Treaty System. New Swabia was explored by Germany in early 1939 and named after that expedition's ship, , itself named after the German region of Swabia.
Ore Run is a tributary of Sullivan Branch in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Davidson Township. Its watershed has an area of . The stream has a low pH and poor water quality. The main rock formations in the area are the Huntley Mountain Formation and the Burgoon Sandstone. The main soil associations in the vicinity of the stream are the Deep-Wellsboro-Oquaga association, and the Oquaga association.
``Must Be Doin 'Somethin' Right ''is a song written by Marty Dodson and Patrick Jason Matthews and recorded by American country music singer Billy Currington. It was released in May 2005 as the first single from Currington's 2005 album Doin 'Somethin' Right. The song became Currington's first number one hit on the U.S. Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.
Robert Streb (born April 7, 1987) is an American professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour where he has been a member since 2013. Streb uses a ten-finger grip, which is unusual on the PGA Tour.
Hate 2 O ("H2Odio" in Italy) is a 2006 film written, directed, and produced by Alex Infascelli. It is the followup to his 2004 film "The Vanity Serum", considered by many to be his breakout film. It was released in Italy on May 5, 2006.
Using his own system, Hampartsoum Limondjian transcribed most of 18th century Turkish music compositions in a collection of six books, which he presented to Selim III. Only two of the originals survive to date and are preserved at the Istanbul Municipal Conservatory Library. As the dominant notation for Turkish and Armenian music, the Hamparsum notation was instrumental in the transcription and survival of thousands of pieces of music, and was surpassed only in modern times in its use for Turkish classical music. The notation system is still in use by the Armenian Apostolic Church.
The Île de la Cité remains the heart of Paris. All road distances in France are calculated from the 0 km point located in the Place du Parvis de Notre - Dame, the square facing Notre - Dame's pair of western towers.
Tetrisphere is a falling block puzzle video game for the Nintendo 64 (N64) console. Developed by Canadian company H2O Entertainment, a nearly complete version of the game was originally slated for release on the Atari Jaguar in early 1995. After Nintendo obtained its publishing rights, "Tetrisphere" was reworked for the N64 and released on the platform in North America on August 11, 1997, and the PAL regions in February 1998.
Clara Peeters (fl. 1607–1621) was a still-life painter who came from Antwerp and trained in the tradition of Flemish Baroque painting, but probably made her career mostly in the new Dutch Republic, as part of Dutch Golden Age painting. Many aspects of her life and work remain very unclear, especially outside the period 1607 to 1621 from which period dated paintings are known. As Seymour Slive puts it "Not a single uncontested document has surfaced about her life but there is reason to believe she was active in both Flanders and Holland."
A London Life is a novella by Henry James, first published in "Scribner's Magazine" in 1888. The plot revolves around a crumbling marriage and its impact on many other people, especially Laura Wing, the sister of the soon-to-be-divorced wife. Laura is a classic Jamesian "central consciousness," whose reflections and emotions color the presentation of the storyline and the other characters. The tale is notable for its straightforward, even hard-edged approach to sexuality and divorce. This might reflect the influence of French naturalism on James during the 1880s.
On April 30, 2013, the FDA approved (with three - year marketing exclusivity) Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Plan B One - Step for sale without a prescription to anyone age 15 or over who can show proof of age such as a driver's license, birth certificate, or passport to a drug store retail clerk. Generic one - pill levonorgestrel emergency contraceptives and all two - pill levonorgestrel emergency contraceptives will remain restricted to sale from a pharmacist -- without a prescription to anyone age 17 or over who can show proof of age.
Overall, there have been 78 different Intercontinental Champions. Chris Jericho holds the record for the most reigns with nine, The Honky Tonk Man holds the longest reign at 454 days. Only three other wrestlers -- Pedro Morales, Don Muraco, and Randy Savage -- have held the championship for a continuous reign of more than a year. The current champion is The Miz, who is in his seventh reign. He won the championship by defeating Dean Ambrose at Extreme Rules in Baltimore, Maryland on June 4, 2017.
The Princess Diaries is a 2001 American teen romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall and written by Gina Wendkos, based on Meg Cabot's 2000 novel of the same name. It stars Anne Hathaway (in her film debut) as Mia Thermopolis, a teenager who discovers that she is the heir to the throne of the fictional Kingdom of Genovia, ruled by her grandmother Queen dowager Clarisse Renaldi (Julie Andrews). The film also stars Heather Matarazzo, Héctor Elizondo, Mandy Moore, and Robert Schwartzman.
The show's theme song, ``Livin 'the Suite Life, ''was written by John Adair and Steve Hampton (who also wrote the themes for fellow Disney Channel series The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, Phil of the Future, and Wizards of Waverly Place, as well as the theme for the ABC Kids series Power Rangers: RPM), with music composed by Gary Scott (who also composed the music cues to signal scene changes and promo breaks, some of which are styled similarly to the theme), and is performed by British singer Steve Rushton (who is only credited for performing the theme in the second season).
North Camden is a district of Camden, New Jersey. The population is 7,874. Cooper Point and Pyne Point are located in the area.
NGC 210 is a barred spiral galaxy located roughly 67 million light-years from the Solar System in the constellation Cetus. It was discovered on October 3, 1785 by William Herschel and later added to the New General Catalogue.
The Pensacola Flyers were an American professional indoor soccer team based in Pensacola, Florida. They played their home games in the Pensacola Civic Center. They were members of the Eastern Indoor Soccer League and played only during the 1998 season. During the 1997 season, the team played at the Tupelo Coliseum in Tupelo, Mississippi, as the Tupelo Hound Dogs then relocated to Pensacola during the offseason.
Bits of Life is a 1921 American film produced, written, and directed by Marshall Neilan. The film is notable as the first anthology film. The cast included Lon Chaney and Noah Beery, Sr. For her performance in this film, Anna May Wong received her first screen credit. "Bits of Life" is considered lost.
The Siuslaw River ( ) is a river, about long, that flows to the Pacific Ocean coast of Oregon in the United States. It drains an area of about in the Central Oregon Coast Range southwest of the Willamette Valley and north of the watershed of the Umpqua River.
In 1897, Frank Shuman, a U.S. inventor, engineer and solar energy pioneer built a small demonstration solar engine that worked by reflecting solar energy onto square boxes filled with ether, which has a lower boiling point than water, and were fitted internally with black pipes which in turn powered a steam engine. In 1908 Shuman formed the Sun Power Company with the intent of building larger solar power plants. He, along with his technical advisor A.S.E. Ackermann and British physicist Sir Charles Vernon Boys, developed an improved system using mirrors to reflect solar energy upon collector boxes, increasing heating capacity to the extent that water could now be used instead of ether. Shuman then constructed a full-scale steam engine powered by low-pressure water, enabling him to patent the entire solar engine system by 1912.
Character Film The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Prince Caspian The Voyage of the Dawn Treader The Silver Chair 2005 2008 TBA Lucy Pevensie Georgie Henley Rachel Henley (older) Georgie Henley TBA Edmund Pevensie Skandar Keynes Mark Wells (older) Skandar Keynes Peter Pevensie William Moseley Noah Huntley (older) William Moseley Susan Pevensie Anna Popplewell Sophie Winkleman (older) Anna Popplewell Aslan Liam Neeson (voice) Jadis the White Witch Tilda Swinton Mr. Tumnus James McAvoy Mr. Beaver Ray Winstone (voice) Mrs. Beaver Dawn French (voice) Digory Kirke Jim Broadbent Ginarrbrik Kiran Shah Father Christmas James Cosmo Oreius Patrick Kake Maugrim Michael Madsen (voice) General Otmin Shane Rangi King Caspian X Ben Barnes Reepicheep Eddie Izzard (voice) Simon Pegg (voice) Trumpkin Peter Dinklage Trufflehunter Ken Stott (voice) Glenstorm Cornell S John Bulgy Bear David Walliams (voice) Nikabrik Warwick Davis Miraz Sergio Castellitto Doctor Cornelius Vincent Grass Glozelle Pierfrancesco Favino Prunaprismia Alicia Borrachero Sopespian Damián Alcázar Scythley Simon Andreu Donnon Predrag Bjelac Eustace Scrubb Will Poulter Tavros Shane Rangi Jemain Tamati Caprius Ryan Ettridge Randy Morgan Evans Nausus Steven Rooke Drinian Gary Sweet Queen Lilliandil Laura Brent Lady of the Green Kirtle
Dirty Birds: The 1998 Atlanta Falcons (but is still a nickname for the Falcons). The name originates from an end zone dance started by Jamal Anderson that was adopted by all the players upon scoring.
After centuries of Danish, Swedish and German rule the native Estonians started to yearn for independence during the period of national awakening while being governed by the Russian Empire. Established on 24 February 1918, the Republic of Estonia came into existence towards the end of World War I. During World War II, Estonia was then occupied by the Soviet Union in 1940, then Nazi Germany a year later and again in 1944 establishing the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic. In 1988, during the Singing Revolution, the Estonian SSR issued the Estonian Sovereignty Declaration to defy against the illegal Soviet rule. Estonia then restored its independence during the 1991 coup by the Soviets on the night of 20 August 1991.
Block Drug Company was a pharmaceutical company based in Jersey City, New Jersey, United States, that specialized in dental care products. Its most popular products included Polident denture cleanser, Poli-Grip denture adhesive, Dentu-Creme denture toothpaste, Nytol sleeping pill, Tegrin medicated shampoo for psoriasis, Lava hand soaps (acquired from Procter & Gamble), Beano and Phazyme anti-gas products, Balmex diaper rash ointments, and Sensodyne desensitizing toothpaste.
``A Clean, Well - Lighted Place ''is a short story by American author Ernest Hemingway, first published in Scribner's Magazine in 1933; it was also included in his collection Winner Take Nothing (1933).
A Nigerian State is a federated political entity, which shares sovereignty with the Federal Government of Nigeria, There are 36 States in Nigeria, which are bound together by a federal agreement. There is also a territory called the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), which is not a state, but a territory, under the direct control of the Federal Government. The States are further divided into a total of 774 Local Government Areas. Under the Nigerian Constitution, states have the power to ratify constitutional amendments.
Hall of Famer Kareem Abdul - Jabbar holds the record for most All - Star Game selections and most All - Star Games played. He was selected 19 times and played in 18 All - Star games. LeBron James holds the record for most All - Star Game selections among active players, with 14 selections. LeBron James also holds the record for most consecutive games played, with 14. Bob Cousy and John Havlicek are tied for second most consecutive games actually played, appearing in 13 straight All - Star Games. Tim Duncan also played in 13 straight All - Star Games if the lockout - cancelled 1999 game is excluded. Several players were named to All - Star Game rosters, but never actually played in the game due to injury.
Yangtze Delta Universities Alliance is an alliance of eight prestigious universities located in east China. It was established in 2005.
William Beckford (baptised 19 December 1709 – 21 June 1770) was a well-known political figure in 18th-century London, who twice held the office of Lord Mayor of London (1762 and 1769). His vast wealth came largely from his plantations in Jamaica and the large numbers of slaves working on these plantations. He was, and is, often referred to as "Alderman Beckford" to distinguish him from his son William Thomas Beckford, the author and art collector.
The English Church was brought back under papal authority in 1553 and doctrinal and liturgical conformity at the beginning of the reign of Queen Mary I. The restoration of papal authority was celebrated by the majority of the nation and enforced by the Marian persecutions against Protestants. Her harshness was a success but at the cost of alienating a fairly large section of English society which had been moving away from some traditional Catholic devotional practices. The English it seems were quite caught up with the reforming movement on the Continent. At the time they were neither Calvinist nor Lutheran, but certainly leaning toward Protestantism (and by the late 16th century, were certainly Protestant).
The Vision of the Valley of Dry Bones (or The Valley of Dry Bones or The Vision of Dry Bones) is a prophecy in chapter 37 of the Book of Ezekiel. The chapter details a vision revealed to the prophet Ezekiel, conveying a dream - like realistic - naturalistic depiction.
The daughter of Catherine Desmedt, a native of Belgium, and She was born in Brussels. Her father, a native of the Lorraine region of France, committed suicide when she was two years old. She was educated at the Sorbonne and the Collège de France in Paris. She published her first poem in 1934 in the literary magazine "Le Thyrse" under the name Louis Dubrau. She wrote under a masculine name to avoid any bias of the critics towards women; Dubrau was the name of her father's mother. In 1935, she married Fernand Janson.
Murdock Kennedy (March 25, 1873 – 1950) was a merchant and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 1st Queens in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1906 to 1927 as a Conservative member.
``The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress ''(sometimes titled as`` The Moon's a Harsh Mistress'') is a song by American songwriter Jimmy Webb. It has become a much - recorded standard, without ever having charted as a single. Webb appropriated the title from the 1966 science fiction novel The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress by Robert A. Heinlein. The song is especially associated with Glen Campbell, who performed the song on his farewell tour, Judy Collins, and Joe Cocker, who first recorded the song in 1974.
Rugby union is the national sport in Samoa and the national team, nicknamed the Manu Samoa, is consistently competitive against teams from vastly more populous nations. Samoa has competed at every Rugby World Cup since 1991, and made the quarter finals in 1991, 1995 and the second round of the 1999 World Cup. At the 2003 world cup, Manu Samoa came close to beating eventual world champions, England. Samoa also played in the Pacific Nations Cup and the Pacific Tri-Nations. The sport is governed by the Samoa Rugby Football Union, who are members of the Pacific Islands Rugby Alliance, and thus, also contribute to the international Pacific Islanders rugby union team.
The third season of American Idol premiered on Monday, January 19, 2004 and continued until May 26, 2004. The third season was won by Fantasia Barrino, who defeated Diana DeGarmo by an approximate margin of 2% (1.3 million votes); the vote total (65 million votes) was the highest recorded vote total in the show's history until the May 23, 2007, finale of the sixth season. This season also featured Jennifer Hudson, who would subsequently win the 2006 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. This is the last season to be aired in standard definition, with the only exception being the grand finale.
The state has one city with a population exceeding one million: Ciudad Juárez. Ciudad Juárez is ranked eighth most populous city in the country and Chihuahua City was ranked 16th most populous in Mexico. Chihuahua (along with Baja California) is the only state in Mexico to have two cities ranked in the top 20 most populated. El Paso and Ciudad Juárez comprise one of the largest binational metropolitan areas in the world with a combined population of 2.4 million. In fact, Ciudad Juárez is one of the fastest growing cities in the world in spite of the fact that it is "the most violent zone in the world outside of declared war zones". For instance, a few years ago the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas published that in Ciudad Juárez "the average annual growth over the 10-year period 1990–2000 was 5.3 percent. Juárez experienced much higher population growth than the state of Chihuahua and than Mexico as a whole". Chihuahua City has one of the highest literacy rates in the country at 98%; 35% of the population is aged 14 or below, 60% 15-65, and 5% over 65. The growth rate is 2.4%. The 76.5% of the population of the state of Chihuahua live in cities which makes the state one of the most urbanized in Mexico.
A central teaching of Jehovah's Witnesses is that the current world era, or "system of things", entered the "last days" in 1914 and faces imminent destruction through intervention by God and Jesus Christ, leading to deliverance for those who worship God acceptably. They consider all other present-day religions to be false, identifying them with "Babylon the Great", or the "harlot", of Revelation 17, and believe that they will soon be destroyed by the United Nations, which they believe is represented in scripture by the scarlet-colored wild beast of Revelation chapter 17. This development will mark the beginning of the "great tribulation". Satan will subsequently attack Jehovah's Witnesses, an action that will prompt God to begin the war of Armageddon, during which all forms of government and all people not counted as Christ's "sheep", or true followers, will be destroyed. After Armageddon, God will extend his heavenly kingdom to include earth, which will be transformed into a paradise similar to the Garden of Eden. After Armageddon, most of those who had died before God's intervention will gradually be resurrected during "judgment day" lasting for one thousand years. This judgment will be based on their actions after resurrection rather than past deeds. At the end of the thousand years, Christ will hand all authority back to God. Then a final test will take place when Satan is released to mislead perfect mankind. Those who fail will be destroyed, along with Satan and his demons. The end result will be a fully tested, glorified human race.
The team began play as an expansion team in the 1993 season as the Florida Marlins and played home games from their inaugural season to the 2011 season at Joe Robbie Stadium, which they shared with the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). The stadium was later called Pro Player Park, Pro Player Stadium, Dolphin Stadium, Dolphins Stadium, Land Shark Stadium, and Sun Life Stadium during their tenancy. Since the 2012 season, they have played at Marlins Park in downtown Miami, on the site of the former Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida. The new park, unlike Sun Life Stadium (which was criticized in its baseball configuration for poor sight lines in some locations), was designed foremost as a baseball park. The new park's name is a temporary one until naming rights are purchased. Per an agreement with the city and Miami - Dade County (which owns the park), the Marlins officially changed their name to the ``Miami Marlins ''on November 11, 2011. They also adopted a new logo, color scheme, and uniforms.
The series concerns the adventures of Ted Mosby (played by Josh Radnor) narrating the story of how he met the mother of his children. The story goes into a flashback and starts in 2005 with a 27-year-old Ted Mosby living in New York City and working as an architect; the narrative deals primarily with his best friends, including the long-lasting couple Marshall Eriksen (Jason Segel) and Lily Aldrin (Alyson Hannigan), womanizing-playboy Barney Stinson (Neil Patrick Harris), and news reporter Robin Scherbatsky (Cobie Smulders). The lives of all characters are entwined in each others. The series explores many storylines, including a "will they or won't they" relationship between Robin and each of the two single male friends, Marshall and Lily's relationship, and the ups and downs of the characters' careers.
Shenkursky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Shenkursky Municipal District. It is located in the south of the oblast and borders with Vinogradovsky District in the north, Verkhnetoyemsky District in the east, Ustyansky District in the southeast, Velsky District in the south, Nyandomsky District in the west, and with Plesetsky District in the northwest. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Shenkursk. Population: The population of Shenkursk accounts for 37.5% of the district's total population.
Heather Morgan is an American actress and comedian. She was a cast member and writer on "The Dana Carvey Show", writing and performing such notable skits as Jenny and First Ladies as Dogs, the latter being called "one of the two or three funniest things on the show" by writer and producer Robert Smigel. Morgan wrote, produced and starred in the movie "Bark!" which was nominated for a Grand Jury Prize at the 2002 Sundance Film Festival. She is an alum of The Groundlings.
"Don't Ask Me Why" is a Billy Joel song released in 1980. The track contains all acoustic and Latin percussion instruments performing in an Afro-Cuban rhythmic style. An eclectic, instrumental "Latin Ballroom" piano solo, played over the bridge section after the second verse, is also featured in part of the song; Joel states that the mix for the midsection includes "fifteen pianos overdubbed on top of each other." The song spent two weeks at number one on the Adult Contemporary chart and peaked at number nineteen on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
Mabel Mercer (3 February 1900 – 20 April 1984) was an English-born cabaret singer who performed in the United States, Britain, and Europe with the greats in jazz and cabaret. She was a featured performer at Chez Bricktop in Paris, owned by the hostess Bricktop, and performed in such clubs as Le Ruban Bleu, Tony's, the RSVP, the Carlyle, the St. Regis Hotel, and eventually her own room, the Byline Club. Among those who frequently attended Mercer's shows was Frank Sinatra, who made no secret of his emulating her phrasing and story-telling techniques.
BlueSpice MediaWiki (BlueSpice for short) is free wiki software based on MediaWiki and licensed by GNU General Public License. It is especially developed for businesses as an enterprise wiki distribution for MediaWiki and used in over 150 countries.
The Impression 5 Science Center, is a science museum located in downtown Lansing, Michigan. Formerly known as the "Impression 5 Museum", the center is located in a historic wagon works factory on the Grand River. The name, "Impression 5", refers to the five senses.
After secretly crossing the Yalu River on 19 October, the PVA 13th Army Group launched the First Phase Offensive on 25 October, attacking the advancing UN forces near the Sino-Korean border. This military decision made solely by China changed the attitude of the Soviet Union. Twelve days after Chinese troops entered the war, Stalin allowed the Soviet Air Force to provide air cover, and supported more aid to China. After decimating the ROK II Corps at the Battle of Onjong, the first confrontation between Chinese and U.S. military occurred on 1 November 1950; deep in North Korea, thousands of soldiers from the PVA 39th Army encircled and attacked the U.S. 8th Cavalry Regiment with three-prong assaults—from the north, northwest, and west—and overran the defensive position flanks in the Battle of Unsan. The surprise assault resulted in the UN forces retreating back to the Ch'ongch'on River, while the Chinese unexpectedly disappeared into mountain hideouts following victory. It is unclear why the Chinese did not press the attack and follow up their victory.
Kiwil began his career as a stand-up comedian and film actor in Indonesia. He has since appeared in the films "Tulalit", "Paku Kuntilanak", "Setan Budeg", and "Nenek Gayung". Kiwil also become one of the cast of the Indonesian comedy show "Yuk Keep Smile".
The connection between macroscopic nonconservative forces and microscopic conservative forces is described by detailed treatment with statistical mechanics. In macroscopic closed systems, nonconservative forces act to change the internal energies of the system, and are often associated with the transfer of heat. According to the Second law of thermodynamics, nonconservative forces necessarily result in energy transformations within closed systems from ordered to more random conditions as entropy increases.
Film U.S. release date Director (s) Screenwriter (s) Producer Iron Man 3 May 3, 2013 (2013 - 05 - 03) Shane Black Drew Pearce and Shane Black Kevin Feige Thor: The Dark World November 8, 2013 (2013 - 11 - 08) Alan Taylor Christopher Yost and Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely Captain America: The Winter Soldier April 4, 2014 (2014 - 04 - 04) Anthony and Joe Russo Christopher Markus & Stephen McFeely Guardians of the Galaxy August 1, 2014 (2014 - 08 - 01) James Gunn James Gunn and Nicole Perlman Avengers: Age of Ultron May 1, 2015 (2015 - 05 - 01) Joss Whedon Ant - Man July 17, 2015 Peyton Reed Edgar Wright & Joe Cornish and Adam McKay & Paul Rudd
Paul McCartney -- lead and backing vocals, bass guitar, piano John Lennon -- backing vocals, lead guitar George Harrison -- backing vocals, guitar Ringo Starr -- drums, tubular bells Robert Burns, Henry MacKenzie, Frank Reidy -- two clarinets, bass clarinet
Fredericksburg is a census-designated place (CDP) in Bethel Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 987 at the 2000 census. Fredericksburg was originally called Stumptown after a disreputable settler named Frederick Stump, who founded the town in 1755, and reportedly massacred an encampment of ten inebriated Indians one winter and sent their bodies down the Susquehanna. Fredericksburg was the birthplace of Clayton Mark in 1858. Clayton Mark, the prominent steel magnate, was the founder of the planned worker community of Marktown.
Casa Loma (Spanish for ``Hill House '') is a Gothic Revival style mansion and garden in midtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, that is now a historic house museum and landmark. It was constructed from 1911 to 1914 as a residence for financier Sir Henry Pellatt. The architect was E. J. Lennox, who designed several other city landmarks. Casa Loma sits at an elevation of 140 metres (460 ft) above sea level.
Natoker Moto - Like a Play (2015) is a Bengali film directed by Debesh Chattopadhyay based on the Life and Struggle of a Legendary Actress of Calcutta which still impress the Theatre Movement of India.
The NAACP's chief counsel, Thurgood Marshall -- who was later appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court in 1967 -- argued the case before the Supreme Court for the plaintiffs. Assistant attorney general Paul Wilson -- later distinguished emeritus professor of law at the University of Kansas -- conducted the state's ambivalent defense in his first appellate argument.
In the case of Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt, the most significant abortion rights case before the Supreme Court since Planned Parenthood v. Casey in 1992, the Supreme Court in a 5 -- 3 decision on June 27, 2016, swept away forms of state restrictions on the way abortion clinics can function. The Texas legislature enacted in 2013 restrictions on the delivery of abortions services that created an undue burden for women seeking an abortion by requiring abortion doctors to have difficult - to - obtain ``admitting privileges ''at a local hospital and by requiring clinics to have costly hospital - grade facilities. The Court struck down these two provisions`` facially'' from the law at issue -- that is, the very words of the provisions were invalid, no matter how they might be applied in any practical situation. According to the Supreme Court the task of judging whether a law puts an unconstitutional burden on a woman's right to abortion belongs with the courts and not the legislatures.
Doctor De Soto is a picture book for children written and illustrated by William Steig and first published in 1982. It features a mouse-dentist who must help a fox with a toothache without being eaten.
Jonathan Adam Saunders Baruchel (/ ˈbæruːʃɛl /; born April 9, 1982) is a Canadian actor and screenwriter. He played Josh Greenberg in the FXX comedy television series Man Seeking Woman and played the lead character in Judd Apatow's comedy series, Undeclared. He is known for his voice role as Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III in the How to Train Your Dragon franchise, and for his roles in comedy movies such as Knocked Up, Tropic Thunder, Fanboys, She's Out of My League, Goon, This Is the End and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
The galactic year, also known as a cosmic year, is the duration of time required for the Sun to orbit once around the center of the Milky Way Galaxy. Estimates of the length of one orbit range from 225 to 250 million terrestrial years. The Solar System is traveling at an average speed of 828,000 km / h (230 km / s) or 514,000 mph (143 mi / s) within its trajectory around the galactic center, a speed at which an object could circumnavigate the Earth's equator in 2 minutes and 54 seconds; that speed corresponds to approximately one 1300th of the speed of light.
The Late Middle Ages was marked by difficulties and calamities including famine, plague, and war, which significantly diminished the population of Europe; between 1347 and 1350, the Black Death killed about a third of Europeans. Controversy, heresy, and schism within the Church paralleled the interstate conflict, civil strife, and peasant revolts that occurred in the kingdoms. Cultural and technological developments transformed European society, concluding the Late Middle Ages and beginning the early modern period.
John Carroll Lynch (born August 1, 1963) is an American character actor and film director. He first gained notice for his role as Norm Gunderson in Fargo. He is also known for his television work on the ABC sitcom The Drew Carey Show as the title character's cross-dressing brother, Steve Carey, as well as on American Horror Story: Freak Show and American Horror Story: Cult as Twisty the Clown. His films include Face / Off, Gran Torino, Shutter Island, Ted 2, The Invitation, and Zodiac. Most recently, he portrayed McDonald's co-founder Maurice McDonald in The Founder. He made his directorial debut with the 2017 film Lucky.
Leninsk-Kuznetsky District (, ) is an administrative district (raion), one of the nineteen in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Leninsk-Kuznetsky Municipal District. It is located in the west of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the city of Leninsk-Kuznetsky (which is not administratively a part of the district). Population: 27,825 (2002 Census);
The Price of Happiness is a lost 1916 silent film drama directed by Edmund Lawrence and starring Mary Boland. It was distributed through the World Film Company. The film was based on a play called "(Drei Paar Schuhe: Three Pairs of Shoes)".
Shrek the Halls is an American Christmas computer-animated comedy television special that premiered on the American television network ABC on Wednesday, November 28, 2007. The thirty minute Christmas special was directed by Gary Trousdale and produced by DreamWorks Animation. Mike Myers, Eddie Murphy, Cameron Diaz and Antonio Banderas reprised their roles from the feature films. This Christmas special takes place between "Shrek the Third" and "Shrek Forever After". This television special was based on the children's book "Shrek!" by the writer William Steig, was published on October 17, 1990.
The 2011 Wimbledon Championships was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London in England. It was the 125th edition of the Wimbledon Championships and were held from 20 June to 3 July 2011. It was the third Grand Slam tennis event of the year and was part of the ATP World Tour, the WTA Tour, the ITF Junior Tour and the NEC Tour. The championships were organised by the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club and the International Tennis Federation.
From the early 1930s eight countries developed radar, these developments were sufficiently advanced by the late 1930s for development work on sound locating acoustic devices to be generally halted, although equipment was retained. Furthermore, in Britain the volunteer Observer Corps formed in 1925 provided a network of observation posts to report hostile aircraft flying over Britain. Initially radar was used for airspace surveillance to detect approaching hostile aircraft. However, the German Würzburg radar was capable of providing data suitable for controlling AA guns and the British AA No 1 Mk 1 GL radar was designed to be used on AA gun positions.
The Separation of Light from Darkness is, from the perspective of the Genesis chronology, the first of nine central panels that run along the center of Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel ceiling and which depict scenes from the Book of Genesis. Michelangelo probably completed this panel in the summer of 1512, the last year of the Sistine ceiling project. It is one of five smaller scenes that alternate with four larger scenes that run along the center of the Sistine ceiling. The "Separation of Light from Darkness" is based on verses 3–5 from the first chapter of the Book of Genesis:
Stephen Garrard Post is a researcher, public speaker, professor, and best-selling author who has taught at the University of Chicago Medical School, Fordham University-Marymount, Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine (1988-2008) and Stony Brook University School of Medicine (2008-). He is widely known for his research and public speaking on the ways in which giving can enhance the health and happiness of the giver, how empathy and compassionate care contribute to patient outcomes, ethical issues in caring for people with dementia, medical professionalism and the virtues, and positive psychology in relation to health and well-being. Post is an elected member of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia, the New York Academy of Medicine, and the Royal Society of Medicine, London. He was selected nationally as the Public Member of the United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE) Composite Committee (2000-2005), and was reappointed for outstanding contributions.
The Dinosaurs!, American television miniseries produced by WHYY-TV for PBS in 1992, featuring some of the then-modern theories about dinosaurs and how they lived. It aired four episodes from November 22 to November 25, 1992.
After the assassination of Uthman in 656, Ali, a member of the Quraysh tribe and the cousin and son-in-law of Muhammad, was elected as the caliph. He soon met with resistance from several factions, owing to his relative political inexperience. Ali moved his capital from Medina to Kufa. The resulting conflict, which lasted from 656 until 661, is known as the First Fitna ("civil war"). Muawiyah I, the governor of Syria, a relative of Uthman ibn al-Affan and Marwan I, wanted the culprits arrested. Marwan I manipulated everyone and created conflict. Aisha, the wife of Muhammad, and Talhah and Al-Zubayr, two of the companions of Muhammad, went to Basra to tell Ali to arrest the culprits who murdered Uthman. Marwan I and other people who wanted conflict manipulated everyone to fight. The two sides clashed at the Battle of the Camel in 656, where Ali won a decisive victory.
Smokey Mayfield resided in Hutchinson County near Spearman, which is the seat of Hansford County in the northern Panhandle. He and worked for a half century for the historic Turkey Track Ranch in Hutchinson County. Herb Mayfield was born in Erick, Oklahoma, but lived in Dimmitt and graduated from Dimmitt High School. During World War II, he participated in troop lifts in Normandy and, like Smokey, the Battle of the Bulge. Thereafter, he was a welder for cattle feedlots in Dimmitt. He was for many years the president of the Dimmitt Rodeo Association and a member of the Panhandle Blue Grass Association. He died some three months prior to the passing of Smokey.
At the peak of Roman imperial power in the 2nd century, the population of the city numbered about a million people, a size that it never attained again until its becoming the capital of the Republic of Italy in 1946; close to three percent of the population of the empire lived within its limits. Following the Crisis of the Third Century and the transfer of the imperial capital to Constantinople in AD 330, Rome entered a period of gradual decline.
INS "Tir" (A86) (Hindi "Arrow") is the first dedicated cadet's training ship to be built by Mazagon Dock Limited and commissioned as such by the Indian Navy. She is the senior ship of the 1st Training Squadron of the Southern Naval Command.
In Plain Sight is an American dramatic television series that premiered on the USA Network on June 1, 2008. The series revolves around Mary Shannon (Mary McCormack), a Deputy United States Marshal attached to the Albuquerque, NM, office of the Federal Witness Security Program (WITSEC), more commonly known as the Federal Witness Protection Program. Shannon must find ways to balance her professional life of protecting witnesses, her professional relationship with her work partner, US Marshal Marshall Mann, and her problematic personal life. The show was filmed on location in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Rosaline Patricia Irorefe Bozimo (born 1 January 1946) is a Nigerian lawyer who was appointed Chief Justice of Delta State with effect from 23 March 2003. She retired on 1 January 2011 and was succeeded by Honorable Justice Abiodun Smith.
The ``Hymn to Liberty ''or`` Hymn to Freedom'' (Greek: Ύμνος εις την Ελευθερίαν, Ýmnos is tin Eleftherían pronounced (ˈimnos is tin elefθeˈrian), also Greek: Υμνος προς την Ελευθερίαν Ýmnos pros tin Eleftherían pronounced (ˈim. nos pros tin elefθe'ri.an)) is a poem written by Dionysios Solomos in 1823 that consists of 158 stanzas, which is used as the national anthem of Greece and Cyprus. It was set to music by Nikolaos Mantzaros, and is the longest national anthem in the world by length of text. In 1865, the first three stanzas (and later the first two) officially became the national anthem of Greece and, from 1966, also that of the Republic of Cyprus.
The European - Asian sea route, also known as the sea route to India or the Cape Route is a shipping route from European coast of the Atlantic Ocean to Asia's coast of the Indian Ocean passing by the Cape of Good Hope and Cape Agulhas at the southern edge of Africa. The first recorded completion of the route was made in 1498 by Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama. The route was important during the Age of Sail, but became partly obsolete as the Suez Canal opened in 1869.
Through combining the definition of electric current as the time rate of change of electric charge, a rule of vector multiplication called Lorentz's Law describes the force on a charge moving in a magnetic field. The connection between electricity and magnetism allows for the description of a unified electromagnetic force that acts on a charge. This force can be written as a sum of the electrostatic force (due to the electric field) and the magnetic force (due to the magnetic field). Fully stated, this is the law:
The worship of dynastic ruler cults was also a feature of this period, most notably in Egypt, where the Ptolemies adopted earlier Pharaonic practice, and established themselves as god-kings. These cults were usually associated with a specific temple in honor of the ruler such as the Ptolemaieia at Alexandria and had their own festivals and theatrical performances. The setting up of ruler cults was more based on the systematized honors offered to the kings (sacrifice, proskynesis, statues, altars, hymns) which put them on par with the gods (isotheism) than on actual belief of their divine nature. According to Peter Green, these cults did not produce genuine belief of the divinity of rulers among the Greeks and Macedonians. The worship of Alexander was also popular, as in the long lived cult at Erythrae and of course, at Alexandria, where his tomb was located.
After the first season, Bishop decided to fully change the format of the series. In addition to the format changing, The Joey Bishop Show began filming in front of a live audience and also featured an entirely different supporting cast. In the second incarnation, Joey Barnes is the host of a New York City talk / variety television show. Abby Dalton joined the cast as Joey's new wife Ellie (whom Joey called ``Texas ''because she hailed from Texas) and the two live at the Carlton Arms, a posh Manhattan apartment building. Towards the end of season two, Ellie discovers she is pregnant with the couple's first child. Their son, Joey Barnes, Jr. (played by Dalton's real son Matthew David Smith), was born in the season - two finale`` The Baby Cometh''. Also joining the cast was Guy Marks, who portrayed Freddie, Joey's manager. Marks left the series after 19 episodes and Corbett Monica joined the cast as Larry Corbett, Joey's head writer. The supporting cast also includes Mary Treen as Hilda, the Barnes' maid and baby nurse, with whom Joey frequently trades insults. Joe Besser portrayed Mr. Jillson, the building's henpecked super who lives in fear of his wife, Tantalia (who is never seen but often heard).
The first few episodes after the pilot (episodes two through eight) used a nonanimated, expository opening narrated by Paul Frees; the narration mentions that Nelson lived in ``a mythical town ''named Cocoa Beach in`` a mythical state called Florida''. The remaining episodes of that first season featured an animated sequence that was redone and expanded in season two, when the show switched from black and white to color. This new sequence, used from season 2 -- 5, featured Captain Nelson's space capsule splashing down on the beach, and Jeannie dancing out of her bottle (modified to reflect its new decoration) and then kissing Nelson. Both original versions of the show's animated opening sequence were done by famed animator Friz Freleng.
In a game dominated by the Belgians, but still goalless through the first 90 minutes thanks to U.S. goalkeeper Tim Howard, U.S. striker Chris Wondolowski missed a great chance in stoppage time from less than five yards out. Thus, the game went to extra time and Belgium took the lead within two minutes. Romelu Lukaku, who came off the bench at the start of extra time, crossed from the right into the penalty area, Matt Besler failed to clear the ball, and Kevin De Bruyne shot low into the far corner from the right of the penalty area. Near the end of extra time first half, De Bruyne's through ball from the right set up Lukaku to extend the lead with a left footed shot to the net. The United States pulled one back early in extra time second half, when substitute Julian Green volleyed in Michael Bradley's lobbed pass with his right foot from near the penalty spot. Minutes later, the U.S. nearly equalised on a set piece routine that saw Clint Dempsey through on goal, but his first touch was too hard and the ball was corralled by Belgian goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois. Belgium held on for the win, and advanced to the quarter - finals to face Argentina.
Lisbeth Longfrock ("Sidsel Sidsærk og andre kjærringemner ") is a classical work of Norwegian literature, by the author Hans Aanrud, published in 1903. It was translated into English in 1907 by Laura E. Poulsson, and illustrated by Norwegian artist Othar Holmboe. Aanrud's classic novel was translated again in 1935, under the title "Sidsel Longskirt: A Girl of Norway". Illustrated by the famed artists Ingri and Edgar Parin d'Aulaire, this later translation was produced by The John C. Winston Company of Philadelphia.
Michael Emerson (born September 7, 1954) is an American film and television actor who is best known for his roles as serial killer William Hinks on The Practice, Benjamin Linus on Lost, Zep Hindle in the first Saw film, and Harold Finch on the CBS series Person of Interest. Emerson has also worked extensively in theater and narration. He has won two Primetime Emmy Awards and been nominated for three others, as well as receiving other awards and nominations.
The Ben Ali Stakes is an American race for thoroughbred horses run in the Spring of each year at Keeneland Race Course in Lexington, Kentucky. For 4-year-olds and up, it is a Grade III event set at a distance of one mile and one eighth mile on the dirt. In its 87th running in 2017, it currently offers a purse of $200,000.
The army is led by a civilian Secretary of the Army, who has the statutory authority to conduct all the affairs of the army under the authority, direction and control of the Secretary of Defense. The Chief of Staff of the Army, who is the highest-ranked military officer in the army, serves as the principal military adviser and executive agent for the Secretary of the Army, i.e., its service chief; and as a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, a body composed of the service chiefs from each of the four military services belonging to the Department of Defense who advise the President of the United States, the Secretary of Defense, and the National Security Council on operational military matters, under the guidance of the Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In 1986, the Goldwater–Nichols Act mandated that operational control of the services follows a chain of command from the President to the Secretary of Defense directly to the unified combatant commanders, who have control of all armed forces units in their geographic or function area of responsibility. Thus, the secretaries of the military departments (and their respective service chiefs underneath them) only have the responsibility to organize, train and equip their service components. The army provides trained forces to the combatant commanders for use as directed by the Secretary of Defense.
Paisius was born in the Samokov eparchy of the time, probably in the town of Bansko. He established himself in the Hilandar monastery on Mount Athos in 1745, where he was later a hieromonk and deputy-abbot. Collecting materials for two years through hard work and even visiting the Habsburg Monarchy, he finished his "Istoriya Slavyanobolgarskaya" in 1762 in the Zograf Monastery. The book was the first attempt to write a complete history of Bulgaria and attempted to awake and strengthen Bulgarian national consciousnesses.
Christel Khalil Christel Adnana Mina Khalil (1987 - 11 - 30) November 30, 1987 (age 30) Los Angeles, California Occupation Actress Years active 1993 -- present Known for The Young and the Restless as Lily Winters (2002 -- present) Spouse (s) Stephen Hensley (m. 2008 -- 2011) Children
The 2017 regular season's 256 games will be played over a 17 - week schedule which began on September 7. Each of the league's 32 teams plays a 16 - game schedule, with one bye week for each team. The slate also features games on Monday nights. There are games played on Thursday, including the National Football League Kickoff game in prime time on September 7 and games on Thanksgiving Day. The regular season will conclude with a full slate of 16 games on Sunday, December 31, all of which will be intra -- division matchups, as it has been since 2010.
2018 FIFA World Cup Чемпионат мира по футболу 2018 (Chempionat mira po futbolu 2018) Tournament details Host country Russia Dates 14 June -- 15 July Teams 32 (from 5 confederations) Venue (s) 12 (in 11 host cities) ← 2014 2022 →
Robert Walton Goelet (March 19, 1880 – May 2, 1941) was a financier and real estate developer in New York City. He was one of the largest property owners in the city by the time of his death.
Jack Hubbert (19 March 1916 – 5 August 1990) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Prior to the second world war, birth control was prohibited in many countries, and in the United States even the discussion of contraceptive methods sometimes led to prosecution under Comstock laws. The history of the development of oral contraceptives is thus closely tied to the birth control movement and the efforts of activists Margaret Sanger, Mary Dennett, and Emma Goldman. Based on fundamental research performed by Gregory Pincus and synthetic methods for progesterone developed by Carl Djerassi at Syntex and by Frank Colton at G.D. Searle & Co., the first oral contraceptive, Enovid, was developed by E.D. Searle and Co. and approved by the FDA in 1960. The original formulation incorporated vastly excessive doses of hormones, and caused severe side effects. Nonetheless, by 1962, 1.2 million American women were on the pill, and by 1965 the number had increased to 6.5 million. The availability of a convenient form of temporary contraceptive led to dramatic changes in social mores including expanding the range of lifestyle options available to women, reducing the reliance of women on men for contraceptive practice, encouraging the delay of marriage, and increasing pre-marital co-habitation.
Judi Dench as Queen Victoria Ali Fazal as Abdul Karim Eddie Izzard as Bertie, Prince of Wales Tim Pigott - Smith as Sir Henry Ponsonby Adeel Akhtar as Mohammed Simon Callow as Mr. Puccini Michael Gambon as Lord Salisbury Julian Wadham as Alick Yorke Olivia Williams as Jane Spencer, Baroness Churchill Fenella Woolgar as Miss Phipps Jonathan Harden as The Kaiser Paul Higgins as Sir James Reid, Physician to the Queen Robin Soans as Arthur Bigge Sukh Ojla as Mrs. Karim
Jeju is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia. Part of the Arsi Zone, Jeju is bordered by Dodotana Sire to the west, the Misraq Shewa Zone to the north, Merti to the east, and Sude to the south. Its administrative centre is Arboye, located 168 kilometres southeast of Addis Ababa. Other towns in this woreda include Bolo.
Auto racing is also popular in the area. The Richmond International Raceway (RIR) has hosted NASCAR Sprint Cup races since 1953, as well as the Capital City 400 from 1962 − 1980. RIR also hosted IndyCar's Suntrust Indy Challenge from 2001 − 2009. Another track, Southside Speedway, has operated since 1959 and sits just southwest of Richmond in Chesterfield County. This .333-mile (0.536 km) oval short-track has become known as the "Toughest Track in the South" and "The Action Track", and features weekly stock car racing on Friday nights. Southside Speedway has acted as the breeding grounds for many past NASCAR legends including Richard Petty, Bobby Allison and Darrell Waltrip, and claims to be the home track of NASCAR superstar Denny Hamlin.
Waban is a surface-level light rail station on the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority's Green Line "D" Branch, located just south of Beacon Street at Waban Square in the Waban section of Newton, Massachusetts. The station is located below grade; access to both platforms is via Wyman Street on the outbound side of the tracks or a stairway from Beacon Street. Waban is not accessible.
Under the millet system, non-Muslim people were considered subjects of the Empire, but were not subject to the Muslim faith or Muslim law. The Orthodox millet, for instance, was still officially legally subject to Justinian's Code, which had been in effect in the Byzantine Empire for 900 years. Also, as the largest group of non-Muslim subjects (or zimmi) of the Islamic Ottoman state, the Orthodox millet was granted a number of special privileges in the fields of politics and commerce, and had to pay higher taxes than Muslim subjects.
The European Commission is the main executive body of the European Union. Article 17(1) of the Treaty on European Union states the Commission should "promote the general interest of the Union" while Article 17(3) adds that Commissioners should be "completely independent" and not "take instructions from any Government". Under article 17(2), "Union legislative acts may only be adopted on the basis of a Commission proposal, except where the Treaties provide otherwise." This means that the Commission has a monopoly on initiating the legislative procedure, although the Council is the "de facto catalyst of many legislative initiatives". The Parliament can also formally request the Commission to submit a legislative proposal but the Commission can reject such a suggestion, giving reasons. The Commission's President (currently an ex-Luxembourg Prime Minister, Jean-Claude Juncker) sets the agenda for the EU's work. Decisions are taken by a simple majority vote, usually through a "written procedure" of circulating the proposals and adopting if there are no objections.[citation needed] Since Ireland refused to consent to changes in the Treaty of Lisbon 2007, there remains one Commissioner for each of the 28 member states, including the President and the High Representative for Foreign and Security Policy (currently Federica Mogherini). The Commissioners (and most importantly, the portfolios they will hold) are bargained over intensively by the member states. The Commissioners, as a block, are then subject to a qualified majority vote of the Council to approve, and majority approval of the Parliament. The proposal to make the Commissioners be drawn from the elected Parliament, was not adopted in the Treaty of Lisbon. This means Commissioners are, through the appointment process, the unelected subordinates of member state governments.
Jeffrey Pfeffer (born July 23, 1946, St. Louis, Missouri) is an American business theorist and the Thomas D. Dee II Professor of Organizational Behavior at the Graduate School of Business, Stanford University, and is considered one of today's most influential management thinkers. Pfeffer strives to educate and inspire leaders to seek power through evidence-based management, the knowing-doing gap, high performance culture, and unconventional wisdom.
Silver Spoons is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 25, 1982 to May 11, 1986, and in first-run syndication from September 15, 1986 to March 4, 1987. The series was produced by Embassy Television for the first four seasons, until Embassy Communications moved the series to syndication.
From 7 September 1940, one year into the war, London was bombed by the Luftwaffe for 57 consecutive nights. More than one million London houses were destroyed or damaged and more than 40,000 civilians were killed, almost half of them in London. Ports and industrial centres outside London were also attacked. The main Atlantic sea port of Liverpool was bombed, causing nearly 4,000 deaths within the Merseyside area during the war. The North Sea port of Hull, a convenient and easily found target or secondary target for bombers unable to locate their primary targets, was subjected to 86 raids in the Hull Blitz during the war, with a conservative estimate of 1,200 civilians killed and 95 percent of its housing stock destroyed or damaged. Other ports including Bristol, Cardiff, Portsmouth, Plymouth, Southampton and Swansea were also bombed, as were the industrial cities of Birmingham, Belfast, Coventry, Glasgow, Manchester and Sheffield. Birmingham and Coventry were chosen because of the Spitfire and tank factories in Birmingham and the many munitions factories in Coventry. The city centre of Coventry was almost destroyed, as was Coventry Cathedral.
Fort Irwin National Training Center is a major training area for the United States military and is a census-designated place located in the Mojave Desert in northern San Bernardino County, California. Fort Irwin is at an average elevation of . It is located northeast of Barstow, in the Calico Mountains.
The Bartolini Salimbeni Annunciation (Italian: "Annunciazione Bartolini Salimbeni") is a painting by the Italian Gothic painter Lorenzo Monaco, completed just before his death (1420–1424) and housed in the Bartolini Salimbeni Chapel of the church of Santa Trinita, Florence, Italy.
Tashtagolsky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the nineteen in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Tashtagolsky Municipal District. It is located in the south of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Tashtagol (which is not administratively a part of the district). Population: 34,545 (2002 Census);
In 1891, he ran unsuccessfully as a Conservative for the House of Commons of Canada in the riding of Kamouraska. He was appointed to the Legislative Council of Quebec in 1892 representing Laurentides. From 1893 to 1894, he was the Leader of the Government. In 1893, he was appointed Minister without Portfolio in the cabinet of Louis-Olivier Taillon. From 1895 to 1897, he was the Speaker of the Legislative Council. From 1896 to 1897, he was the President of the Executive Council in the cabinet of Edmund James Flynn and was a Cabinet Minister. In 1917, he refused a seat in the Senate but was summoned to the Senate in 1919. A Conservative, he represented the senatorial division of Grandville, Quebec and served until his death in 1946.
China, officially the People's Republic of China (PRC), is a unitary sovereign state in East Asia and the world's most populous country, with a population of around 1.404 billion. Covering approximately 9.6 million square kilometres (3.7 million square miles), it is the world's second - largest state by land area and third - or fourth - largest by total area. Governed by the Communist Party of China, it exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces, five autonomous regions, four direct - controlled municipalities (Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, and Chongqing) and the Special Administrative Regions Hong Kong and Macau, also claiming sovereignty over Taiwan. China is a great power and a major regional power within Asia, and has been characterized as a potential superpower.
The company received a Royal Charter from Queen Elizabeth I on 31 December 1600, making it the oldest among several similarly formed European East India Companies. Wealthy merchants and aristocrats owned the company's shares. Initially the government owned no shares and had only indirect control.
In The Avengers (2012) Thanos makes a cameo appearance in the middle of the end credits. Damion Poitier (credited as Man # 1) portrays Thanos as Loki's mysterious benefactor. In Guardians of the Galaxy (2014) Thanos tries to use Ronan the Accuser to obtain an Infinity Stone. The film also introduces him as the adoptive father of Gamora and Nebula. Sean Gunn stood in for Thanos on set. Josh Brolin provided the performance capture for Thanos. Thanos was originally going to have a larger role in Guardians of the Galaxy, but Joss Whedon felt that the character needed to be threaded more gently. In Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Thanos makes a cameo appearance in the middle of the end credits. He dons an Infinity Gauntlet and vows to retrieve the Infinity Stones himself. Brolin reprises his uncredited role. In Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Thanos is once again portrayed by Brolin. In the film, he seeks the six Infinity Stones because he believes the Universe is overpopulated and wants to cull it by half so that those who remain may have a better quality of life. Brolin will reprise his role in the fourth Avengers movie (scheduled US release, May 3, 2019).
Buddhism is a religion practiced by an estimated 488 million in the world, 495 million, or 535 million people as of the 2010s, representing 9% to 10% of the world's total population.
The Border Security Force (BSF) is the primary border defence organisation of India. It is one of the five Central Armed Police Forces of the Union of India, it was raised in the wake of the 1965 War on 1 December 1965, ``for ensuring the security of the borders of India and for matters connected there with ''. It is a Central Armed Police Force charged with guarding India's land border during peacetime and preventing transnational crime. It is a Union Government Agency under the administrative control of Ministry of Home Affairs. The BSF has its own cadre of officers but its head, designated as a Director - General (DG), since its raising has been an officer from the Indian Police Service. It is an Armed Force of the Union of India tasked with various assignments from time to time. The BSF has grown exponentially from a few battalions in 1965, to 186 battalions with a sanctioned strength of 257,363 personnel including an expanding air wing, marine wing, artillery regiments, and commando units. It currently stands as the world's largest border guarding force. BSF has been termed as the First Line of Defence of Indian Territories.
Ives Goddard received his B.A. from Harvard College in 1963 and his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1969. From 1966–1969 he was a junior fellow of the Harvard Society of Fellows.
USS "Pegasus" (PHM-1) was the lead ship of her class of hydrofoils operated by the United States Navy. "Pegasus" class vessels were designed for high speed and mobility, and carried a powerful armament for their size.
The Firqah-i Dimukrat, or Azerbaijani Democratic Party (ADP), publicly announced its formation in Tabriz on September 3, 1945 by a group of veteran communists headed by Ja'far Pishevari. After the announcement, the communist, Soviet-supported Tudeh party dissolved its Azerbaijan chapter and ordered its members to join ADP. ADP expanded throughout Iranian Azerbaijan, and initiated a local coup d'état with help from Soviet army, who prevented the Iranian army from intervening. During the first week of September 1945, the Azerbaijani Democratic Party, led by Ja'far Pishevari, a long-time leader of the revolutionary movement in Gilan, declared itself to be in control of Iranian Azerbaijan, promised liberal democratic reforms, and disbanded the local branch of Tudeh. Later in September 1945, at its first congress, the Azerbaijani Democratic Party authorized the formation of a peasant's militia. This militia started a bloodless coup on November 18, 1945 and by November 21, 1945 they had captured all remaining government posts in the province, and Iranian Azerbaijan "became an autonomous republic under the direction of a 39-member national executive committee".  The reality of the power seems to have been exercised by Mohammed Biriya, the Minister of Propaganda and head of the local secret police.At the same time, the US was steadily increasing its military assistance to the Iranian government. Under pressure by the Western powers, the Soviet Union revoked its support of the newly created state and the Iranian military succeeded in re-establishing Iranian rule in November 1946. According to Tadeusz Swietochowski:
The City of Yuma is a Home Rule Municipality that is the most populous city in Yuma County, Colorado, United States. The population was 3,524 at the 2010 census.
The Black Death, also known as the Great Plague, the Black Plague, or the Plague, was one of the most devastating pandemics in human history, resulting in the deaths of an estimated 75 to 200 million people in Eurasia and peaking in Europe from 1347 to 1351. The bacterium Yersinia pestis, which results in several forms of plague, is believed to have been the cause. The plague created a series of religious, social and economic upheavals, which had profound effects on the course of European history.
Riverside is the 59th largest city in the United States, 12th largest city in California, and the largest city in California's Inland Empire metro area. According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 81.4 square miles (210.8 km), of which 81.1 square miles (210 km) is land and 0.3 square miles (0.78 km) (0.37%) is water. The elevation of downtown Riverside is 860 feet (260 m). Hills within the city limits include Mount Rubidoux, a city landmark and tourist attraction. Riverside is surrounded by small and large mountains, some of which get a dusting of winter snow. Many residents also enjoy the many beaches of southern California. Riverside is about a 47 - mile drive to the Pacific Ocean and is close to Orange county and Los Angeles county.
The British Aerospace Skyflash, or Sky Flash in marketing material, was a medium-range semi-active radar homing air-to-air missile derived from the US AIM-7 Sparrow missile and carried by Royal Air Force F-4 Phantoms and Tornado F3s, Italian Aeronautica Militare and Royal Saudi Air Force Tornados and Swedish Flygvapnet Viggens.
On August 6, 1945, at 8:15 AM local time, the United States detonated an atomic bomb over the Japanese city of Hiroshima. Sixteen hours later, American President Harry S. Truman called again for Japan's surrender, warning them to "expect a rain of ruin from the air, the like of which has never been seen on this earth." Late in the evening of August 8, 1945, in accordance with the Yalta agreements, but in violation of the Soviet–Japanese Neutrality Pact, the Soviet Union declared war on Japan, and soon after midnight on August 9, 1945, the Soviet Union invaded the Imperial Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo. Hours later, the United States dropped a second atomic bomb, this time on the Japanese city of Nagasaki. Following these events, Emperor Hirohito intervened and ordered the Supreme Council for the Direction of the War to accept the terms the Allies had set down in the Potsdam Declaration for ending the war. After several more days of behind-the-scenes negotiations and a failed coup d'état, Emperor Hirohito gave a recorded radio address across the Empire on August 15. In the radio address, called the Jewel Voice Broadcast (玉音放送, Gyokuon-hōsō), he announced the surrender of Japan to the Allies.
Mezzanotte d'amore (Italian for "Midnight of love") is a 1970 Italian musicarello film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti and starring Al Bano and Romina Power. It is the sequel of "Il suo nome è Donna Rosa".
Preterm birth, also known as premature birth, is the birth of a baby at fewer than 37 weeks' gestational age. These babies are known as preemies or premies. Symptoms of preterm labor include uterine contractions which occur more often than every ten minutes or the leaking of fluid from the vagina. Premature infants are at greater risk for cerebral palsy, delays in development, hearing problems and sight problems. These risks are greater the earlier a baby is born.
The United States shares land borders with Canada (to the north) and Mexico (to the south), and a territorial water border with Russia in the northwest, and two territorial water borders in the southeast between Florida and Cuba, and Florida and the Bahamas. The contiguous forty-eight states are otherwise bounded by the Pacific Ocean on the west, the Atlantic Ocean on the east, and the Gulf of Mexico to the southeast. Alaska borders the Pacific Ocean to the south, the Bering Strait to the west, and the Arctic Ocean to the north, while Hawaii lies far to the southwest of the mainland in the Pacific Ocean.
Dil Kya Kare (English: "What Should The Heart Do?") is a 1999 Indian drama film, directed by Prakash Jha and produced by Veeru Devgan and Veena Devgan. The film stars Ajay Devgn, Mahima Chaudhry, Kajol and Chandrachur Singh in lead roles.
He played for the Green Bay Packers and St. Louis Rams between 1995 and 2006. A Second-team All-Pro selection in 2001, Timmerman went to four Super Bowls in his career, winning Super Bowl XXXI with the Packers and Super Bowl XXXIV with the Rams.
Szelment is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania. Szelment is located 15 km north of Suwałki. It is also home to a 1000m cable car line, the second-longest in Poland. It is located 6.0 km from the nearest city in Lithuania, Salaperaugis.
Pride and Prejudice is an 1813 romantic novel by Jane Austen. It charts the emotional development of protagonist Elizabeth Bennet, who learns the error of making hasty judgments and comes to appreciate the difference between the superficial and the essential. The comedy of the writing lies in the depiction of manners, education, marriage, and money during the British Regency period.
The US ended World War I with two 3-inch AA guns and improvements were developed throughout the inter-war period. However, in 1924 work started on a new 105 mm static mounting AA gun, but only a few were produced by the mid-1930s because by this time work had started on the 90 mm AA gun, with mobile carriages and static mountings able to engage air, sea and ground targets. The M1 version was approved in 1940. During the 1920s there was some work on a 4.7-inch which lapsed, but revived in 1937, leading to a new gun in 1944.
The Ole Miss Rebels baseball team represents the University of Mississippi in NCAA Division I college baseball. The team participates in the West Division of the Southeastern Conference (SEC). They are currently coached by head coach Mike Bianco and assistant coaches Mike Clement, Carl Lafferty, and Marc MacMillan. They play home games at Swayze Field. Ole Miss has played in the College World Series five times, most recently in 2014.
For the 2013 season, the league's new national broadcast partner was the CBS Sports Network. CBSSN would air 19 regular season games and two playoff games. CBS would also air the ArenaBowl, marking the first time since 2008 that the league's finale aired on network television. Regular season CBSSN broadcast games are usually on Saturday nights. As the games are being shown live, the start times are not uniform as with most football broadcast packages, but vary with the time zone in which the home team is located. This means that the AFL may appear either prior to or following the CBSSN's featured Major League Lacrosse game.
The Ford Richmond Plant, formally the Ford Motor Company Assembly Plant, in Richmond, California, was the largest assembly plant to be built on the West Coast and its conversion to wartime production during World War II aided the United States' war effort. The plant is part of the Rosie the Riveter/World War II Home Front National Historical Park and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. It currently houses the National Park Service visitor center, several private businesses and the Craneway Pavilion, an event venue.
The Eighth Schedule of the Indian Constitution lists 22 languages, which have been referred to as scheduled languages and given recognition, status and official encouragement. In addition, the Government of India has awarded the distinction of classical language to Kannada, Malayalam, Odia, Sanskrit, Tamil and Telugu. Classical language status is given to languages which have a rich heritage and independent nature.
Dale Horvath is a fictional character from the comic book series The Walking Dead and is portrayed by Jeffrey DeMunn in the American television series of the same name. The character's death in the latter half of the second season of the show marks a significant departure from the comics, where Dale survived much longer. In both media, he is shown to be the group's primary moral center.
Sir Andries Stockenström, 1st Baronet, (6 July 1792 in Cape Town – 16 March 1864 in London) was lieutenant governor of British Kaffraria from 13 September 1836 to 9 August 1838.
Space is a compilation album by George Benson released in 1978 on CTI Records. It features his rendition of Sam & Dave's "Hold On, I'm Coming" recorded during the "Good King Bad" sessions as well as some additional songs from his "Carnegie Hall" performance.
For the ancient Egyptians, green had very positive associations. The hieroglyph for green represented a growing papyrus sprout, showing the close connection between green, vegetation, vigor and growth. In wall paintings, the ruler of the underworld, Osiris, was typically portrayed with a green face, because green was the symbol of good health and rebirth. Palettes of green facial makeup, made with malachite, were found in tombs. It was worn by both the living and dead, particularly around the eyes, to protect them from evil. Tombs also often contained small green amulets in the shape of scarab beetles made of malachite, which would protect and give vigor to the deceased. It also symbolized the sea, which was called the "Very Green."
Ndriçim Babasi was a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania. He joined the assembly following local elections in 2011.
The Hundertwasserhaus is an apartment house in Vienna, Austria, built after the idea and concept of Austrian artist Friedensreich Hundertwasser with architect Joseph Krawina as a co-creator.
On December 11, 2008, Joel recorded his own rendition of "Christmas in Fallujah" during a concert at Acer Arena in Sydney and released it as a live single in Australia only. It is the only official release of Joel performing "Christmas in Fallujah", as Cass Dillon sang on the 2007 studio recording and the handful of times the song was played live in 2007. Joel sang the song throughout his December 2008 tour of Australia.
On 25 February 1991, the Warsaw Pact was declared disbanded at a meeting of defense and foreign ministers from remaining Pact countries meeting in Hungary. On 1 July 1991, in Prague, the Czechoslovak President Václav Havel formally ended the 1955 Warsaw Treaty Organization of Friendship, Cooperation, and Mutual Assistance and so disestablished the Warsaw Treaty after 36 years of military alliance with the USSR. In fact, the treaty was de facto disbanded in December 1989 during the violent revolution in Romania, which toppled the communist government, without military intervention form other member states. The USSR disestablished itself in December 1991.
Soft rock reached its commercial peak in the mid-to-late 1970s with acts such as Toto, England Dan & John Ford Coley, Air Supply, Seals and Crofts, America and the reformed Fleetwood Mac, whose Rumours (1977) was the best-selling album of the decade. By 1977, some radio stations, like New York's WTFM and NBC-owned WYNY, had switched to an all-soft rock format. By the 1980s, tastes had changed and radio formats reflected this change, including musical artists such as Journey. Walter Sabo and his team at NBC brought in major personalities from the AM Band to the FM Band taking the format from a background to a foreground listening experience. The addition of major radio stars such as Dan Daniel, Steve O'Brien, Dick Summers, Don Bleu and Tom Parker made it possible to fully monetize the format and provide the foundation for financial success enjoyed to this day
Mouloud () is a town located in the southern Dikhil region of Djibouti. It is located around 102 kilometers south of the capital, Djibouti City.
Poplarville is a city in Pearl River County, Mississippi, United States. As of the 2010 census, the city population was 2,894. It is the county seat of Pearl River County. It hosts an annual Blueberry Jubilee, which includes rides, craft vendors and rodeos.
April Snow (; lit. "Outing" or "Going Out") is a 2005 South Korean romantic drama film co-written and directed by Hur Jin-ho, starring Bae Yong-joon and Son Ye-jin.
Napoleon's coronation took place on December 2, 1804. Two separate crowns were brought for the ceremony: a golden laurel wreath recalling the Roman Empire and a replica of Charlemagne's crown. Napoleon entered the ceremony wearing the laurel wreath and kept it on his head throughout the proceedings. For the official coronation, he raised the Charlemagne crown over his own head in a symbolic gesture, but never placed it on top because he was already wearing the golden wreath. Instead he placed the crown on Josephine's head, the event commemorated in the officially sanctioned painting by Jacques-Louis David. Napoleon was also crowned King of Italy, with the Iron Crown of Lombardy, at the Cathedral of Milan on May 26, 1805. He created eighteen Marshals of the Empire from amongst his top generals to secure the allegiance of the army.
Badia Polesine is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Rovigo in the Italian region Veneto, located about southwest of Venice and about west of Rovigo. It is part of the upper Polesine, and is bounded by the Adige river, which separates the communal territory from the province of Padua.
Francesca Vanini-Boschi (died 1744) was an Italian contralto singer of the 18th century. She is best remembered for her association with the composer George Frideric Handel, for whom she sang both in Italy and in London.
``Take Me to Church ''Single by Hozier from the album Take Me to Church EP and Hozier Released 13 September 2013 (2013 - 09 - 13) Format Digital download Recorded 2013 Genre Indie rock soul blues Length 4: 02 Label Rubyworks Island Columbia Songwriter (s) Andrew Hozier - Byrne Producer (s) Rob Kirwan Hozier singles chronology`` Take Me to Church'' (2013) ``From Eden ''(2014)`` Take Me to Church'' (2014) ``From Eden ''(2014) Hozier chronology Take Me to Church (2014) 'Take Me to Church'2014 From Eden (2014)' From Eden'2014
Windsor Castle survived the tumultuous period of the English Civil War, when it was used as a military headquarters by Parliamentary forces and a prison for Charles I. At the Restoration of the monarchy in 1660, Charles II rebuilt much of Windsor Castle with the help of the architect Hugh May, creating a set of extravagant Baroque interiors that are still admired. After a period of neglect during the 18th century, George III and George IV renovated and rebuilt Charles II's palace at colossal expense, producing the current design of the State Apartments, full of Rococo, Gothic and Baroque furnishings. Queen Victoria made a few minor changes to the castle, which became the centre for royal entertainment for much of her reign. Windsor Castle was used as a refuge by the royal family during the Luftwaffe bombing campaigns of the Second World War and survived a fire in 1992. It is a popular tourist attraction, a venue for hosting state visits, and the preferred weekend home of Elizabeth II.
The competition format follows the usual double round - robin format. During the course of a season, which lasts from August to May, each club plays every other club twice, once at home and once away, for a total of 38 matchdays. Teams receive three points for a win, one point for a draw, and no points for a loss. Teams are ranked by total points, with the highest - ranked club at the end of the season crowned champion.
The Chicago Cubs are an American professional baseball team based in Chicago, Illinois. The Cubs compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the National League (NL) Central division. The team plays its home games at Wrigley Field, located on the city's North Side. The Cubs are one of two major league teams in Chicago; the other, the Chicago White Sox, is a member of the American League (AL) Central division. The Cubs, first known as the White Stockings, was a founding member of the NL in 1876, becoming the Chicago Cubs in 1903.
Kung Fu Panda premiered in the United States on June 6, 2008. The film received positive reviews upon release. Kung Fu Panda opened in 4,114 theaters, grossing $20.3 million on its opening day and $60.2 million on its opening weekend, resulting in the number one position at the box office. The film became DreamWorks' biggest opening for a non-sequel film, the highest grossing animated film of the year worldwide, and also had the fourth - largest opening weekend for a DreamWorks animated film at the American and Canadian box office, behind Shrek 2, Shrek the Third, and Shrek Forever After.
The military of Estonia is based upon the Estonian Defence Forces (Estonian: Kaitsevägi), which is the name of the unified armed forces of the republic with Maavägi (Army), Merevägi (Navy), Õhuvägi (Air Force) and a paramilitary national guard organisation Kaitseliit (Defence League). The Estonian National Defence Policy aim is to guarantee the preservation of the independence and sovereignty of the state, the integrity of its land, territorial waters, airspace and its constitutional order. Current strategic goals are to defend the country's interests, develop the armed forces for interoperability with other NATO and EU member forces, and participation in NATO missions.
The Battle of Fornovo took place southwest of the city of Parma on 6 July 1495. The Holy League, an alliance comprising notably the Republic of Venice, was able to temporarily expel the French from the Italian Peninsula. It was the first major battle of the Italian Wars.
Doug Morris, who was head of Warner Music Group, then Universal Music, became chairman and CEO of the company on July 1, 2011. Sony Music underwent a restructuring after Morris' arrival. He was joined by L.A. Reid, who became the chairman and CEO of Epic Records. Under Reid, multiple artists from the Jive half of the former RCA/Jive Label Group moved to Epic. Peter Edge became the new CEO of the RCA Records unit. The RCA Music Group closed down Arista, J Records and Jive Records in October 2011, with the artists from those labels being moved to RCA Records.
Scar is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' animated feature film The Lion King (1994). The character is voiced by Jeremy Irons while his singing voice is provided by both Irons and Jim Cummings, the latter of whom was hired to replace Irons when the former damaged his singing voice. Subsequently, Scar makes minor appearances in The Lion King II: Simba's Pride (1998) and The Lion King 11⁄2 (2004), in which he is voiced entirely by Cummings, and has a non speaking role in The Lion King 11⁄2 as well as appearing in the Broadway musical adaptation of the film, in which the role of Scar was originated by John Vickery.
The Beaurivage River is a river in Quebec that flows from Thetford Mines and empties in the Chaudière River, near Saint-Romuald, Quebec. It is a body of water mostly known for its annual canoe race beginning at Saint-Patrice-de-Beaurivage, Quebec and finishing at Saint-Gilles, Quebec.
The Bourne Betrayal is the title for the novel by Eric Van Lustbader and the fifth novel in the Jason Bourne series created by Robert Ludlum. It was published in June 2007. It is Lustbader's second Bourne novel, following "The Bourne Legacy" that was published in 2004. Lustbader has written a sequel to "The Bourne Betrayal" titled "The Bourne Sanction".
Blue Springs is a city located in the U.S. state of Missouri and within Jackson County. Blue Springs is located 19 miles (31 km) east of downtown Kansas City, Missouri and is the eighth largest city in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. As of the 2010 United States Census the population was 52,575, tying it for 10th largest city in the state of Missouri with St. Peters. In 2010, CNN / Money Magazine ranked Blue Springs 49th on its list of the 100 Best Places to Live in the United States.
Since September 2004, the official home of the Scottish Parliament has been a new Scottish Parliament Building, in the Holyrood area of Edinburgh. The Scottish Parliament building was designed by Spanish architect Enric Miralles in partnership with local Edinburgh Architecture firm RMJM which was led by Design Principal Tony Kettle. Some of the principal features of the complex include leaf-shaped buildings, a grass-roofed branch merging into adjacent parkland and gabion walls formed from the stones of previous buildings. Throughout the building there are many repeated motifs, such as shapes based on Raeburn's Skating Minister. Crow-stepped gables and the upturned boat skylights of the Garden Lobby, complete the unique architecture. Queen Elizabeth II opened the new building on 9 October 2004.
Minipops was a television series broadcast in 1983 on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom. Designed primarily for younger viewers, it consisted of music performances on a brightly coloured set featuring preteen children singing then-contemporary pop music hits and older classics. The children were usually made to look like the original performers, including clothing and make-up. Controversy over children singing songs that often contained a subtext of adult content (in adult costumes and make-up) led to the show's cancellation after one series.
Winters attended academic and athletic powerhouse Archbishop Molloy High School in Queens, New York, graduating in 1970. He then played collegiately with the University of South Carolina and was the 12th pick in the 1974 NBA Draft, taken by the Los Angeles Lakers. He made the NBA All-Rookie Team with the Lakers, and was then traded to the Milwaukee Bucks as part of the trade that brought Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to the Lakers. He had a productive nine-year career that included two appearances in the NBA All-Star Game and playing on six playoffs teams. Winters averaged 16.2 points and 4.1 assists over his career, with his best years coming from 1975 to 1979 when he averaged over 19 points and slightly less than 5 assists per game. His number 32 was retired by the Bucks. In a 2005 interview, Michael Jordan singled out Winters as the best "pure shooter" in history, claiming that "he had the most beautiful stroke of all the people whom [he could] think of."
USS "Tringa" (ASR-16) was a Chanticleer-class submarine rescue ship of the United States Navy. She was laid down on 12 July 1945 at Savannah, Georgia, by the Savannah Machine & Foundry Co.; launched on 25 June 1946; sponsored by Mrs. Nola Dora Vassar, the mother of Curtis L. Vassar, Jr., missing in action; and commissioned on 28 January 1947, Lt. Comdr. Paul C. Cottrell in command.
Tijuana Moods is an album by Charles Mingus originally recorded in 1957 but not released until June 1962. It was reissued in 1986 on CD as "New Tijuana Moods" with four alternate takes. 2-CD expanded versions with further alternate takes were issued by RCA in 2000 and by Columbia in 2010.
Veera Ballala II () (r. 1173–1220 CE) was the most notable monarch of the Hoysala Empire. His successes against the Yadavas of Devagiri, the Southern Kalachuris, the Pandyas of Madurai and the waning Western Chalukya Empire, and his domination over the diminishing Cholas of Tanjore took the Hoysalas to their peak of power. The historian Chaurasia claims by the end of the 12th century, Ballala II's conquests had made the Hoysalas the most powerful dynasty of the Deccan. According to historian Derrett, Ballala II was "the most outstanding among Hoysala kings", and historian William Coelho in comparing Ballala II to King Vishnuvardhana writes, "he vied in glory with his grandfather".
Often cited as the last verified American POW from the Vietnam War, Garwood was taken to North Vietnam in 1969, and reportedly was released in 1973 along with the other American POWs. However, he did not return to the United States until March 22, 1979.
AOC Bomber Command Arthur Harris did see German morale as a major objective. However, he did not believe that the morale-collapse could occur without the destruction of the German economy. The primary goal of Bomber Command's offensives was to destroy the German industrial base (economic warfare), and in doing so reduce morale. In late 1943, just before the Battle of Berlin, he declared the power of Bomber Command would enable it to achieve "a state of devastation in which surrender is inevitable." A summary of Harris' strategic intentions was clear:
Ed Husic (born 3 February 1970) is an Australian politician who is a member of the Australian House of Representatives, elected to represent the seat of Chifley in western Sydney for the Australian Labor Party at the 2010 federal election.
The BL 18-inch Mk I naval gun was a breech-loading naval gun used by the Royal Navy during World War I. It was the largest and heaviest gun ever used by the British. Only the Second-World-War Japanese 40 cm/45 Type 94 had a larger calibre, , but the British shell was heavier. The gun was a scaled-up version of the BL 15 inch Mk I naval gun and was developed to equip the "large light cruiser" (a form of battlecruiser) . Three guns were built, but they did not see combat with "Furious", before they were removed from her and transferred to the s and for coast bombardment duties. Only 85 rounds were fired in combat operations before the war ended. All three were removed from service in 1920 and served as proving guns for cordite tests. Two were scrapped in 1933 and the last one survived until it was scrapped in 1947.
The Mann Ranges are a mountain range in central Australia. It is located in the far northwest of South Australia, with a small section running over the border into the Northern Territory. It is part of the geological region known as the Musgrave Block, which also includes the Petermann and Musgrave Ranges. Mountains in this region were formed in the Petermann Orogeny (600–550 million years ago).
The Bagmati River which flows through Kathmandu is considered a holy river both by Hindus and Buddhists, and many Hindu temples are located on the banks of this river. The importance of the Bagmati also lies in the fact that Hindus are cremated on its banks, and Kirants are buried in the hills by its side. According to the Nepali Hindu tradition, the dead body must be dipped three times into the Bagmati before cremation. The chief mourner (usually the first son) who lights the funeral pyre must take a holy riverwater bath immediately after cremation. Many relatives who join the funeral procession also take bath in the Bagmati River or sprinkle the holy water on their bodies at the end of cremation as the Bagmati is believed to purify people spiritually.
At the onset of clinical death, consciousness is lost within several seconds. Measurable brain activity stops within 20 to 40 seconds. Irregular gasping may occur during this early time period, and is sometimes mistaken by rescuers as a sign that CPR is not necessary.  During clinical death, all tissues and organs in the body steadily accumulate a type of injury called ischemic injury.
"I Sang Dixie" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Dwight Yoakam. It was released in October 1988 as the second single from his album "Buenas Noches from a Lonely Room". In 1989, "I Sang Dixie" went to number one on the US Country chart.
The "John Burroughs Medal" , named for nature writer John Burroughs (1837–1921), is awarded each year in April by the John Burroughs Association to the author of a book that the association has judged to be distinguished in the field of natural history. Only twice has the award been given to a work of fiction.
Post-painterly abstraction is a term created by art critic Clement Greenberg as the title for an exhibit he curated for the Los Angeles County Museum of Art in 1964, which subsequently travelled to the Walker Art Center and the Art Gallery of Toronto.
Smokey Bear's name and image are protected by U.S. federal law, the Smokey Bear Act of 1952 (16 U.S.C. 580 (p - 2); 18 U.S.C. 711).
Buster Posey Posey in September 2013 at Petco Park San Francisco Giants -- No. 28 Catcher / First baseman Born: (1987 - 03 - 27) March 27, 1987 (age 30) Leesburg, Georgia Bats: Right Throws: Right MLB debut September 11, 2009, for the San Francisco Giants MLB statistics (through September 29, 2017) Batting average. 308 Hits 1,160 Home runs 128 Runs batted in 594 Teams San Francisco Giants (2009 -- present) Career highlights and awards 5 × All - Star (2012, 2013, 2015 -- 2017) 3 × World Series champion (2010, 2012, 2014) NL MVP (2012) NL Rookie of the Year (2010) 3 × Silver Slugger Award (2012, 2014, 2015) Gold Glove Award (2016) NL Hank Aaron Award (2012) NL Comeback Player of the Year (2012) NL batting champion (2012) Golden Spikes Award (2008) Dick Howser Trophy (2008) Medals (hide) Men's baseball Representing United States World Baseball Classic 2017 Los Angeles Team
Michael Jackson: The Life of an Icon is a documentary film about pop singer Michael Jackson produced by his friend, David Gest. The film features footage of the beginning of The Jackson 5, Jackson's solo career and the child molestation accusations made against him. It also has interviews with Jackson's mother, Katherine, and siblings, Tito and Rebbie Jackson, as well as other artists—who were inspired by him and had met him before his death—including Whitney Houston, Smokey Robinson and Dionne Warwick. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 2, 2011.
Kipling GO Station is a GO Transit railway station along the Milton line rail corridor in the Greater Toronto Area, Ontario, Canada. It is located at 27 St. Albans Road in the Islington-City Centre West neighbourhood of Toronto (formerly Etobicoke), near Dundas Street. It is connected to the TTC's Kipling station on the Bloor-Danforth subway line which is right underneath it.
The Senate Majority and Minority Leaders are two United States Senators and members of the party leadership of the United States Senate. These leaders serve as the chief Senate spokespeople for the political parties respectively holding the majority and the minority in the United States Senate, and manage and schedule the legislative and executive business of the Senate. They are elected to their positions in the Senate by their respective party caucuses, the Senate Democratic Caucus and the Senate Republican Conference.
The Official Languages Act (French: Loi sur les langues officielles) is a Canadian law that came into force on September 9, 1969, which gives French and English equal status in the government of Canada. This makes them ``official ''languages, having preferred status in law over all other languages. Although the Official Languages Act is not the only piece of federal language law, it is the legislative keystone of Canada's official bilingualism. It was substantially amended in 1988. Both languages are equal in Canada's government and in all the services it controls, such as the courts.
Oklahoma City is the capital and largest city of the state of Oklahoma. The county seat of Oklahoma County, the city ranks 27th among United States cities in population. The population grew following the 2010 Census, with the population estimated to have increased to 620,602 as of July 2014. As of 2014, the Oklahoma City metropolitan area had a population of 1,322,429, and the Oklahoma City-Shawnee Combined Statistical Area had a population of 1,459,758 (Chamber of Commerce) residents, making it Oklahoma's largest metropolitan area. Oklahoma City's city limits extend into Canadian, Cleveland, and Pottawatomie counties, though much of those areas outside of the core Oklahoma County area are suburban or rural (watershed). The city ranks as the eighth-largest city in the United States by land area (including consolidated city-counties; it is the largest city in the United States by land area whose government is not consolidated with that of a county or borough).
The Legality Movement Party (LMP) ( or PLL) is a right-wing monarchist political party in Albania, led by Shpetim Axhami. It supported the return to power of the House of Zogu under Crown Prince Leka of the Albanians. In the 2001 elections it was part of the Union for Victory ("Bashkimi për Fitoren") coalition which received 37.1% of the vote and 46 members of parliament.
Harold George Bryant Davenport (January 19, 1866 -- August 9, 1949) was an American film and stage actor who worked in show business from the age of six until his death. After a long and prolific Broadway career, he came to Hollywood in the 1930s and appeared in films, including Gone with the Wind (1939), in which he played Dr. Meade.
Barney Miller is an American sitcom set in a New York City Police Department police station on East 6th St in Greenwich Village. The series was broadcast from January 23, 1975, to May 20, 1982, on ABC. It was created by Danny Arnold and Theodore J. Flicker. Noam Pitlik directed the majority of the episodes.
Emma Azalia Hackley (1867–1922) was an African-American singer and political activist. She promoted racial pride through her support and promotion of music education for African Americans.
Klaus-Jürgen Bathe is a civil engineer, professor of mechanical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and founder of ADINA R&D, who specializes in computational mechanics. Bathe is considered to be one of the pioneers in the field of finite element analysis and its applications.
Various LGBT publications serve the city's large LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) community such as The Rainbow Times, the only minority and lesbian-owned LGBT newsmagazine. Founded in 2006, The Rainbow Times is now based out of Boston, but serves all of New England.
Stockholm Public Library (Swedish: "Stockholms stadsbibliotek" or "Stadsbiblioteket") is a library building in Stockholm, Sweden, designed by Swedish architect Gunnar Asplund, and one of the city's most notable structures. The name is today used for both the main library itself as well as the municipal library system of Stockholm.
The 12-metre class was a sailing event on the Sailing at the 1920 Summer Olympics program in Ostend. Two type of 12 Metre classes were used. Four races were scheduled in each type. In total 18 sailors, on 2 boats, from 1 nation entered in the 12 Metre.
Borat's Television Programme is a two-part compilation spin-off of "Da Ali G Show" by British television station Channel 4. The show features Borat Sagdiyev (, ) in the United States learning about the local culture and customs, much in the vein of the later movie "Borat: Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan". The two episodes contain Borat and Brüno segments from "Ali G in da USA", along with new and unseen interviews and shenanigans.
The "Kearsarge"-class battleships were two pre-dreadnought battleships built for the United States Navy at the beginning of the 20th century. They were designed to be used for coastal defense. Both of the ships, and , were authorized in 1895 and commissioned in 1900. Neither ship participated in a major battle, although they participated in the Great White Fleet, the oldest ships on the cruise. "Kentucky" was decommissioned in 1920 and sold for scrap in 1923. "Kearsarge" was also decommissioned in 1920, although it was then converted into a crane ship, and served in that capacity until scrapping in 1955.
Mila Kunis is the voice of the character named Meg Griffin. Kunis won the role after auditions and a slight rewrite of the character, in part due to her performance on That '70s Show. MacFarlane called Kunis back after her first audition, instructing her to speak slower, and then told her to come back another time and enunciate more. Once she claimed that she had it under control, MacFarlane hired her. Kunis described her character as ``the scapegoat ''. She further explained,`` Meg gets picked on a lot. But it's funny. It's like the middle child. She is constantly in the state of being an awkward 14 - year - old, when you're kind of going through puberty and what - not. She's just in a perpetual mode of humiliation. And it's fun.''
USS "Kilty" (DD–137) was a "Wickes"-class destroyer in the United States Navy. She was the first ship named for Admiral Augustus Kilty.
Elias Tillandz (1640–1693), born "Tillander", was a Swedish born doctor and botanist in Finland. He was the professor of medicine at the Academy of Turku. He wrote the country's first botanical work, the "Catalogus Plantarum", which was first published in 1673. As a doctor he also prepared medicines for his patients by using his extensive knowledge of plants.
During his tour on the guided missile frigate USS Gridley, Kerry requested duty in South Vietnam, listing as his first preference a position as the commander of a Fast Patrol Craft (PCF), also known as a "Swift boat." These 50-foot (15 m) boats have aluminum hulls and have little or no armor, but are heavily armed and rely on speed. "I didn't really want to get involved in the war", Kerry said in a book of Vietnam reminiscences published in 1986. "When I signed up for the swift boats, they had very little to do with the war. They were engaged in coastal patrolling and that's what I thought I was going to be doing." However, his second choice of billet was on a river patrol boat, or "PBR", which at the time was serving a more dangerous duty on the rivers of Vietnam.
Sport forms an integral part of German life, as demonstrated by the fact that 27 million Germans are members of a sports club and an additional twelve million pursue such an activity individually. Football is by far the most popular sport, and the German Football Federation (Deutscher Fußballbund) with more than 6.3 million members is the largest athletic organisation in the country. It also attracts the greatest audience, with hundreds of thousands of spectators attending Bundesliga matches and millions more watching on television.
Kochyovsky District () is an administrative district (raion) of Komi-Permyak Okrug of Perm Krai, Russia; one of the thirty-three in the krai. Municipally, it is incorporated as Kochyovsky Municipal District. It is located in the northwest of the krai. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the rural locality (a "selo") of Kochyovo. Population: The population of Kochyovo accounts for 31.4% of the district's total population.
Tonight Live with Steve Vizard was a nightly Australian comedy chat show broadcast on Seven Network in Australia, it featured live music performances.
Prior to the 20th century drugs were generally produced by small scale manufacturers with little regulatory control over manufacturing or claims of safety and efficacy. To the extent that such laws did exist, enforcement was lax. In the United States, increased regulation of vaccines and other biological drugs was spurred by tetanus outbreaks and deaths caused by the distribution of contaminated smallpox vaccine and diphtheria antitoxin. The Biologics Control Act of 1902 required that federal government grant premarket approval for every biological drug and for the process and facility producing such drugs. This was followed in 1906 by the Pure Food and Drugs Act, which forbade the interstate distribution of adulterated or misbranded foods and drugs. A drug was considered misbranded if it contained alcohol, morphine, opium, cocaine, or any of several other potentially dangerous or addictive drugs, and if its label failed to indicate the quantity or proportion of such drugs. The government's attempts to use the law to prosecute manufacturers for making unsupported claims of efficacy were undercut by a Supreme Court ruling restricting the federal government's enforcement powers to cases of incorrect specification of the drug's ingredients.
The Julian year, as used in astronomy and other sciences, is a time unit defined as exactly 365.25 days. This is the normal meaning of the unit ``year ''(symbol`` a'' from the Latin annus) used in various scientific contexts. The Julian century of 7004365250000000000 ♠ 36 525 days and the Julian millennium of 7005365250000000000 ♠ 365 250 days are used in astronomical calculations. Fundamentally, expressing a time interval in Julian years is a way to precisely specify how many days (not how many ``real ''years), for long time intervals where stating the number of days would be unwieldy and unintuitive. By convention, the Julian year is used in the computation of the distance covered by a light - year.
Other Fortune 500 companies, while not headquartered in the area, do have a major presence. These include SunTrust Bank (based in Atlanta), Capital One Financial Corporation (officially based in McLean, Virginia, but founded in Richmond with its operations center and most employees in the Richmond area), and the medical and pharmaceutical giant McKesson (based in San Francisco). Capital One and Altria company's Philip Morris USA are two of the largest private Richmond-area employers. DuPont maintains a production facility in South Richmond known as the Spruance Plant. UPS Freight, the less-than-truckload division of UPS and formerly known as Overnite Transportation, has its corporate headquarters in Richmond.
``In Plenty and In Time of Need ''is the national anthem of the country of Barbados. It was written by Irving Burgie (1926 --) and was composed by C. Van Roland Edwards (1912 -- 1985). As one part of the West Indies Federation from 1958 -- 1962, Barbados' anthem was supposed to be Forged from the Love of Liberty (which is currently the national anthem of Trinidad and Tobago), however the current anthem was created with Barbados' moves toward full independence. This song was then adopted by Barbados when it became independent in 1966.
The United States presidential election of 2020, scheduled for Tuesday, November 3, 2020, will be the 59th quadrennial U.S. presidential election. Voters will select presidential electors who in turn will either elect a new president and vice president through the electoral college or re-elect the incumbents. The series of presidential primary elections and caucuses are likely to be held during the first six months of 2020. This nominating process is also an indirect election, where voters cast ballots selecting a slate of delegates to a political party's nominating convention, who then in turn elect their party's presidential nominee.
The Mach number is named after Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach, and is a designation proposed by aeronautical engineer Jakob Ackeret. As the Mach number is a dimensionless quantity rather than a unit of measure, with Mach, the number comes "after" the unit; the second Mach number is "Mach2" instead of "2Mach" (or Machs). This is somewhat reminiscent of the early modern ocean sounding unit "mark" (a synonym for fathom), which was also unit-first, and may have influenced the use of the term Mach. In the decade preceding faster-than-sound human flight, aeronautical engineers referred to the speed of sound as "Mach's number", never "Mach 1".
Pervez Bilgrami (پرویز بلگرامی) (born 1962 is an Urdu story writer and Novelist from Karachi, Pakistan. He has been an Editor of Monthly Digest "Sachi Kahanian" (سچی کہانیاں) for last 20 years. He currently works as an Editor for "Monthly Sargazusht (سرگزشت)". He is a professional Urdu novelist and story writer. He has written with many pen names and wrote thousands of stories.
The story of how Ted met The Mother is the framing device behind the series; many facts about her are revealed throughout the series, including the fact that Ted once unwittingly owned her umbrella before accidentally leaving it behind in her apartment. Ted and The Mother meet at the Farhampton train station following Barney Stinson and Robin Scherbatsky's wedding; this scene is shown in ``Last Forever '', the series finale. The Mother's death from an unspecified terminal illness in 2024, also revealed in the series finale, received a mixed reaction from fans.
On 23 September 1946, an 8,000-strong railroad worker strike began in Pusan. Civil disorder spread throughout the country in what became known as the Autumn uprising. On 1 October 1946, Korean police killed three students in the Daegu Uprising; protesters counter-attacked, killing 38 policemen. On 3 October, some 10,000 people attacked the Yeongcheon police station, killing three policemen and injuring some 40 more; elsewhere, some 20 landlords and pro-Japanese South Korean officials were killed. The USAMGIK declared martial law.
In 1993, Galor and Zeira showed that inequality in the presence of credit market imperfections has a long lasting detrimental effect on human capital formation and economic development. A 1996 study by Perotti examined the channels through which inequality may affect economic growth. He showed that, in accordance with the credit market imperfection approach, inequality is associated with lower level of human capital formation (education, experience, and apprenticeship) and higher level of fertility, and thereby lower levels of growth. He found that inequality is associated with higher levels of redistributive taxation, which is associated with lower levels of growth from reductions in private savings and investment. Perotti concluded that, "more equal societies have lower fertility rates and higher rates of investment in education. Both are reflected in higher rates of growth. Also, very unequal societies tend to be politically and socially unstable, which is reflected in lower rates of investment and therefore growth."
Catharina Wallenstedt was the daughter of Bishop Laurentius Olai Wallius and Catharina Tidemansdotter, and was alongside her siblings ennobled in 1650. She was maid of honour to Queen Christina of Sweden in 1649–1655. In 1655 she married Edvard Ehrenstéen (died 1686). She was the mother-in-law to Nils Gyldenstolpe and Arvid Horn.
André Maranne (born 1926) is a French former actor, best known for playing Frenchmen in English-language roles in the UK from the mid-1950s. Born André Gaston Maillol, he used André Maranne as a stage name for many years. As of 2005, he was residing in Brighton.
Like his father, Pierre Berton worked in Klondike mining camps during his years as a history major at the University of British Columbia, where he also worked on the student paper "The Ubyssey". He spent his early newspaper career in Vancouver, where at 21 he was the youngest city editor on any Canadian daily, replacing editorial staff that had been called up during the Second World War.
The Agricultural Workers Organization (AWO), an organization of farm workers throughout the United States and Canada, was formed on April 15, 1915, in Kansas City. It was supported by, and a subsidiary organization of, the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW). Although the IWW had advocated the abolition of the wage system as an ultimate goal since its own formation ten years earlier, the AWO's founding convention sought rather to address immediate needs, and championed a ten-hour work day, premium pay for overtime, a minimum wage, good food and bedding for workers. In 1917 the organization changed names to the Agricultural Workers Industrial Union (AWIU) as part of a broader reorganization of IWW industrial unions.
Stansted Transit Buses Ltd was a bus operating company based in Braintree, with an outstation at Saffron Walden, United Kingdom.
In April 2007, the first satellite of BeiDou-2, namely Compass-M1 (to validate frequencies for the BeiDou-2 constellation) was successfully put into its working orbit. The second BeiDou-2 constellation satellite Compass-G2 was launched on 15 April 2009. On 15 January 2010, the official website of the BeiDou Navigation Satellite System went online, and the system's third satellite (Compass-G1) was carried into its orbit by a Long March 3C rocket on 17 January 2010. On 2 June 2010, the fourth satellite was launched successfully into orbit. The fifth orbiter was launched into space from Xichang Satellite Launch Center by an LM-3I carrier rocket on 1 August 2010. Three months later, on 1 November 2010, the sixth satellite was sent into orbit by LM-3C. Another satellite, the Beidou-2/Compass IGSO-5 (fifth inclined geosynchonous orbit) satellite, was launched from the Xichang Satellite Launch Center by a Long March-3A on 1 December 2011 (UTC).
MV "Putney Hill" was a cargo ship completed by William Doxford & Sons Ltd in Sunderland in 1940. She was owned by Putney Hill Steamships Co Ltd and managed by Counties Ship Management Co Ltd of London (CSM), both of which were offshoots of the Rethymnis & Kulukundis shipbroking company. "Putney Hill" was a sister ship of , which Doxford built in the same year for another CSM company, Tower Steamships Co Ltd.
The Volvo Museum is in Gothenburg, Sweden. It covers the development of Sweden's leading vehicle manufacturer Volvo, from the first ÖV 4 to the current cars, trucks, buses and other products. The museum also has displays of Volvo Aero and Volvo Penta products, and many other exhibits, including the joint desk of Assar Gabrielsson and Gustaf Larson from the pioneering years of the company.
Br'er Fox and Br'er Bear (also spelled Brer Fox and Brer Bear, ) are fictional characters from the Uncle Remus folktales adapted and compiled by Joel Chandler Harris.
Veruca Salt is a greedy, demanding, manipulative and stingy brat. She demands every single thing she wants (and more), the second person to find a Golden Ticket, the third eliminated from the tour. A selfish, rotten brat who shows her wealthy family no mercy and has absolutely no regard for other people's property, Veruca frequently pesters her parents to purchase a variety of different objects for her. In the 2005 film, it is revealed that she owns a pony, two dogs, four cats, six rabbits, two parakeets, three canaries, a parrot, a turtle, and a hamster, totalling up to 21 pets. But when she interferes with the trained squirrels used by Willy Wonka to select the best nuts to bake into chocolate bars, she is judged as a ``bad nut ''by the squirrels and discarded into the adjacent 'garbage chute' and her parents follow. All three are later seen leaving the factory`` covered in garbage''. Her nationality was never specified in Dahl's novel, but she hails from an upper - class family in the United Kingdom in both films.
GNU Paint, otherwise known as gpaint, is a free and open-source raster graphics editor similar to Microsoft Paint. It is free software licensed under the terms of GNU General Public License version 3 and is part of the GNU Project.
The GETEC Arena (until 2011: ""Bördelandhalle"") is an indoor sporting arena located in Magdeburg, Germany. The maximum capacity of the arena is 8,071 people for handball games and 8,820 for boxing matches. It is the current home to SC Magdeburg's Handball-Bundesliga team.
The Republicans regained the majority of the Senate in the 114th Congress, which started in January 2015; the Republicans had not controlled the Senate since January 2007. They had needed a net gain of at least six seats to obtain a majority. They held all of their seats, and gained nine Democratic - held seats. Republicans defeated five Democratic incumbents:
Programmes, such as the politically fuelled Give My Head Peace (produced by BBC Northern Ireland) and the soap opera River City (produced by BBC Scotland), have been created specifically to cater for some viewers in their respective nations, who may have found programmes created for English audiences irrelevant. BBC Scotland produces daily programmes for its Gaelic-speaking viewers, including current affairs, political and children's programming such as the popular Eòrpa and Dè a-nis?. BBC Wales also produces a large amount of Welsh language programming for S4C, particularly news, sport and other programmes, especially the soap opera Pobol y Cwm ('People of the Valley'). The UK nations also produce a number of programmes that are shown across the UK, such as BBC Scotland's comedy series Chewin' the Fat, and BBC Northern Ireland's talk show Patrick Kielty Almost Live.
The Electrochemical Society is a learned society (professional association) based in the United States that supports scientific inquiry in the field of electrochemistry and solid-state science and technology. The society membership comprises more than 8,000 scientists and engineers in over 70 countries worldwide who hold individual membership, as well as roughly 100 corporations and laboratories that hold corporate membership.
Charleston is the oldest and largest city in the U.S. state of South Carolina, the county seat of Charleston County, and the principal city in the Charleston -- North Charleston -- Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area. The city lies just south of the geographical midpoint of South Carolina's coastline and is located on Charleston Harbor, an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean formed by the confluence of the Ashley and Cooper rivers. Charleston had an estimated population of 134,385 in 2016. The estimated population of the Charleston metropolitan area, comprising Berkeley, Charleston, and Dorchester counties, was 761,155 residents in 2016, the third - largest in the state and the 78th - largest metropolitan statistical area in the United States.
The Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Cape Cod is a former bottler of Coca-Cola, Dr Pepper and Canada Dry soft drinks located in Sandwich, Massachusetts, United States. The company was bought out in 2000 by the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Northern New England.
Attorney Fred Gailey (John Payne), Doris's neighbor, takes the young divorcée's daughter Susan (Natalie Wood) to see Santa. Doris has raised her to not believe in fairy tales, but Susan is shaken after seeing Kris speak Dutch with a girl who does not know English. Doris asks Kringle to tell Susan that he is not Santa, but he insists that he is.
Patrick Lavon Mahomes II (born September 17, 1995) is an American football quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Texas Tech, and was drafted by the Chiefs with the tenth overall pick in the 2017 NFL Draft. Mahomes is the son of former MLB pitcher Pat Mahomes.
Gunpo (군포; ), formerly romanized as Kunp'o, is a small city in South Korea's Gyeonggi Province, located south of Seoul in the Seoul National Capital Area. It borders Anyang to the north, Uiwang to the east, and Ansan to the south and west, and is connected to its neighbors and to Seoul by lines 1 and 4 of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway. Gunpo is also home to three stops on the Gyeongbu Line, a national railway that links it to the rest of the country. Although 73.2% of the city is greenspace, owing largely to Surisan and various smaller mountains, Gunpo is home to over 286,000 residents in several urban areas. The city's downtown core is Sanbon New Town, a commercial hub which centers on a pedestrian "street of culture" that Gunpo has designated as one of its eight scenic locations.
Rio Linda High School is a high school located in Rio Linda, Sacramento, CA. It has an enrollment of 2,035 students. It is part of the Twin Rivers Unified School District, and was formerly part of the Grant Unified School District.
Batman: Under the Red Hood is a 2010 American animated superhero direct - to - video film produced by Warner Bros. Animation and released by Warner Home Video. It is the eighth feature in the DC Universe Animated Original Movies series. It was released on July 27, 2010. The film stars Bruce Greenwood as Bruce Wayne / Batman, Jensen Ackles as the Red Hood / Jason Todd, John DiMaggio as the Joker, Neil Patrick Harris as Nightwing / Dick Grayson, Jason Isaacs as Ra's al Ghul, and Wade Williams as Black Mask. The screenplay was written by Judd Winick, who also wrote the ``Under the Hood ''run in the monthly Batman comic.
Luis Colosio Fernández (2 March 1923 – 6 February 2010) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He served as Senator of the LVIII and LIX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Sonora.
The Zec de la Bessonne is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée" (controlled harvesting area) (ZEC) near La Tuque in administrative region of Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada. A territory of was assigned in 1978 to the Zec.
Jenny Benson (born January 25, 1978, in Fountain Valley, California) is a retired American soccer midfielder/defender who was a member of the United States women's national soccer team.
Sheldon won an Academy Award for Writing Original Screenplay (1947) for The Bachelor and the Bobby-Soxer, a Tony Award (1959) for his musical Redhead, and was nominated for an Emmy Award for his work on I Dream of Jeannie, an NBC sitcom. Sheldon was inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 1988 had a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars dedicated to him in 1994.
Pinball Quest is the name of a Nintendo Entertainment System video game developed by TOSE and published by Jaleco in 1990. The game is based on the popular arcade game pinball. The role playing aspect of the game makes it unique from other pinball based video games.
The following era was marked by instability, as over 1.5 million propertyless Greek refugees from Turkey had to be integrated into Greek society. Because the term "Greeks" in the exchange was based on religion Cappadocian Greeks, Pontian Greeks, and non Greek followers of Greek Orthodoxy were all subject to the exchange as well. Many of these refugees couldn't even speak the language, and were from alien environments, such as the case of the non Greeks and Cappadocians. The refugees also made a dramatic post war population boost, as the amount of refugees was more than a quarter of Greece's prior population. The task was undertaken by settling the Pontians and Cappadocians in the Macedonian mountains, where they would adapt better, and settling the Demotic speakers and non Greeks in the Greek Isles and cities, where they were already adapted to.
His strong spirit is reborn and reincarnated as a newborn Retriever puppy in 1961. Toby leaves his cage at a puppy mill and is found by two garbage men who plan to sell him for their own profit. They leave to drink and Toby is spotted locked inside their pick - up truck by a young boy named Ethan and his mother, who rescue him from the brink of death by heatstroke. After they convince Ethan's father, the dog is allowed to stay and renamed Bailey.
The 1950 national constitution of India legally abolished the practice of untouchability and provided measures for positive discrimination in both educational institutions and public services for Dalits and other social groups who lie within the caste system. These are supplemented by official bodies such as the National Commission for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes.
San Antonio Missions National Historical Park is a National Historical Park and part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site preserving four of the five Spanish frontier missions in San Antonio, Texas, USA. These outposts were established by Catholic religious orders to spread Christianity among the local natives. These missions formed part of a colonization system that stretched across the Spanish Southwest in the 17th, 18th, and 19th centuries.
The Free State of Brunswick () was a state of the German Reich in the time of the Weimar Republic. It was formed after the abolition of the Duchy of Brunswick in the course of the German Revolution of 1918–19. Its capital was Braunschweig (Brunswick).
True Grit is a 1969 American western film. It is the first film adaptation of Charles Portis' 1968 novel of the same name. The screenplay was written by Marguerite Roberts. The film was directed by Henry Hathaway and starred Kim Darby as Mattie Ross and John Wayne as U.S. Marshal Rooster Cogburn. Wayne won his only Academy Award for his performance in this film and reprised his role for the 1975 sequel Rooster Cogburn.
The Millennium Dance Complex is a dance studio founded in 1992 located in the NOHO Arts District of Los Angeles. "Dance Teacher" magazine called it "...one of the top schools in the country" Millennium offers classes daily in jazz dance, hip-hop, tap, and contemporary dance. Performers such as Britney Spears, Janet Jackson, Justin Timberlake, Usher, Jennifer Lopez, Christina Aguilera, Kenny Ortega, P. Diddy, Beyoncé, Samuel_(singer), NCT 127 and Ateez have taken a class or had rehearsals at this studio.
Hotline Communications Limited (HCL) was a software company founded in 1997, based in Toronto, Canada, with employees also in the United States and Australia. Hotline Communications' main activity was the publishing and distribution of a multi-purpose client/server communication software product named "Hotline Connect", informally called, simply, "Hotline". Initially, Hotline Communications sought a wide audience for its products, and organizations as diverse as Avid Technology, Apple Computer Australia, and public high schools used Hotline. At its peak, Hotline received millions of dollars in venture capital funding, grew to employ more than fifty people, served millions of users, and won accolades at trade shows and in newspapers and computer magazines around the world.
Washburn is an unincorporated community in Armstrong County, Texas, United States. It is located along U.S. Highway 287 in northwestern Armstrong County, approximately 20 miles east of Amarillo. According to the Handbook of Texas, the community had an estimated population of 120 in 2000. Washburn is part of the Amarillo Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Journal of Higher Education Outreach and Engagement is a peer-reviewed open-access academic journal published by the University of Georgia. It was established in 1996 as the "Journal of Public Service and Outreach". The journal covers issues concerning service learning and university outreach to surrounding communities. The journal publishes research articles, essays, descriptions of nascent university-community partnership projects, book reviews, and dissertation overviews.
Later interpretations of Avicenna's philosophy split into three different schools; those (such as al-Tusi) who continued to apply his philosophy as a system to interpret later political events and scientific advances; those (such as al-Razi) who considered Avicenna's theological works in isolation from his wider philosophical concerns; and those (such as al-Ghazali) who selectively used parts of his philosophy to support their own attempts to gain greater spiritual insights through a variety of mystical means. It was the theological interpretation championed by those such as al-Razi which eventually came to predominate in the madrasahs.
The Swift River is a river that begins in Yukon Territory and flows southwest into British Columbia to its mouth at the east side of Teslin Lake on the Teslin River system. The river drains the uppermost portion of the Cassiar Mountains and in its lower reaches traverses the Nisutlin Plateau, which lies along the east side of Teslin Lake north of the mouth of the Jennings River, which is to the south of the Swift.
Tzelafon () is a moshav in central Israel. Located to the north of Beit Shemesh, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In it had a population of .
The King James Version (KJV), also known as the King James Bible (KJB) or simply the Authorized Version (AV), is an English translation of the Christian Bible for the Church of England, begun in 1604 and completed / published in 1611. The books of the King James Version include the 39 books of the Old Testament, an intertestamental section containing 14 books of the Apocrypha, and the 27 books of the New Testament.
In 1964 Israel hosted and won the Asian Nations Cup; in 1970 the Israel national football team managed to qualify to the FIFA World Cup, which is still considered[by whom?] the biggest achievement of Israeli football.[citation needed] The 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, were the last Asian Games in which Israel participated, and was plagued by the Arab countries which refused to compete with Israel, and Israel since ceased competing in Asian competitions. Israel was excluded from the 1978 Asian Games due to security and expense involved if they were to participate. In 1994, UEFA agreed to admit Israel and all Israeli sporting organizations now compete in Europe.[citation needed]
West DeLand is a census-designated place (CDP) in Volusia County, Florida, United States. The population was 3,535 at the 2010 census.
The song was featured in the 2016 documentary Holy Hell about the 1980s West Hollywood cult Buddhafield and its allegedly manipulative and abusive leader. The song plays on toward the end of the documentary as ex-members of the cult are seen dancing in a field and while crying. The song is referenced by Ed Sheeran in his song ``All of the Stars ''. Grey's Anatomy Season 7, Episode 18,`` Song Beneath the Song'', featured characters singing ``Chasing Cars ''in a musical episode.
Demographics of New Zealand Population pyramid taken from the 2013 census Population 4,793,700 Density 17.9 / km (46.4 / sq mi) Growth rate 2.1% Birth rate 12.65 per 1000 pop. Death rate 6.64 per 1000 pop. Life expectancy male 79.9 years female 83.4 years Fertility rate 1.87 births per woman Infant mortality rate 3.58 per 1000 live births Net migration rate 14.72 per 1000 pop. Age structure 0 -- 14 years 19.6% 15 -- 64 years 65.5% 65 and over 14.9% Sex ratio Total 0.97 males / female Under 15 1.05 males / female 15 -- 64 years 0.97 males / female 65 and over 0.87 males / female Nationality Nationality New Zealander Major ethnic European 74.0% Minor ethnic Māori 14.9% Asian 11.8% Pacific peoples 7.4% Language Official English 96.1% Māori 3.7% New Zealand Sign Language 0.5%
Sugarloaf Ridge State Park is a state park in Northern California, U.S.A.. Located in the Mayacamas Mountains north of Kenwood, the park straddles the boundary between Sonoma and Napa counties. The park contains the Bald Mountain and the headwaters of Sonoma Creek including a tall seasonal waterfall. The park is also home to the volunteer-run Robert Ferguson Observatory. Camping, picnicking, horseback riding, mountain biking, stargazing, fishing and hiking are common attractions of Sugarloaf. The park boasts 25 miles of trails with trails ranging from less than a mile to 8.8 miles, and elevation gains reaching 2,500 feet.
In ancient times, tribal nations preferred endogamous marriage -- marriage to one's relatives; the ideal marriage was usually that to a cousin, and it was often forbidden for an eldest daughter to even marry outside the family. Marriage to a half - sister, for example, is considered incest by most nations today, but was common behaviour for Egyptian pharaohs; similarly, the Book of Genesis portrays Sarah as marrying Abraham, her half - brother, without criticising the close genetic relationship between them, and the Book of Samuel treats the marriage of a royal prince to his half - sister as unusual, rather than wicked.
The Atari ST is a line of home computers from Atari Corporation and the successor to the Atari 8-bit family. The initial ST model, the 520ST, saw limited release in April–June 1985 and was widely available in July. The Atari ST is the first personal computer to come with a bitmapped color GUI, using a version of Digital Research's GEM released in February 1985. The 1040ST, released in 1986, is the first personal computer to ship with a megabyte of RAM in the base configuration and also the first with a cost-per-kilobyte of less than US$1.
The use of paper for hygiene has been recorded in China in the 6th century AD, with specifically manufactured toilet paper being mass - produced in the 14th century. Modern commercial toilet paper originated in the 19th century, with a patent for roll - based dispensers being made in 1883.
Kosciuszko is the fifth studio album by Australian alternative rock band Jebediah. Recorded between 2010 and 2011, it was released on 15 April 2011 by record label Dew Process; their first release since their hiatus following 2005's "Anniversary E.P."
Martin Riggs is a fictional character from the "Lethal Weapon" film series. Riggs was originally played by Mel Gibson in all four films from 1987 to 1998, and later by Clayne Crawford in the Fox television series from 2016 to 2018.
The 2018 Phillips 66 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament was a postseason men's basketball tournament for the Big 12 Conference. It was played from March 7 to 10, in Kansas City, Missouri at the Sprint Center. Kansas defeated West Virginia in the championship game to win the tournament and receive the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament.
The Nemnyuga () is a river in Leshukonsky, Pinezhsky, and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Kuloy River. It is long, and the area of its basin . The principal tributaries are the Korda River (left), the Parsova River (left), and the Shala River (right).
An example of the first view is the regulation of attorneys and judges, and the establishment of rules for the conduct of the courts, by the Congress and in the states the legislatures. Although in practice these matters are delegated to the Supreme Court, the Congress holds these powers and delegates them to the Supreme Court only for convenience in light of the Supreme Court's expertise, but can withdraw that delegation at any time.
The United States presidential election of 2000 was the 54th quadrennial presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 7, 2000. Republican candidate George W. Bush, the Governor of Texas and the eldest son of the 41st President George H.W. Bush, narrowly defeated Democratic nominee Al Gore, the incumbent vice president. It was the fourth of five presidential elections in which the winning candidate lost the popular vote.
Super Grit Cowboy Band is an American country music band formed in North Carolina. It was founded by Clyde Mattocks, Libby Mattocks, Bill Lyerly, Danny Vinson, Dave Cavanaugh and Alfred Ward. Active since 1974, the band recorded first with Sound Hut Studios. Beginning with their 1981 album, the band has recorded on its own Hoodswamp label.
The flow of cold, gray mountain water continues for some distance into the lake. The cold water flows near the surface and at first doesn't mix with the warmer, green waters of Upper Lake. But then, at the so-called Rheinbrech, the Rhine water abruptly falls into the depths because of the greater density of cold water. The flow reappears on the surface at the northern (German) shore of the lake, off the island of Lindau. The water then follows the northern shore until Hagnau am Bodensee. A small fraction of the flow is diverted off the island of Mainau into Lake Überlingen. Most of the water flows via the Constance hopper into the Rheinrinne ("Rhine Gutter") and Seerhein. Depending on the water level, this flow of the Rhine water is clearly visible along the entire length of the lake.
David Lin graduated with a bachelor and master of commerce degree from the National Chengchi University in Taiwan. He earned his master of science degree from Georgetown University in the United States.
Phillips became the winner, beating Sanchez. Prior to the announcement of the winner, season five finalist Ace Young proposed marriage to season three runner-up Diana DeGarmo on stage – which she accepted.
``I Write the Songs ''is a popular song written by Bruce Johnston in 1975 and made famous by Barry Manilow. Manilow's version reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in January 1976 after spending two weeks atop the Billboard adult contemporary chart in December 1975. It won a Grammy Award for Song of the Year and was nominated for Record of the Year in 1977. Billboard ranked it as the No. 13 song of 1976.
``Frankly, my dear, I do n't give a damn ''is a line from the 1939 film Gone with the Wind starring Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh. The line is spoken by Rhett Butler (Gable), as his last words to Scarlett O'Hara (Leigh), in response to her tearful question:`` Where shall I go? What shall I do?'' Scarlett clings to the hope that she can win him back. This line is also partially spoken by Rhett Butler in Margaret Mitchell's novel Gone with the Wind, published in 1936, from which the film is derived.
Other influential Muslim philosophers include al-Jahiz, a pioneer in evolutionary thought; Ibn al-Haytham (Alhazen), a pioneer of phenomenology and the philosophy of science and a critic of Aristotelian natural philosophy and Aristotle's concept of place (topos); Al-Biruni, a critic of Aristotelian natural philosophy; Ibn Tufail and Ibn al-Nafis, pioneers of the philosophical novel; Shahab al-Din Suhrawardi, founder of Illuminationist philosophy; Fakhr al-Din al-Razi, a critic of Aristotelian logic and a pioneer of inductive logic; and Ibn Khaldun, a pioneer in the philosophy of history.
Rajashri (Telugu: రాజశ్రీ) (31 August 1934 – 14 August 1994) was a famous dialogue and lyrics writer and Music director in Telugu cinema industry. His birth name is Indukuri Ramakrishnam Raju (ఇందుకూరి రామకృష్ణంరాజు). He has worked with nearly 1000 films, a majority of them are dubbing films. He was aptly called "Anuvaada Brahma".
Helena Bonham Carter as Iracebeth of Crims, the Red Queen. She is an amalgamation of two Carroll characters: the Red Queen and the Queen of Hearts. Her first name is a play on the word irascible because she is easily irritated, obstreperous, impatient, and quick to anger. Bonham Carter's head was digitally increased to three times its original size on screen. The character hates animals, and chooses to use them as servants and furniture. It is implied that the Red Queen beheaded her former husband, the King. The actress took inspiration from her young daughter Nell, a toddler, stating that, ``The Red Queen is just like a toddler, because she's got a big head and she's a tyrant. ''
The Canadian Football League (CFL; French: Ligue canadienne de football, LCF) is a professional sports league in Canada. The CFL is the highest level of competition in Canadian football. Its nine teams, which are located in nine separate cities, are divided into two divisions: the East Division, with four teams, and the West Division with five teams.
Roamin' Holiday is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 155th "Our Gang" short released (156th episode, 67th talking short, and 68th talking episode).
The Wapizagonke Lake is one of the bodies of water located the sector "Lac-Wapizagonke", in the city of Shawinigan, in the La Mauricie National Park, in the region of Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada.
The Garsonuiskoe mine is a large mine located in the south Russia in Zabaykalsky Krai. Garsonuiskoe represents one of the largest fluorite reserves in Russia having estimated reserves of 9.5 million tonnes of ore grading 30.6% fluorite.
Raatbek Sanatbayev (May 7, 1969 – January 8, 2006 in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan) was a Kyrgyz Greco-Roman wrestler who competed in the Men's Greco-Roman 82 kg at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the Men's Greco-Roman 85 kg at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He won the bronze medal at the 1999 World Championships, and won the Asian Championship in 1999 and 2000, silver medals in the 1995 and 1997 Asian Championships and 1994 and 1998 Asian Games, and a bronze medal at the 1996 Asian Championships.
"Think of Laura" is a popular song by the American Grammy Award-winning singer-songwriter Christopher Cross. Released as a single in late 1983 from Cross' second studio album, "Another Page", "Think of Laura" became the singer's fourth (and, to date, final) single to reach the Top 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, where it peaked at #9 in early 1984. The song spent eleven weeks in the Top 40. In addition, the song became Cross' third single to hit #1 on the adult contemporary chart, following "Never Be the Same" and "Arthur's Theme (Best That You Can Do)". "Think of Laura" remained at #1 on this chart for four weeks. The song was written by Cross and produced by Michael Omartian.
Rogfast or the Rogaland Fixed Link is a sub-sea road tunnel under construction between the municipalities of Randaberg (near the city of Stavanger) and Bokn in Rogaland county, Norway. The project will be a world record with respect to its length and its maximum depth of below sea level. This will be a part of the main European route E39 highway along the west coast of Norway and it will link the cities of Kristiansand – Stavanger – Haugesund – Bergen.
Mach bands is an optical illusion named after the physicist Ernst Mach. It exaggerates the contrast between edges of the slightly differing shades of gray, as soon as they contact one another, by triggering edge-detection in the human visual system.
McGillivray Pass (1867 m or 6215 ft) is a mountain pass in the Pacific Ranges of southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located about 30 miles west of the town of Lillooet and immediately west of the upper end of Anderson Lake, above the former resort community of McGillivray (formerly McGillivray Falls). The pass connects the head of McGillivray Creek with the head of Standard Creek, a tributary of Cadwallader Creek and was used as a route by prospectors, miners and hunters heading for the upper Bridge River Country beyond the pass. The pass was proposed at one time for a cog railway to connect the mines at Bralorne and Pioneer with the Pacific Great Eastern Railway (now part of CN but the project never went forward. There are private ski cabins near the summit area of the pass, which is the division between the Bendor Range to the east and the Cadwallader Range to the west (part of the Birkenhead Ranges).
Long Merarap is a settlement in the Lawas division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching.
The main representatives of the new style, often referred to as ars nova as opposed to the ars antiqua, were the composers Philippe de Vitry and Guillaume de Machaut. In Italy, where the Provençal troubadours had also found refuge, the corresponding period goes under the name of trecento, and the leading composers were Giovanni da Cascia, Jacopo da Bologna and Francesco Landini. Prominent reformer of Orthodox Church music from the first half of 14th century was John Kukuzelis; he also introduced a system of notation widely used in the Balkans in the following centuries.
The One Hundred Fifteenth United States Congress is the current meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives. It meets in Washington, D.C. from January 3, 2017, to January 3, 2019, during the final weeks of the Obama presidency and the first two years of Donald Trump's presidency. The November 2016 elections maintained Republican control of both the House and Senate.
Wardell Jackson (born July 18, 1951 in Yazoo City, Mississippi) is a retired professional basketball small forward who played one season in the National Basketball Association (NBA) as a member of the Seattle SuperSonics during the 1974–75 season. He attended Ohio State University where he was drafted by the Sonics during the sixth round of the 1974 NBA draft.
The 2017 U.S. News & World Report's ``Best Law School Rankings ''ranked the FIU College of Law at 100 in the United States. This represents an increase of more than 51 spots since 2009.
The sixteenth season of American Idol premiered on March 11, 2018, on the ABC television network. It is the show's first season to air on ABC. Ryan Seacrest continued his role as the show's host, while Katy Perry, Luke Bryan, and Lionel Richie joined as judges.
Informal learning is one of three forms of learning defined by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). Informal learning occurs in a variety of places, such as at home, work, and through daily interactions and shared relationships among members of society. For many learners this includes language acquisition, cultural norms and manners. Informal learning for young people is an ongoing process that also occurs in a variety of places, such as out of school time, in youth programs at community centers and media labs.
Eden is a census-designated place in Weber County, Utah, United States. It is home to Powder Mountain ski resort. It lies between the North and Middle Fork of the Ogden River, north of Pineview Reservoir. The elevation is . The population was 600 at the 2010 census. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 84310. Eden is part of the Ogden–Clearfield, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area.
In its 2013 ParkScore ranking, The Trust for Public Land reported that the park system in New York City was the second best park system among the 50 most populous U.S. cities, behind the park system of Minneapolis. ParkScore ranks urban park systems by a formula that analyzes median park size, park acres as percent of city area, the percent of city residents within a half-mile of a park, spending of park services per resident, and the number of playgrounds per 10,000 residents.
The river rises near Clover Power Station, on the slopes of Mount Bogong, the highest mountain in Victoria at . The main river is formed by the confluence of the Kiewa River East branch and West Kiewa River. The Kiewa River flows generally north northwest, joined by eleven minor tributaries, towards its confluence with the Murray River, southeast of Albury and east of Wodonga. The main river descends over its course, sedately through cleared farming country downstream of Mount Beauty; while the West Kiewa River descends over its course, in near-pristine ash and peppermint forest country where the flow is swift, upstream of the town of Mount Beauty.
Republicans regained control of the chamber they had lost in the 2006 midterm elections, picking up a net total of 63 seats and erasing the gains Democrats made in 2006 and 2008. Although the sitting U.S. President's party usually loses seats in a midterm election, the 2010 election resulted in the highest loss of a party in a House midterm election since 1938, and the largest House swing since 1948. This also happened to be the Republicans' largest gain in House seats since 1938. Republicans gained the most in New York state where they picked up six seats, defeating five incumbents and winning an open Democratic district. The heavy Democratic Party losses were attributed to anger with President Obama, opposition to the Affordable Care Act, large budget deficits and the weak economy. This was also the third consecutive midterm election in a president's first term where the Republican Party has made gains in the House of Representatives, as well as the second consecutive midterm election where party control of the said chamber changed hands. Notable freshmen included future Senators Cory Gardner, Todd Young, James Lankford, and Tim Scott, future Governor of Delaware John Carney, future Director of the Office of Management and Budget Mick Mulvaney, future Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, future Lieutenant Governor of Arkansas Tim Griffin, and future Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry.
MacMillan, Macmillan, McMillen or McMillan are variants of a Scottish surname. The origin of the name is said to derive from the origin of the Scottish Clan MacMillan. The progenitor of the Clan was said to be Airbertach, Hebridean prince of the old royal house of Moray. Airbertach had a son named Cormac, who was a Bishop, and Cormac's own son Gilchrist or, in Gaelic, Gille Chriosd, the progenitor of the Clann an Mhaoil, was a religious man like his father; and it was because of this that he wore the tonsure which gave him the nickname Maolan or Gillemaol. As a Columban priest, his head would have been shaved over the front of his head in the style of Saint John the Evangelist, rather than at the vertex of head (the dominant style in The Church of Rome). This distinctive tonsure is described in Gaelic as' Mhaoillan '. The name MacMillan thus literally means, ``son of the tonsure ''.
In 1993, browser software was further innovated by Marc Andreessen with the release of Mosaic, "the world's first popular browser", which made the World Wide Web system easy to use and more accessible to the average person. Andreesen's browser sparked the internet boom of the 1990s. The introduction of Mosaic in 1993 – one of the first graphical web browsers – led to an explosion in web use. Andreessen, the leader of the Mosaic team at National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA), soon started his own company, named Netscape, and released the Mosaic-influenced Netscape Navigator in 1994, which quickly became the world's most popular browser, accounting for 90% of all web use at its peak (see usage share of web browsers).
The resulting Treaty of Schönbrunn in October 1809 was the harshest that France had imposed on Austria in recent memory. Metternich and Archduke Charles had the preservation of the Habsburg Empire as their fundamental goal, and to this end they succeeded by making Napoleon seek more modest goals in return for promises of friendship between the two powers. Nevertheless, while most of the hereditary lands remained a part of the Habsburg realm, France received Carinthia, Carniola, and the Adriatic ports, while Galicia was given to the Poles and the Salzburg area of the Tyrol went to the Bavarians. Austria lost over three million subjects, about one-fifth of her total population, as a result of these territorial changes. Although fighting in Iberia continued, the War of the Fifth Coalition would be the last major conflict on the European continent for the next three years.
Sarah Harriet Burney (29 August 1772 – 8 February 1844) was an English novelist, the daughter of musicologist and composer Charles Burney, and half-sister of the novelist and diarist Frances Burney (Madame d'Arblay). She had some intermittent success with her novels.
Lennon -- McCartney (sometimes McCartney -- Lennon) was the songwriting partnership between English musicians John Lennon (9 October 1940 -- 8 December 1980) and Paul McCartney (born 18 June 1942) of the Beatles. It is one of the best known and most successful musical collaborations in history, with the Beatles selling over 600 million records, tapes and CDs as of 2004. Between 1962 and 1969, the partnership published approximately 180 jointly credited songs, of which the vast majority were recorded by the Beatles, forming the bulk of their catalogue.
Emmett Williams (4 April 1925 – 14 February 2007) was an American poet and visual artist. He was married to British visual artist Ann Nöel.
Adewale Akinnuoye - Agbaje (/ ˌædeɪˈwɑːleɪ ˌækɪˈnuː. eɪ ɑː ɡˈbɑːdʒeɪ /; born 22 August 1967) is an English actor and former fashion model. He is best known for his roles as Lock - Nah in The Mummy Returns, Nykwana Wombosi in The Bourne Identity, Mr. Eko on Lost, and Simon Adebisi on Oz. His more recent roles include Malko in the fifth season of the HBO series Game of Thrones, providing the voice to the title character on the animated series Major Lazer, Dave Duerson in the NFL biopic drama Concussion, and Killer Croc in Suicide Squad.
Cargo Records is a record label based in London, England, which distributes musical recordings in the United Kingdom and Europe. The company currently distributes records in a wide variety of genres, both as a label in its own right and as a distributor for other independent record labels.
The Navy needed to determine its role within the special operations arena. In March 1961, Admiral Arleigh Burke, the Chief of Naval Operations, recommended the establishment of guerrilla and counter-guerrilla units. These units would be able to operate from sea, air or land. This was the beginning of the Navy SEALs. All SEALs came from the Navy's Underwater Demolition Teams, who had already gained extensive experience in commando warfare in Korea; however, the Underwater Demolition Teams were still necessary to the Navy's amphibious force.
Minstrel Point is a point about midway between Cape Lindsey and Cape Yelcho on the west coast of Elephant Island, in the South Shetland Islands off Antarctica. It was named by the UK Joint Services Expedition to Elephant Island of 1970–71, after the brig "Minstrel" (Captain MacGregor), a sealer from London, which anchored north of this feature in February 1821.
The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 12 November 1962 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in September 1963 under the shorter title of The Mirror Crack'd and with a copyright date of 1962. The UK edition retailed at fifteen shillings (15/-) and the US edition at $3.75.
In the 1979 -- 80 season, after having tested it in the previous pre-season, the NBA adopted the three - point line despite the view of many that it was a gimmick. Chris Ford of the Boston Celtics is widely credited with making the first three - point shot in NBA history on October 12, 1979. Kevin Grevey of the Washington Bullets also made one on the same day.
The character appears in various Marvel Cinematic Universe films, including The Avengers (2012), portrayed by Damion Poitier, and Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), and its untitled sequel (2019), portrayed by Josh Brolin through voice and motion capture. The character has appeared in various comic adaptations, including animated television series, arcade, and video games.
Abdullah Mahmoud al-Khalidi () was a Syrian Armed Forces major general who has been described as "one of Syria's foremost experts in aviation". He was allegedly assassinated by the opposition on 30 October 2012 in the Rukn-Eddin neighborhood of Damascus, after leaving his car. Opposition activists denied this report and claimed that the Syrian government was behind the assassination because al-Khalidi planned to defect.
Samuel E. Wright is an American film and theatre actor and singer. He is best known as the voice of Sebastian in Disney's The Little Mermaid, for which he provided the main vocals to ``Under the Sea '', which won the Academy Award for Best Original Song. Wright also played the part of Mufasa in the original cast of The Lion King on Broadway and voiced Kron the Iguanodon in Disney's CGI film Dinosaur.
The United States Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (abbreviated as FFDCA, FDCA, or FD&C), is a set of laws passed by Congress in 1938 giving authority to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to oversee the safety of food, drugs, medical devices, and cosmetics. A principal author of this law was Royal S. Copeland, a three - term U.S. Senator from New York. In 1968, the Electronic Product Radiation Control provisions were added to the FD&C. Also in that year the FDA formed the Drug Efficacy Study Implementation (DESI) to incorporate into FD&C regulations the recommendations from a National Academy of Sciences investigation of effectiveness of previously marketed drugs. The act has been amended many times, most recently to add requirements about bioterrorism preparations.
On 11 March 1978, a PLO guerilla raid from Lebanon led to the Coastal Road Massacre. Israel responded by launching an invasion of southern Lebanon to destroy the PLO bases south of the Litani River. Most PLO fighters withdrew, but Israel was able to secure southern Lebanon until a UN force and the Lebanese army could take over. The PLO soon resumed its policy of attacks against Israel. In the next few years, the PLO infiltrated the south and kept up a sporadic shelling across the border. Israel carried out numerous retaliatory attacks by air and on the ground.
The Old Man and the Sea is a short novel written by the American author Ernest Hemingway in 1951 in Cuba, and published in 1952. It was the last major work of fiction by Hemingway that was published during his lifetime. One of his most famous works, it tells the story of Santiago, an aging Cuban fisherman who struggles with a giant marlin far out in the Gulf Stream off the coast of Cuba.
The official music video for the song premiered August 21, 2017, on Tidal, but was subsequently released on YouTube on August 26. It was shot in Miami, and features a guest appearance from Blac Chyna.
Miracle of the White Stallions is a 1963 film released by Walt Disney starring Robert Taylor (playing Alois Podhajsky), Lilli Palmer, and Eddie Albert. It is the story of the evacuation of the Lipizzaner horses from the Spanish Riding School in Vienna during World War II.
In the Heat of the Sun is a 1994 Chinese film directed and written by Jiang Wen. This was Jiang Wen's first foray into directing after years as a leading man. The film is based loosely on author Wang Shuo's novel "Wild Beast".
By April 1945, China had already been at war with Japan for more than seven years. Both nations were exhausted by years of battles, bombings and blockades. After Japanese victories in Operation Ichi-Go, Japan were losing the battle in Burma and facing constant attacks from Chinese Nationalists forces and Communist guerrillas in the country side. The Japanese army began preparations for the Battle of West Hunan in March 1945. Japanese mobilized 34th, 47th, 64th, 68th and 116th Divisions, as well as the 86th Independent Brigade, for a total of 80,000 men to seize Chinese airfields and secure railroads in West Hunan by early April. In response, the Chinese National Military Council dispatched the 4th Front Army and the 10th and 27th Army Groups with He Yingqin as commander-in-chief. At the same time, it airlifted the entire Chinese New 6th Corps, an American-equipped corps and veterans of the Burma Expeditionary Force, from Kunming to Zhijiang. Chinese forces totaled 110,000 men in 20 divisions. They were supported by about 400 aircraft from Chinese and American air forces. Chinese forces achieved a decisive victory and launched a large counterattack in this campaign. Concurrently, the Chinese managed to repel a Japanese offensive in Henan and Hubei. Afterwards, Chinese forces retook Hunan and Hubei provinces in South China. Chinese launched a counter offensive to retake Guangxi which was the last major Japanese stronghold in South China. In August 1945, Chinese forces successfully retook Guangxi.[citation needed]
In recent years some have argued that state governments should call for such a convention. They include Michael Farris, Lawrence Lessig, Sanford Levinson, Larry Sabato, Jonathan Turley, and Mark Levin. In 2015, Citizens for Self - Governance launched a nationwide effort to call an Article V Convention, through a project called Convention of the States, in a bid to rein in the federal government. As of 2017, CSG's resolution has passed in 12 states. Similarly, the group Wolf PAC chose this method to promote its cause, which is to overturn the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United v. FEC. Their resolution has passed in five states.
In 1943, Karachay Autonomous Oblast was dissolved by Joseph Stalin, when the Karachays were exiled to Central Asia for their alleged collaboration with the Germans and territory was incorporated into the Georgian SSR.
Andrea Kremer (born February 25, 1959 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is a multi-Emmy Award Winning American television sports journalist. She currently calls "Thursday Night Football" games for Amazon Prime Video making sports history, along with Hannah Storm, by becoming the first all-women booth to call any major men's team sport, not just football.. Kremer is also Chief Correspondent for the NFL Network and previously led the network's coverage and in-depth reporting on health and safety. Her other current roles include correspondent for HBO's "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel" as well as co-host of "We Need To Talk", the first ever all-female nationally televised weekly sports show on CBS. Until the 2011 season, she worked as a sideline reporter for NBC on the network's coverage of "Sunday Night Football".
Twenty - eight states have national parks, as do the territories of American Samoa and the United States Virgin Islands. California has the most (nine), followed by Alaska (eight), Utah (five), and Colorado (four). The largest national park is Wrangell -- St. Elias in Alaska: at over 8 million acres (32,375 km), it is larger than each of the nine smallest states. The next three largest parks are also in Alaska. The smallest park is Gateway Arch National Park, Missouri, at approximately 192.83 acres (0.7804 km). The total area protected by national parks is approximately 52.2 million acres (211,000 km), for an average of 870 thousand acres (3,500 km) but a median of only 229 thousand acres (930 km).
Benito Mussolini's rise to power in Italy in 1922 brought profound changes to the colonial government in Eritrea. After "il Duce" declared the birth of Italian Empire in May 1936, Italian Eritrea (enlarged with northern Ethiopia's regions) and Italian Somaliland were merged with the just conquered Ethiopia in the new Italian East Africa ("Africa Orientale Italiana") administrative territory. This Fascist period was characterized by imperial expansion in the name of a "new Roman Empire".
"The Fall of Night" is the final episode of the second season of the science fiction television series "Babylon 5".
Batetsky () is a rural locality (a settlement of rural type) and the administrative center of Batetsky District, Novgorod Oblast, Russia, located in the northwest of the oblast, on the banks of the Udrayka River (a right tributary of the Luga). It also serves as the administrative center of Batetskoye Settlement, one of the three settlements into which the district is administratively divided. Municipally, it is the administrative center of Batetskoye Rural Settlement in Batetsky Municipal District. Population:
Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko, Flash Thompson first appeared in "Amazing Fantasy" #15 (August 1962), the same issue Spider-Man first appeared in. He was a regular character in "The Amazing Spider-Man" series for its first four years, leaving the cast in "The Amazing Spider-Man" #47 (April 1967) to serve in the Vietnam War. Though he reappeared in the comic a few times while on leave, he did not return to the regular cast until issue #105 (February 1972).
The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), an independent agency under the Department of State established in place of the Marshall Plan for the purpose of determining and distributing foreign aid, does not use the term Near East. Its definition of Middle East corresponds to that of the State Department, which officially prefers the term Near East.
A referee may stop the match when they or official ring physician decides that a wrestler cannot safely continue the match. This may be decided if the wrestler cannot continue the match due to an injury. At the Great American Bash in 2008, Chris Jericho was declared the winner of a match against Shawn Michaels when Michaels could not defend himself due to excessive blood loss and impaired vision. At NXT TakeOver: Rival in 2015, the referee stopped the match when Sami Zayn could not defend himself due to an injury sustained against Kevin Owens for the NXT Championship.
The discoverer of genetics is Gregor Mendel, a late 19th - century scientist and Augustinian friar. Mendel studied ``trait inheritance '', patterns in the way traits are handed down from parents to offspring. He observed that organisms (pea plants) inherit traits by way of discrete`` units of inheritance''. This term, still used today, is a somewhat ambiguous definition of what is referred to as a gene.
As of the census of 2000, there were 4,564 people, 1,979 households, and 1,258 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,762.4 people per square mile (680.4/km²). There were 2,191 housing units at an average density of 846.0 per square mile (326.6/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 97.98% White, 0.64% African American, 0.33% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.07% from other races, and 0.79% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.53% of the population.
List of studio albums, with selected chart positions, sales figures and certifications Title Album details Peak chart positions Sales Certifications US US R&B / HH US Rap AUS BEL (FL) CAN FRA UK UK R&B Based on a T.R.U. Story Released: August 14, 2012 (US) Label: Def Jam Formats: CD, LP, digital download -- 132 7 180 -- 31 US: 623,000 RIAA: Platinum B.O.A.T.S. II: Me Time Released: September 10, 2013 (US) Label: Def Jam Formats: CD, LP, digital download -- 153 11 -- 87 10 US: 293,000 ColleGrove Released: March 4, 2016 Label: Def Jam Formats: CD, digital download -- -- 20 -- -- -- Pretty Girls Like Trap Music Released: June 16, 2017 Label: Def Jam Formats: CD, digital download 52 139 7 120 88 19 US: 500,000 RIAA: Gold ``-- ''denotes a recording that did not chart or was not released in that territory.
The most active month is September, with 21 total storms, while no recorded storms have affected Texas during the months of December through May. While the most intense storm in terms of barometric pressure is Hurricane Allen in 1980, Hurricane Harvey in 2017 caused the most fatalities and damages, with $70.0 billion in Texas. The first storm to impact the state during the period is also Hurricane Allen in August 1980, with the most recent being Hurricane Harvey on August 26, 2017. In terms of wind speed, Hurricane Gilbert is the strongest storm to affect the state, producing maximum sustained winds equivalent to Category 4 status on the Saffir -- Simpson Hurricane Scale.
Roth was involved in many organizations and activities demanding sexual freedom and equal rights for lesbians and all members of the LGBT community during most of her adult life. She was particularly active in bringing visibility to related issues in the local and national media when the LGBT movement was still in its infancy in Brazil.
Cold Brook Dam is a dam in Fall River County, South Dakota in the southwestern part of the state, south of the Black Hills.
Afzal Ahmed Khan is a graduate from Aligarh Muslim University who was born and brought up in a literary environment. His major influences came from his grandfather, who he was very close to. Afzal had always dream of making it big in Bollywood since the age of 5 years. Though, no one in his family believed him then. It was only after his graduation that family members took him seriously.
Risdon Park High School was located on Senate Rd, between Hannan St, Creasy St, and Ferme St in the suburb of Risdon Park in Port Pirie. The site is now the Risdon Grove Housing Estate.
Michael A. Barry (born 1948, in New York) is a Princeton University professor and historian of the greater Middle East and Islamic world. Since 2004 he has taught as Lecturer in Islamic Culture in Princeton's Department of Near Eastern Studies, in addition to serving as consultative chairman of the Department of Islamic Art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art (2005-2009) and special consultant to the Aga Khan Trust for Culture since 2009. An established authority on Islamic art and the history and culture of Afghanistan, on which subjects he has written extensively in both French and English, Barry's works include a standard French-language history of Afghanistan ("Le Royaume de l'insolence"), a biography of the late commander of the Afghan Northern Alliance, Ahmad Shah Massoud ("Massoud: de l’islamisme à la liberté"), which won France's Prix Femina in 2002, and an interpretive history of medieval Islamic figurative painting from the 15th to the 16th centuries ("Figurative Art in Medieval Islam and the Riddle of Bihzâd of Herât (1465-1535)").
The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 is a US labor law governing the federal law of occupational health and safety in the private sector and federal government in the United States. It was enacted by Congress in 1970 and was signed by President Richard Nixon on December 29, 1970. Its main goal is to ensure that employers provide employees with an environment free from recognized hazards, such as exposure to toxic chemicals, excessive noise levels, mechanical dangers, heat or cold stress, or unsanitary conditions. The Act created the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH).
Thailand: The April 18 relay through Bangkok was the Olympic flame's first visit to Thailand. The relay covered just over 10 km, and included Bangkok's Chinatown. The torch was carried past Democracy Monument, Chitralada Palace and a number of other city landmarks. M.R. Narisa Chakrabongse, Green World Foundation (GWF) chairwoman, withdrew from the torch-running ceremony, protesting against China's actions in Tibet. Several hundred protesters were present, along with Olympic supporters. Thai authorities threatened to arrest foreign protesters and ban them from future entry into Thailand. A coalition of Thai human rights groups announced that it would organise a "small demonstration" during the relay, and several hundred people did indeed take part in protests, facing Beijing supporters. Intended torchbearer Mom Rajawongse Narissara Chakrabongse boycotted the relay, to protest against China's actions in Tibet. In Bangkok, students told the media that the Chinese Embassy provided them with transportation and gave them shirts to wear.
Burton Constable is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. It is located approximately north-east of Hull city centre and south-east of the village of Skirlaugh.
In 1866, the feud between Austria and Prussia finally came to a head. There were several reasons behind this war. As German nationalism grew strongly inside the German Confederation and neither could decide on how Germany was going to be unified into a nation-state. The Austrians favoured the Greater Germany unification but were not willing to give up any of the non-German-speaking land inside of the Austrian Empire and take second place to Prussia. The Prussians however wanted to unify Germany as Little Germany primarily by the Kingdom of Prussia, whilst excluding Austria. In the final battle of the German war (Battle of Königgrätz) the Prussians successfully defeated the Austrians and succeeded in creating the North German Confederation.
The Monocacy River is a free-flowing left tributary to the Potomac River, which empties into the Atlantic Ocean via the Chesapeake Bay. The river is long, with a drainage area of about . It is the largest Maryland tributary to the Potomac.
The NFL owners meet to make a selection on the site, usually three to five years prior to the event. In 2007, NFL commissioner Roger Goodell suggested that a Super Bowl might be played in London, perhaps at Wembley Stadium. The game has never been played in a region that lacks an NFL franchise; seven Super Bowls have been played in Los Angeles, but none were held there in the 21 - year period when the league had no team in the area. New Orleans, the site of the 2013 Super Bowl, invested more than $1 billion in infrastructure improvements in the years leading up to the game.
Beginning roughly in the 14th century in Florence, and later spreading through Europe with the development of the printing press, a Renaissance of knowledge challenged traditional doctrines in science and theology, with the Arabic texts and thought bringing about rediscovery of classical Greek and Roman knowledge.
The White House of the Confederacy is a historic house located in the Court End neighborhood of Richmond, Virginia. Built in 1818, it was the main executive residence of the sole President of the Confederate States of America, Jefferson Davis, from August 1861 until April 1865. It was viewed as the Confederate States counterpart to the White House in Washington, D.C.
In 1988, unrest over economic mismanagement and political oppression by the government led to widespread pro-democracy demonstrations throughout the country known as the 8888 Uprising. Security forces killed thousands of demonstrators, and General Saw Maung staged a coup d'état and formed the State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC). In 1989, SLORC declared martial law after widespread protests. The military government finalised plans for People's Assembly elections on 31 May 1989. SLORC changed the country's official English name from the "Socialist Republic of the Union of Burma" to the "Union of Myanmar" in 1989.
Iron Maiden were formed on Christmas Day in 1975 by bassist Steve Harris shortly after he left his previous group, Smiler. Harris attributes the band's name to a film adaptation of The Man in the Iron Mask from the novel by Alexandre Dumas, the title of which reminded him of the iron maiden torture device. After months of rehearsal, Iron Maiden made their debut at St. Nicks Hall in Poplar on 1 May 1976, before taking up a semi-residency at the Cart and Horses Pub in Maryland Point, Stratford.
For the second consecutive year, the field of major nominees included at least one blockbuster at the American and Canadian box offices. However, only three of the nominees had grossed over $100 million before the nominations were announced, compared with five from the previous year. The combined gross of the ten Best Picture nominees when the Oscars were announced was $1.2 billion, the second-highest ever behind 2009. The average gross was $119.3 million.Two of the ten Best Picture nominees were among the top ten releases in box office during the nominations. At the time of the announcement of nominations on January 25, Toy Story 3 was the highest-grossing film among the Best Picture nominees with $414.9 million in domestic box office receipts. The only other top ten box office hit to receive a nomination was Inception which earned $292.5 million. Among the remaining eight nominees, True Grit was the next-highest-grossing film with $137.9 million followed by The Social Network ($95.4  million), Black Swan $83.2 million, The Fighter ($72.6 million), The King's Speech ($57.3 million), The Kids Are All Right ($20.8 million), 127 Hours ($11.2 million), and finally Winter's Bone ($6.2 million).Of the top 50 grossing movies of the year, 55 nominations went to 15 films on the list. Only Toy Story 3 (1st), Inception (5th), How to Train Your Dragon (9th), True Grit (17th), The Social Network (29th), The Town (32nd), Black Swan (38th), and The Fighter (45th) were nominated for directing, acting, screenwriting, Best Picture or Animated Feature. The other top-50 box office hits that earned nominations were Alice in Wonderland (2nd), Iron Man 2 (3rd), Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows — Part 1 (6th), Tangled (10th), Tron: Legacy (12th), Salt (21st), and Unstoppable (39th).
Pamela Joan "Pam" Boyd-Petroski (born September 27, 1955 in Atlantic City, New Jersey) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
In March 2013, after a year in the role, Hood was let go and announced to be replaced by Hartley Sawyer. The soap opera had initially issued a casting call for a character named Connor Boyd, and due to his characteristics resembling that of Kyle, his casting was kept quiet. Hood stated that his ouster came as a shock to him. Sawyer made his debut on April 24, 2013. The character's six - year absence was criticized, and his age upon his 2010 return received unfavorable reviews. Hood was positively received in the role, and the decision to release him and replace him with Sawyer has also been criticized. Australian actor Lachlan Buchanan took claim of the role in 2015, making his first appearance on February 25 and departing on April 26, 2016. The role is presently portrayed by Michael Mealor, who made his first appearance as Kyle on March 29, 2018.
The Antebellum Age was a period of increasing division in the country based on the growth of slavery in the American South and in the western territories of Kansas and Nebraska that eventually lead to the Civil War in 1861. The Antebellum Period is often considered to have begun with the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854,[citation needed] although it may have begun as early as 1812. This period is also significant because it marked the transition of American manufacturing to the industrial revolution.[citation needed]
Real Madrid hold the record for the most overall titles, with 22 followed by Milan's 17 titles. Spanish teams hold the record for the most wins in each of the three main UEFA club competitions: Real Madrid, with thirteen European Cup / UEFA Champions League titles; Sevilla, with five UEFA Cup / UEFA Europa League titles; and Barcelona, with four Cup Winners' Cup titles. Milan share the most Super Cup wins (five) with Barcelona, and the most Intercontinental Cup wins (three) with Real Madrid. German clubs Hamburg, Schalke 04 and Stuttgart, and Spanish club Villarreal are the record holders by titles won in the UEFA Intertoto Cup (twice each).
ACM Computing Surveys is a quarterly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Association for Computing Machinery. It publishes survey articles and tutorials related to computer science and computing. The journal was established in 1969 with William S. Dorn as founding editor-in-chief.
In March's Super Tuesday, Kerry won decisive victories in the California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island primaries and the Minnesota caucuses. Dean, despite having withdrawn from the race two weeks earlier, won his home state of Vermont. Edwards finished only slightly behind Kerry in Georgia, but, failing to win a single state other than South Carolina, chose to withdraw from the presidential race. Sharpton followed suit a couple weeks later. Kuninch did not leave the race officially until July.
Iran received access to the Internet in 1993. According to 2014 census, around 40% of the population of Iran are Internet users. Iran ranks 24th among countries by number of Internet users. According to the statistics provided by the web information company of Alexa, Google Search and Yahoo! are the most used search engines in Iran. Over 80% of the users of Telegram, a cloud-based instant messaging service, are from Iran. Instagram is the most popular online social networking service in Iran. Direct access to Facebook has been blocked in Iran since the 2009 Iranian presidential election protests, due to organization of the opposition movements on the website; but however, Facebook has around 12 to 17 million users in Iran who are using virtual private networks and proxy servers to access the website. Around 90% of Iran's e-commerce takes place on the Iranian online store of Digikala, which has around 750,000 visitors per day and more than 2.3 million subscribers. Digikala is the most visited online store in the Middle East, and ranks 4th among the most visited websites in Iran.
In theoretical physics, particularly in discussions of , Mach's principle (or Mach's conjecture) is the name given by Einstein to an imprecise hypothesis often credited to the physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach. The idea is that the existence of absolute rotation (the distinction of local inertial frames vs. rotating reference frames) is determined by the large-scale distribution of matter, as exemplified by this anecdote:
Sandasar is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan. It is located in the south of the district and lies to the west of the district capital Mansehra.
The character has been portrayed by Bryce Dallas Howard in the 2007 film Spider - Man 3 and by Emma Stone in the 2012 reboot film The Amazing Spider - Man and its sequel The Amazing Spider - Man 2. In the upcoming 2018 film Spider - Man: Into the Spider - Verse, the character will be voiced by Hailee Steinfeld.
New Coke was the unofficial name for the reformulation of Coca - Cola introduced in April 1985 by the Coca - Cola Company to replace the original formula of its flagship soft drink Coca - Cola (also called Coke). In 1992, it was named Coke II.
Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side: 3rd Story is the 2010 sequel to "" and the seventh main game in Konami's "Tokimeki Memorial" dating sim series. An enhanced port to the PlayStation Portable featuring additional content and titled Tokimeki Memorial Girl's Side Premium ~3rd Story~ was released in 2012. This game was the first game in the Tokimeki Memorial series to be released on PSP.
Andreas Zülow (born 23 October 1965 in Ludwigslust) is a retired amateur boxer from East Germany who won a Lightweight gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games. He also won the Silver medal at the 1989 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Moscow, and the Bronze medal at the 1986 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Reno.
Loew's Grand Theater, originally DeGive's Grand Opera House, was a movie theater at the corner of Peachtree and Forsyth Streets in downtown Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States. It was most famous as the site of the 1939 premiere of "Gone with the Wind", which was attended by the stars of the film, except for the African Americans who appeared in it, who were also excluded from the souvenir program. (They were to be segregated and be in the "colored-only" regions if they were to be present in the theaters at all.)
Nebraska Highway 65 is a highway in southeastern Nebraska. It is a north–south highway with a length of . The southern terminus of Nebraska Highway 65 is at the Kansas border south of Pawnee City. The northern terminus is in Table Rock at an intersection with Nebraska Highway 4.
Ashkenazi Jews represent the bulk of modern Jewry, with at least 70% of Jews worldwide (and up to 90% prior to World War II and the Holocaust). As a result of their emigration from Europe, Ashkenazim also represent the overwhelming majority of Jews in the New World continents, in countries such as the United States, Canada, Argentina, Australia, and Brazil. In France, the immigration of Jews from Algeria (Sephardim) has led them to outnumber the Ashkenazim. Only in Israel is the Jewish population representative of all groups, a melting pot independent of each group's proportion within the overall world Jewish population.
Tatís had the best season of his career in 1999 with the St. Louis Cardinals. He hit 34 home runs with 107 RBIs and 21 stolen bases, with a. 298 batting average. On April 23, 1999, Tatís made baseball history when he hit two grand slams in one inning. As of 2017, he is still the only batter in MLB history to accomplish this. Tatís hit both of his grand slams against the pitcher Chan Ho Park of the Los Angeles Dodgers. With his home run feat, Tatís also set a Major League record with eight runs batted in during a single inning.
The Xbox 360's advantage over its competitors was due to the release of high profile titles from both first party and third party developers. The 2007 Game Critics Awards honored the platform with 38 nominations and 12 wins – more than any other platform. By March 2008, the Xbox 360 had reached a software attach rate of 7.5 games per console in the US; the rate was 7.0 in Europe, while its competitors were 3.8 (PS3) and 3.5 (Wii), according to Microsoft. At the 2008 Game Developers Conference, Microsoft announced that it expected over 1,000 games available for Xbox 360 by the end of the year. As well as enjoying exclusives such as additions to the Halo franchise and Gears of War, the Xbox 360 has managed to gain a simultaneous release of titles that were initially planned to be PS3 exclusives, including Devil May Cry, Ace Combat, Virtua Fighter, Grand Theft Auto IV, Final Fantasy XIII, Tekken 6, Metal Gear Solid : Rising, and L.A. Noire. In addition, Xbox 360 versions of cross-platform games were generally considered superior to their PS3 counterparts in 2006 and 2007, due in part to the difficulties of programming for the PS3.
WXBX is an Oldies formatted broadcast radio station (95.3 FM) licensed to Rural Retreat, Virginia, serving the Wytheville and Wythe County, Virginia area. WXBX is owned and operated by Three Rivers Media Corporation.
Carmen Smith (born 1984) is an Australian singer/songwriter who rose to prominence after appearing in the first season of "The Voice Australia".
The Franklin Mountains of the Northwest Territories are a range of low peaks that stretch along the east bank of the Mackenzie River from 64 to 66 degrees of latitude.
Serena Williams won her sixth Wimbledon and 21st major title, defeating first - time finalist Garbiñe Muguruza in the final, 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4. She also achieved her second non-calendar year Grand Slam after winning the 2014 US Open, 2015 Australian Open and 2015 French Open. With this win, Williams also became the oldest woman to win a Grand Slam singles title in the Open Era at 33 years and 289 days old by 26 days, beating Martina Navratilova, who won the 1990 Wimbledon Championships at 33 years and 263 days old.
The Cleveland Bulldogs were a team that played in Cleveland, Ohio in the National Football League. They were originally called the Indians in 1923, not to be confused with the Cleveland Indians NFL franchise in 1922. However, after team owner Samuel Deutsch purchased the Canton Bulldogs in 1924, he merged the Canton team with his Indians and renamed his franchise the Cleveland Bulldogs. The Canton Bulldogs remained a part of the team until 1925, when they were sold back to Canton. The Cleveland Bulldogs played in the NFL until 1928 when they were relocated to Detroit and became the Detroit Wolverines. The team was later incorporated into the New York Giants in 1929. The Cleveland Bulldogs won the 1924 NFL championship.
After the Singapore Cup and League Cup, the Singapore FA Cup is the next major cup competition in Singapore. For a number of years, the FA Cup was solely restricted to NFL Clubs. In 2006, S.League clubs were once again allowed in the competition, but were only permitted to field their developmental Prime League teams. The team matchups were drawn out of a hat against one another for the initial 2006 and 2007 seasons before being seeded into two groups after 2008.
The company was founded by the De' Longhi family in 1902 as a small industrial parts manufacturing workshop. The company incorporated in 1950. Historically a major producer of portable heaters and air conditioners, the company has expanded to include nearly every category of small domestic appliances in the food preparation and cooking, as well as household cleaning and ironing, segments. De'Longhi is especially well known for the Artista Series espresso machines, the De'Longhi gelato maker and the Pinguino portable air conditioner.
Kumble, Anil Anil Kumble India 132! 132 236! 236 40850! 40,850 18355! 18,355 619! 619 2965! 29.65 0269! 2.69 0659! 65.9 10126! 10 / 74 14151! 14 / 149 035! 35 008! 8 1990 -- 2008
Central Bus Station (CBS), also called Thampanoor Bus Station, is a bus station in Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India. It is located opposite the Trivandrum Central Railway station at Thampanoor.It has an area of 7.41 acres serving the buses traveling on all routes in Kerala and other inter-state destinations such as Nagercoil, Kanyakumari, Chennai, Bangalore etc.It is also the headquarters of the Kerala State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC).
Shiraz is the economic center of southern Iran. The second half of the 19th century witnessed certain economic developments that greatly changed the economy of Shiraz. The opening of the Suez Canal in 1869 allowed the extensive import into southern Iran of inexpensive European factory-made goods, either directly from Europe or via India. Farmers in unprecedented numbers began planting cash crops such as opium poppy, tobacco, and cotton. Many of these export crops passed through Shiraz on their way to the Persian Gulf. Iranian long-distance merchants from Fars developed marketing networks for these commodities, establishing trading houses in Bombay, Calcutta, Port Said, Istanbul and even Hong Kong.Shiraz's economic base is in its provincial products, which include grapes, citrus fruits, cotton and rice. Industries such as cement production, sugar, fertilizers, textile products, wood products, metalwork and rugs dominate. Shirāz also has a major oil refinery and is also a major center for Iran's electronic industries. 53% of Iran's electronic investment has been centered in Shiraz.
That Dam (Lao ທາດດຳ, meaning Black Stupa) is a large stupa located in Vientiane, Laos. Many Laotians believe it is inhabited by a seven-headed nāga who tried to protect them from an invasion by the Siamese army in 1827.
In 1984, he was appointed as a member of the Order of the Companions of Honour (CH) by Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom on the advice of the British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher for his "services to the study of economics". Hayek had hoped to receive a baronetcy, and after he was awarded the CH he sent a letter to his friends requesting that he be called the English version of Friedrich (Frederick) from now on. After his 20 min audience with the Queen, he was "absolutely besotted" with her according to his daughter-in-law, Esca Hayek. Hayek said a year later that he was "amazed by her. That ease and skill, as if she'd known me all my life." The audience with the Queen was followed by a dinner with family and friends at the Institute of Economic Affairs. When, later that evening, Hayek was dropped off at the Reform Club, he commented: "I've just had the happiest day of my life."
A Portuguese international, Ronaldo was named the best Portuguese player of all time by the Portuguese Football Federation in 2015. He made his senior debut for Portugal in 2003 at age 18, and has since had over 150 caps, including appearing and scoring in eight major tournaments, becoming Portugal's most capped player and his country's all - time top goalscorer. He scored his first international goal at Euro 2004 and helped Portugal reach the final. He took over full captaincy in July 2008, leading Portugal to their first - ever triumph in a major tournament by winning Euro 2016, and received the Silver Boot as the second - highest goalscorer of the tournament, before becoming the highest European international goalscorer of all - time. One of the most marketable athletes in the world, he was ranked the world's highest - paid athlete by Forbes in 2016 and 2017, as well as the world's most famous athlete by ESPN in 2016, 2017 and 2018.
Encore Las Vegas (also called Encore at Wynn Las Vegas; often just called Encore) is a luxury resort, casino and hotel located on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada. The resort is connected to its sister resort, Wynn Las Vegas; both are owned by Wynn Resorts, headed by casino developer Steve Wynn.
Frank Carl Kudelka (June 25, 1925 - May 4, 1993), nicknamed Apples, was an American National Basketball Association (NBA) player. In his first two years at Saint Mary's College of California, Kudelka averaged 18.1 points per game. Once the shotclock was introduced to college basketball in his junior season, Frank averaged 20.4 points per game. He was the nation's fourth leading scorer. As a senior at Saint Mary's, Frank averaged 16.2 points per game. He was also named an All-American basketball player by the Helms Foundation after his senior season. Frank made his NBA debut in the 1949-50 NBA season for the Chicago Stags. In his first NBA season, Frank averaged 6.7 points and 2.0 assists per game. Frank played four seasons in the NBA with the Stags, Washington Capitols, Boston Celtics, Baltimore Bullets and Philadelphia Warriors. In his NBA career, Frank averaged 7.2 points, 3.2 rebounds, and 2.1 assists per game.
On release, the album received a lukewarm reception from fans and critics alike, and was Morrissey's last studio album for seven years, until 2004's "You Are the Quarry".
As a major Chinese city, Nanjing is home to many professional sports teams. Jiangsu Sainty, the football club currently staying in Chinese Super League, is a long-term tenant of Nanjing Olympic Sports Center. Jiangsu Nangang Basketball Club is a competitive team which has long been one of the major clubs fighting for the title in China top level league, CBA. Jiangsu Volleyball men and women teams are also traditionally considered as at top level in China volleyball league.
The Emerson Review, founded in 1953 as "The Scribe", is Emerson College's award-winning and oldest student-run literary magazine. The book is published annually and is released each spring during a Release Event, which is open to the entire literary community of Boston.
Eric Forrester is a fictional character from the American CBS Daytime soap opera "The Bold and the Beautiful", played by John McCook. He made his debut screen appearance on March 23, 1987, the show's first episode. The character appeared briefly on "The Young and the Restless" in 1993, 1995, 1996, 2005, 2008, 2013, and 2017. McCook had also played Lance Prentiss from 1976 to 1980.
After 1960 Neutsch worked both as a journalist and as a writer of books.   In 1963 he became a member of the SED regional leadership team and in 1970/71 he spent a year as a volunteer Political commissar with the National People's Army.
Fire Over England (aka Gloriana) is a 1937 London Film Productions film drama, notable for providing the first pairing of Laurence Olivier and Vivien Leigh. It was directed by William K. Howard and written by Clemence Dane from the novel "Fire Over England" by AEW Mason. Leigh's performance in the film helped to convince David O. Selznick to cast her as Scarlett O'Hara in his production of "Gone with the Wind". The film is an historical drama set during the reign of Elizabeth I focusing on England's victory over the Spanish Armada.
Rösler joined the FDP and its political youth organization, the Young Liberals, in 1992. He was secretary of the FDP in the state of Lower Saxony from 2000 to 2004 and served as chairman of the FDP parliamentary group in the Lower Saxon state assembly from 2003. From 2001 to 2006, Rösler was a member in the regional assembly of Hanover (district), where he was also deputy chairman of the parliamentary group. In May 2005, he was elected an observer of the federal FDP executive committee. He received 95% of the votes, the best result of that party conference. At the state party conference in March 2006, Rösler was elected as chairman of the Lower Saxon FDP with 96.4% of the votes; he succeeded Walter Hirche, who had decided to step down after twelve years at the helm. In April, 2008, Rösler was confirmed as the Lower Saxon FDP party chairman, receiving 95% of the votes.
A 2010 study by Bray et al., using SNP microarray techniques and linkage analysis found that when assuming Druze and Palestinian Arab populations to represent the reference to world Jewry ancestor genome, between 35 to 55 percent of the modern Ashkenazi genome can possibly be of European origin, and that European "admixture is considerably higher than previous estimates by studies that used the Y chromosome" with this reference point. Assuming this reference point the linkage disequilibrium in the Ashkenazi Jewish population was interpreted as "matches signs of interbreeding or 'admixture' between Middle Eastern and European populations". On the Bray et al. tree, Ashkenazi Jews were found to be a genetically more divergent population than Russians, Orcadians, French, Basques, Italians, Sardinians and Tuscans. The study also observed that Ashkenazim are more diverse than their Middle Eastern relatives, which was counterintuitive because Ashkenazim are supposed to be a subset, not a superset, of their assumed geographical source population. Bray et al. therefore postulate that these results reflect not the population antiquity but a history of mixing between genetically distinct populations in Europe. However, it's possible that the relaxation of marriage prescription in the ancestors of Ashkenazim that drove their heterozygosity up, while the maintenance of the FBD rule in native Middle Easterners have been keeping their heterozygosity values in check. Ashkenazim distinctiveness as found in the Bray et al. study, therefore, may come from their ethnic endogamy (ethnic inbreeding), which allowed them to "mine" their ancestral gene pool in the context of relative reproductive isolation from European neighbors, and not from clan endogamy (clan inbreeding). Consequently, their higher diversity compared to Middle Easterners stems from the latter's marriage practices, not necessarily from the former's admixture with Europeans.
The 2005 FA Cup Final was a football match played between Arsenal and Manchester United on 21 May 2005 at the Millennium Stadium, Cardiff. It was the final match of the 2004 -- 05 FA Cup, the 124th season of English football's primary cup competition, the FA Cup. Arsenal became the first team to win the FA Cup via a penalty shoot - out, despite being outplayed throughout the game, after neither side managed to score in the initial 90 minutes or in 30 minutes of extra time. The shoot - out finished 5 -- 4 to Arsenal, with Patrick Vieira scoring the winning penalty after Paul Scholes' shot was saved by Arsenal goalkeeper Jens Lehmann.
The Partition of India was the division of British India in 1947 which accompanied the creation of two independent dominions, India and Pakistan. The Dominion of India is today the Republic of India, and the Dominion of Pakistan is today the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and the People's Republic of Bangladesh. The partition involved the division of three provinces, Assam, Bengal and the Punjab, based on district - wide Hindu or Muslim majorities. The boundary demarcating India and Pakistan became known as the Radcliffe Line. It also involved the division of the British Indian Army, the Royal Indian Navy, the Indian Civil Service, the railways, and the central treasury, between the two new dominions. The partition was set forth in the Indian Independence Act 1947 and resulted in the dissolution of the British Raj, as the British government there was called. The two self - governing countries of Pakistan and India legally came into existence at midnight on 14 -- 15 August 1947.
Madame Spy is a 1942 American spy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Constance Bennett, Don Porter and John Litel. The screenplay concerns an American intelligence officer who goes undercover and infiltrates a ring of Nazi spies.
Howard the Duck is a 1986 American comic science fiction film directed by Willard Huyck and starring Lea Thompson, Jeffrey Jones, and Tim Robbins. Based on the Marvel comic book of the same title, the film was produced by Gloria Katz and written by Huyck and Katz, with George Lucas as executive producer. The screenplay was originally intended to be an animated film, but the film adaptation became live-action because of a contractual obligation. Although several TV adaptations of Marvel characters had aired during the preceding 21 years, this was the first theatrically released feature film, coming after the serial Captain America.
The Goblin Emperor is a 2014 fantasy novel written by the American author Sarah Monette under the pseudonym Katherine Addison. The novel received the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel and was nominated for the Nebula, Hugo and World Fantasy Awards. It was well received by critics, who noted the strength of the protagonist's characterization and, unusual for fantasy, the work's warm and understated tone.
The Mount Meigs Campus is a juvenile corrections facility of the Alabama Department of Youth Services located in Mount Meigs, unincorporated Montgomery County; the campus serves as the agency's administrative headquarters. The campus, which can house 264 boys, is next to Interstate 85 North and about east of Downtown Montgomery. Since 2015, the separate J. Walter Wood Treatment facility for 24 girls is also located in the Mount Meigs Campus.
Eddie Lane lives in Upstate New York with his wife Sarah and their two children, Hawk and Summer. They are all members of the Meyerist Movement, which combines aspects of New Age philosophy, shamanism, Scientology, Christian mysticism and Utopianism with a few elements from the Shakers, Sufism, Tibetan Buddhism and Freemasonry ritual. Eddie returns from Peru, where he had undergone a spiritual retreat designed to advance him further up Meyerism's spiritual ladder. Unbeknownst to his family, while in Peru, Eddie experienced a revelation which causes him to question his faith in Meyerism. Meanwhile, Cal Roberts, a friend of Sarah's and one of Meyerism's top leaders, is looking to expand their influence and deal with the imminent death of their founder, Doctor Stephen Meyer.
Horst Teltschik, Kohl's foreign policy advisor, later recalled that Germany would have paid ``100 billion deutschmarks ''if the Soviets demanded it. The USSR did not make such great demands, however, with Gorbachev stating in February 1990 that`` The Germans must decide for themselves what path they choose to follow''. In May 1990 he repeated his remark in the context of NATO membership while meeting Bush, amazing both the Americans and Germans. This removed the last significant roadblock to Germany being free to choose its international alignments, though Kohl made no secret that he intended for the reunified Germany to inherit West Germany's seats in NATO and the EC.
Pangi Territory is an administrative area in Maniema Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The headquarters is the town of Pangi.
Zulfadhli Bin Mohamed (born 12 April 1992) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Malaysian club MISC-MIFA.
Arizona ( (listen); Navajo: Hoozdo Hahoodzo Navajo pronunciation: [xòːztò xɑ̀xòːtsò]; O'odham: Alĭ ṣonak Uto-Aztecan pronunciation: [ˡaɺi ˡʂonak]) is a state in the southwestern region of the United States. It is also part of the Western and the Mountain states. It is the sixth largest and the 14th most populous of the 50 states. Its capital and largest city is Phoenix. Arizona shares the Four Corners region with Utah, Colorado, and New Mexico; its other neighboring states are Nevada and California to the west and the Mexican states of Sonora and Baja California to the south and southwest.
For many years it was customary for fielders to leave their gloves on the field when their team went in to bat. This practice was prohibited by the major leagues in 1954.
Industrial and Labor Relations Review (ILR Review) is a publication of the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations. It is an interdisciplinary journal publishing original research on all aspects of industrial relations. The editors are Rosemary Batt and Lawrence M. Kahn (Cornell University). The target audience is composed of academics and practitioners in labor and employment relations.
The New Testament is a collection of Christian works written in the common (Koine) Greek language of the first century, at different times by various writers, and the modern consensus is that it also provides important evidence regarding Judaism in the first century AD. In almost all Christian traditions today, the New Testament consists of 27 books. The original texts were written in the first and perhaps the second centuries of the Christian Era, in Greek, which was the common language of the Eastern Mediterranean from the Conquests of Alexander the Great (335 -- 323 BC) until the Muslim conquests in the 7th century AD. All the works that eventually became incorporated into the New Testament are believed to have been written no later than around 120 AD,. John A.T. Robinson, Dan Wallace, and William F. Albright dated all the books of the New Testament before 70 AD. Others give a final date of 80 AD, or at 96 AD.
In the 19th century, a house near Ephesus in Turkey was found, based on the visions of Anne Catherine Emmerich, an Augustinian nun in Germany. It has since been visited as the House of the Virgin Mary by Roman Catholic pilgrims who consider it the place where Mary lived until her assumption. The Gospel of John states that Mary went to live with the Disciple whom Jesus loved,[Jn 19:27] identified as John the Evangelist.[citation needed] Irenaeus and Eusebius of Caesarea wrote in their histories that John later went to Ephesus, which may provide the basis for the early belief that Mary also lived in Ephesus with John.
Maria Goranova (Bulgarian: Мария Горанова) is an associate professor of management at the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee. She conducts research on shareholder empowerment and activism, corporate governance, and corporate strategy. She serves on the editorial board of Journal of Management, and is a member of the Academy of Management, International Association for Business and Society, and Strategic Management Society. Her research has been published in a number of leading journals including Strategic Management Journal, Organization Science, Academy of Management Perspectives, Journal of Business Research, and Academy of Management Proceedings. She is also recipient of Distinguished Paper and Best Reviewer Awards from the Academy of Management.
The "Intrépida" class is a class of fast attack craft that was built by Lürssen for the Argentine Navy in the early 1970s. The ships are based on Lürssen's TNC 45 design.
The Heian period was preceded by the Nara period and began in 794 A.D after the movement of the capital of Japan to Heian-kyō (present day Kyōto京都), by the 50th emperor, Emperor Kanmu. Kanmu first tried to move the capital to Nagaoka-kyō, but a series of disasters befell the city, prompting the emperor to relocate the capital a second time, to Heian. The Heian Period is considered a high point in Japanese culture that later generations have always admired. The period is also noted for the rise of the samurai class, which would eventually take power and start the feudal period of Japan.
Archdiocese of Brisbane Archidioecesis Brisbanensis Coat of Arms of the Archdiocese of Brisbane Location Country Australia Territory South East region of Queensland, including Greater Brisbane Ecclesiastical province Brisbane 27 ° 27 ′ 56 ''S 153 ° 02 ′ 41'' E ﻿ / ﻿ 27.46556 ° S 153.04472 ° E ﻿ / - 27.46556; 153.04472 Statistics Area 65,000 km (25,000 sq mi) Population - Total - Catholics (as of 2012) 2,849,000 663,000 (23.3%) Parishes 103 Information Denomination Catholic Church Sui iuris church Latin Church Rite Roman Rite Established 12 April 1859 as the Diocese of Brisbane; 10 May 1887 as the Archdiocese of Brisbane Cathedral Cathedral of St Stephen Patron saint Saint Mary of the Cross Secular priests 245 Current leadership Pope Francis Archbishop of Brisbane Mark Coleridge Auxiliary Bishops Joseph John Oudeman, O.F.M. Cap. Emeritus Bishops John Bathersby Website www.bne.catholic.net.au
The historical basis for the King Arthur legend has long been debated by scholars. One school of thought, citing entries in the Historia Brittonum (History of the Britons) and Annales Cambriae (Welsh Annals), sees Arthur as a genuine historical figure, a Romano - British leader who fought against the invading Anglo - Saxons some time in the late 5th to early 6th century. The Historia Brittonum, a 9th - century Latin historical compilation attributed in some late manuscripts to a Welsh cleric called Nennius, contains the first datable mention of King Arthur, listing twelve battles that Arthur fought. These culminate in the Battle of Badon, where he is said to have single - handedly killed 960 men. Recent studies, however, question the reliability of the Historia Brittonum.
The current House of Representatives, formed following elections held in April 2015, has a total of 360 members who are elected in single - member constituencies using the simple majority (or first - past - the - post) system. Members serve four - year terms. The Speaker of the Nigerian House of Representatives is the presiding officer of the house.
The Mozilla Corporation (stylized as moz://a) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Mozilla Foundation that coordinates and integrates the development of Internet-related applications such as the Firefox web browser, SeaMonkey Internet suite, and the Mozilla Thunderbird email client by a global community of open-source developers, some of whom are employed by the corporation itself. The corporation also distributes and promotes these products. Unlike the non-profit Mozilla Foundation, and the Mozilla open source project, founded by the now defunct Netscape Communications Corporation, the Mozilla Corporation is a taxable entity. The Mozilla Corporation reinvests all of its profits back into the Mozilla projects. The Mozilla Corporation's stated aim is to work towards the Mozilla Foundation's public benefit to "promote choice and innovation on the Internet."
Selenium WebDriver is the successor to Selenium RC. Selenium WebDriver accepts commands (sent in Selenese, or via a Client API) and sends them to a browser. This is implemented through a browser-specific browser driver, which sends commands to a browser and retrieves results. Most browser drivers actually launch and access a browser application (such as Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer, Safari, or Microsoft Edge); there is also an HtmlUnit browser driver, which simulates a browser using the headless browser HtmlUnit.
Philip III Portrait by Andrés López Polanco King of Spain, Portugal, Naples, Sicily, and Sardinia; Duke of Milan (more...) Reign 13 September 1598 -- 31 March 1621 Predecessor Philip II and I Successor Philip IV and III 14 April 1578 Madrid, Spain 31 March 1621 (1621 - 03 - 31) (aged 42) Madrid, Spain Burial El Escorial Spouse Margaret of Austria (m. 1599; d. 1611) Issue Anne, Queen of France Philip IV of Spain Maria Anna, Holy Roman Empress Infante Charles of Spain Cardinal - Infante Ferdinand House Habsburg Father Philip II of Spain Mother Anna of Austria Religion Roman Catholicism Signature
Kremlin is an unincorporated community located in the town of Pembine, Marinette County, Wisconsin, United States. Kremlin is located on the Canadian National Railway southeast of Niagara.
Proctor Wildlife Sanctuary is a protected area maintained by the New Hampshire Audubon Society. It is located in Center Harbor, New Hampshire. The sanctuary is of second generation woodlands that has about two miles (3 km) of hiking trails.
Avera Health is a regional health system based in Sioux Falls, S.D., comprising more than 300 locations in 100 communities throughout South Dakota, Minnesota, Iowa, Nebraska and North Dakota. Avera serves a geographical footprint of more than 72,000 square miles and 86 counties, and a population of nearly 1 million.
The Sloane House YMCA, also known as William Sloane House YMCA, at 356 West 34th Street in Manhattan was the largest residential YMCA building in the nation.
Johan Kling (born Carl-David Johan Natt och Dag, 7 August 1962, in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish film director, screenwriter, and novelist. His debut movie, "Darling" (2007), won the award for best Swedish film.
Richard Harding "Dick" Poff (October 19, 1923 – June 27, 2011) was an American politician and judge. He was first elected to the United States House of Representatives in 1952 from Virginia's 6th congressional district. An attorney and a Republican, he was given strong consideration for the United States Supreme Court by President Richard M. Nixon and was later appointed as a Justice (later Senior Justice) of the Virginia Supreme Court.
Barry Jarvis Wesson (born April 6, 1977 in Tupelo, Mississippi) is an American former right-handed outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Houston Astros and Anaheim Angels.
The A2100 is a communications satellite spacecraft model made by Lockheed Martin Space Systems in the 1990s-2010s for telecommunications in geosynchronous orbit, as well as GOES-R weather satellites and GPS Block IIIA satellites.
USS "Catbird" (AM-68) was the lead ship of her class of two naval trawlers, which were operated as minesweepers by the United States Navy during World War II.
The National Assembly of Pakistan (Urdu: قومی اسمبلئ پاکستان ‬ ‎) is the lower house of the bicameral Majlis - e-Shura, which also comprises the President of Pakistan and Senate of Pakistan (upper house). The National Assembly and the Senate both convene at Parliament House in Islamabad. The National Assembly is a democratically elected body consisting of a total of 342 members who are referred to as Members of the National Assembly (MNAs), of which 272 are directly elected members and 70 reserved seats for women and religious minorities. A political party must secure 137 seats to obtain and preserve a majority.
Sunni Islam is the dominant religion, representing as much as 99% of the population. A minority of the population of the Comoros, mostly immigrants from metropolitan France, are Roman Catholic. Comoros is the only Muslim-majority country in Southern Africa and the second southernmost Muslim-majority territory after the French territory of Mayotte.
Almost all inhabited French administrative divisions outside Europe are classified as either overseas regions or overseas collectivites; these statuses are very different from one another from a legal and administrative standpoint. Overseas regions have exactly the same status as mainland France's regions. The French constitution provides that, in general, French laws and regulations (France's civil code, penal code, administrative law, social laws, tax laws, etc.) apply to French overseas regions the same as in mainland France, but can be adapted as needed to suit the region's particular needs. In the French overseas regions, laws can not be adapted whereas the overseas collectivities are empowered to make their own laws, except in certain areas (such as defense, international relations, trade and currency, and judicial and administrative law). The overseas collectivities are governed by local elected assemblies and by the French Parliament and French government, with a cabinet member, the Minister of Overseas France, in charge of issues related to the overseas territories. (New Caledonia is neither an overseas region nor an overseas collectivity; it has a sui generis status, in keeping with the Nouméa Accord.)
Okpo Land was an amusement park based in the outskirts of Okpo-dong, South Korea. It was shut down in May 1999 after a series of fatal accidents, in particular the death of a child who fell from the duck rollercoaster ride.
The Port of Rizhao is a natural deep-water seaport on the coast of the city of Rizhao, Shandong Province, People's Republic of China, located on the southern shore of Shandong Peninsula, opening to the Yellow Sea. It has 46 deep-water berths in two main port areas (Lanzhao Port Area and Shijiu Port Area). In 2012 it reached a throughput of 284 million metric tons, making it the tenth-busiest port in China.
The first substantial cultivation of lemons in Europe began in Genoa in the middle of the 15th century. The lemon was later introduced to the Americas in 1493 when Christopher Columbus brought lemon seeds to Hispaniola on his voyages. Spanish conquest throughout the New World helped spread lemon seeds. It was mainly used as an ornamental plant and for medicine. In the 19th century, lemons were increasingly planted in Florida and California.
In June 2016, New Zealand has an estimated population of 4,693,000, up from the 4,027,947 recorded in the 2006 census. The median child birthing age was 30 and the total fertility rate is 2.1 births per woman in 2010. In Māori populations the median age is 26 and fertility rate 2.8. In 2010 the age - standardised mortality rate was 3.8 deaths per 1000 (down from 4.8 in 2000) and the infant mortality rate for the total population was 5.1 deaths per 1000 live births. The life expectancy of a New Zealand child born in 2014 - 16 was 83.4 years for females, and 79.9 years for males. Life expectancy at birth is forecast to increase from 80 years to 85 years in 2050 and infant mortality is expected to decline. In 2050 the population is forecast to reach 5.3 million, the median age to rise from 36 years to 43 years and the percentage of people 60 years of age and older rising from 18 percent to 29 percent. (The number of people aged 65 and over increased by 22 percent between the 2006 and 2013 censuses.) During early migration in 1858, New Zealand had 131 males for every 100 females, but following changes in migration patterns and the modern longevity advantage of women, females came to outnumber males in 1971. As of 2012 there are 0.99 males per female, with males dominating under 15 years and females dominating in the 65 years and older range.
Rabbi Yehuda Leib Schneersohn (1811 - 1866) was a Ukrainian Habad Hasidic rabbi, the second son of Menachem Mendel Schneersohn, and founder and first leader of Kopust Hasidism.
The Miller Brewing Company is an American beer brewing company headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The company has brewing facilities in Albany, Georgia; Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin; Fort Worth, Texas; Irwindale, California; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and Trenton, Ohio. On July 1, 2008, SABMiller formed MillerCoors, a joint venture with rival Molson Coors to consolidate the production and distribution of its products in the United States, with each parent company's corporate operations and international operations to remain separate and independent of the joint venture.
The Lisitsa River, also known as Bolshaya Lisitsa River (), is a river in Tomsk Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Ket River (Ob basin). The river is long, and its basin covers . The Lisitsa River flows over the West Siberian Plain. Its biggest tributary is the Raiga River.
The mayor "(ordførar)" of a municipality in Norway is a representative of the majority party of the municipal council who is elected to lead the council. Harald Offerdal of the Labour Party was elected mayor of Balestrand for the 2011–2015 term and re-elected to the 2015-2019 term.
The RG-33 is a mine-resistant light armored vehicle initially designed by BAE Systems Land Systems South Africa (formerly Land Systems OMC) a South African subsidiary of BAE Systems. BAE Systems in the US extensively modified it with additional protection, new power train and suspension systems. It was built in a number of locations including York, Pennsylvania. It was one of several vehicles being fielded by the US Armed Forces in Iraq under the MRAP program.
As of 2016, Adama Lamikanra is currently the acting Chief Judge of Rivers State. She is preceded by Daisy W. Okocha, the first woman to ever serve in that office.
The John Deere World Headquarters is a complex of four buildings located on 1,400 acres (5.7 km²) of land at One John Deere Place, Moline, Illinois, United States. The complex serves as corporate headquarters for John Deere.
At 21 years and 197 days, Durant is the youngest scoring leader in NBA history, averaging 30.1 points in the 2009 -- 10 season. Russell Westbrook led the league with an average of 31.6 points in the 2016 -- 17 season, when he also became the second NBA player to average a triple - double in a season. The most recent champion is James Harden.
Islam (Arabic: الإسلام) is the second-largest religion in India, with 14.2% of the country's population or approx. 200 million people identifying as adherents of Islam (2018 estimate). It makes India the country with the largest Muslim population outside Muslim-majority countries. The majority of Indian Muslims belong to the Sunni sect of Islam. The religion first arrived at the western coast of India when Arab traders as early as the 7th century CE came to coastal Malabar and Konkan-Gujarat. Cheraman Juma Mosque in Kerala is thought to be the first mosque in India, built in 629 CE by Malik Deenar. Following an expedition by the governor of Bahrain to Bharuch in the 7th century CE, immigrant Arab and Persian trading communities from South Arabia and the Persian Gulf began settling in coastal Gujarat. Ismaili Shia Islam was introduced to Gujarat in the second half of the 11th century, when Fatimid Imam Al-Mustansir Billah sent missionaries to Gujarat in 467 AH/1073 CE. Islam arrived in North India in the 12th century via the Turkic invasions and has since become a part of India's religious and cultural heritage. Over the centuries, there has been significant integration of Hindu and Muslim cultures across India and Muslims have played a notable role in economics, politics, and culture of India.
The Mormon pioneers organized a new state called Deseret and petitioned for its recognition in 1849. The United States Congress rebuffed the settlers in 1850 and established the Utah Territory, vastly reducing its size, and designated Fillmore as its capital city. Great Salt Lake City replaced Fillmore as the territorial capital in 1858, and the name was later abbreviated to Salt Lake City. The city's population continued to swell with an influx of Mormon converts and Gold Rush gold seekers, making it one of the most populous cities in the American Old West.
Everywoman's Husband is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by Gilbert P. Hamilton and starring Gloria Swanson. A print of the film is preserved at the UCLA Film and Television Archive.
The British Antarctic Territory (BAT) is a sector of Antarctica claimed by the United Kingdom as one of its 14 British Overseas Territories, of which it is by far the largest by area. It comprises the region south of 60°S latitude and between longitudes and , forming a wedge shape that extends to the South Pole, overlapping the Antarctic claims of Argentina (Argentine Antarctica) and Chile (Chilean Antarctic Territory).
Kleist joined with Joseph Lilly, C.M., to produce a more modern English translation of the Bible than the Douai Bible then in common usage among Catholics. Under their editorship the work was laid to produce to the "Kleist-Lilly" translation, published posthumously in 1954, although work was completed by Christmas 1948. It never gained widespread acceptance, though, and was later totally supplanted by the translations produced by the Confraternity of Christian Doctrine, which culminated in the publication of the New American Bible in 1970.
Richard Grelling was born in Berlin, at that time the capital of Prussia. He studied law but after finishing his studies worked as a writer and dramatist.
The original version of the series premiered on ABC on Wednesday, October 27, 1954. The show was broadcast weekly on one of the Big Three television networks until 1990, a 36 - year span with only a two - year hiatus from 1984 until 1985. The series was broadcast on Sunday for 25 of those years. From 1991 until 1997, the series aired infrequently.
Gasol is a double - double machine, having recorded over 550 double - doubles in his NBA career. On April 2, 2016, he became the 36th player in NBA history to reach the 10,000 - point / 10,000 - rebound mark. While Gasol became the 43rd player in NBA history to reach to the 20,000 - point milestone, he is just the fourth with that many points, 10,000 rebounds, 3,500 assists and 1,500 blocks.
Like the Dutch before them, the British initially had little interest in the Cape Colony, other than as a strategically located port. The Cape Articles of Capitulation of 1806 allowed the colony to retain ``all their rights and privileges which they have enjoyed hitherto '', and this launched South Africa on a divergent course from the rest of the British Empire, allowing the continuance of Roman - Dutch law. British sovereignty of the area was recognised at the Congress of Vienna in 1815, the Dutch accepting a payment of 6 million pounds for the colony. As one of their first tasks they outlawed the use of the Dutch language in 1806 with the view of converting the European settlers to the British language and culture. This had the effect of forcing more of the Dutch colonists to move (or trek) away from British administrative reach. Much later, in 1820 the British authorities persuaded about 5,000 middle - class British immigrants (most of them`` in trade'') to leave Great Britain. Many of the 1820 Settlers eventually settled in Grahamstown and Port Elizabeth.
The Pakistani National Assembly (Urdu: قومی اسمبلئ پاکستان ‬ ‎ -- Qaumī Asimbli'e Pākistān); is the lower house of the bicameral Majlis - e-Shura, which also comprises the President of Pakistan and Senate (upper house). The National Assembly and the Senate both convene at Parliament House in Islamabad. The National Assembly is a democratically elected body consisting of a total of 332 members who are referred to as Members of the National Assembly (MNAs), of which 272 are directly elected members and 70 reserved seats for women and religious minorities. A political party must secure 172 seats to obtain and preserve a majority.
Russia was announced as the host on 2 December 2010 after the country was awarded the hosting rights of the 2018 FIFA World Cup. The matches were played in four different stadiums across four cities: Saint Petersburg, Moscow, Kazan, and Sochi. It was the first time Russia has hosted the tournament, and the third time the Confederations Cup has been held in the European continent. As hosts, Russia qualified automatically for the tournament; they were joined by the six winners of the FIFA confederation championships and the 2014 FIFA World Cup champions, Germany.
The club also owned and operated a professional basketball team, by the name of Everton Tigers, who compete in the elite British Basketball League. The team was launched in the summer of 2007 as part of the clubs' Community programme, and play their home games at the Greenbank Sports Academy. The team was an amalgam of the Toxteth Tigers community youth programme which started in 1968. The team quickly became one of the most successful in the league winning the BBL Cup in 2009 and the play-offs in 2010. However Everton withdrew funding before the 2010–11 season and the team was re launched as the Mersey Tigers.
According to 2012 Pew Research Center survey if current trends continue, Christianity will remains the world's largest religion by year 2050. By 2050, the Christian population is expected to exceed 3 billion. While Muslims have an average of 3.1 children per woman—the highest rate of all religious groups. Christians are second, with 2.7 children per woman. High birth rates and conversion were cited as the reason for the Christian population growths. A 2015 study found that approximately 10.2 million Muslim converted to Christianity. Christianity is growing in Africa, Asia, Latin America, Muslim world, and Oceania.
WGLF (104.1 FM) is a classic hits radio station in the Tallahassee, Florida, market owned by Cumulus Licensing LLC. Its studios are located in the westside of Tallahassee and its transmitter is based east of the city near Lloyd, Florida.
In Major League Baseball (MLB), the 50 home run club is the group of batters who have hit 50 or more home runs in a single season. Babe Ruth was the first to achieve this, doing so in 1920. By reaching the milestone, he also became the first player to hit 30 and then 40 home runs in a single - season, breaking his own record of 29 from the 1919 season. Ruth subsequently became the first player to reach the 50 home run club on four occasions, repeating the achievement in 1921, 1927 and 1928. He remained the only player to accomplish this until Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa matched his feat in 1999 and 2001, respectively, thus becoming the only players to achieve four consecutive 50 home run seasons. Barry Bonds hit the most home runs to join the club, collecting 73 in 2001. The most recent player to reach the milestone is Giancarlo Stanton.
Jack Cohen (March 21, 1919, Brooklyn – April 16, 2012, Jerusalem) was an American Reconstructionist rabbi, educator, philosopher and author. Cohen held a PhD from Columbia University in the philosophy of education. In 1943 he was ordained as a rabbi by the Jewish Theological Seminary of America (JTS) and, soon after, started to teach courses there. Cohen was one of the distinguished students of Rabbi Mordecai M. Kaplan, the founder of the Reconstructionist Movement, and was one of the founders of Kehillat Mevakshei Derech, a synagogue in Israel. Rabbi Dr. Jack Cohen was Honorary Chairman at Kaplan Center for Jewish Peoplehood and director of the Hillel Foundation at the Hebrew University for 23 years.
The Arts and Crafts movement that took place between 1860 and 1910 also impacted occupational therapy. In the US, a recently industrialized country, the arts and crafts societies emerged against the monotony and lost autonomy of factory work. Arts and crafts were used as a way of promoting learning through doing, provided a creative outlet, and served as a way to avoid boredom during long hospital stays.
The Valens Aqueduct ( or "Bozdoğan Kemeri", meaning "Aqueduct of the Grey Falcon"; , "Agōgós tou hýdatos", meaning simply "aqueduct") is a Roman aqueduct which was the major water-providing system of the Eastern Roman capital of Constantinople (modern Istanbul, Turkey). Completed by Roman Emperor Valens in the late 4th century AD, it was maintained and used by the Byzantines and later the Ottomans, and remains one of the most important landmarks of the city.
The Iron Grip Barbell Company is a manufacturer of commercial free weight equipment based in Santa Ana, California. Founded in 1993, its website claims it is the only company that still manufactures a complete line of equipment in the United States. Iron Grip holds many patents, and is internationally known.
Both the main painting, ""Ansidei Madonna"", and the predella ""Saint John the Baptist Preaching"", are located at the National Gallery in London.
The Yucatán Peninsula (Spanish: Península de Yucatán), in southeastern Mexico, separates the Caribbean Sea from the Gulf of Mexico, with the northern coastline on the Yucatán Channel. The peninsula lies east of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, a northwestern geographic partition separating the region of Central America from the rest of North America.
In September 1940, Japan decided to cut China's only land line to the outside world by seizing Indochina, which was controlled at the time by Vichy France. Japanese forces broke their agreement with the Vichy administration and fighting broke out, ending in a Japanese victory. On 27 September Japan signed a military alliance with Germany and Italy, becoming one of the three Axis Powers. In practice, there was little coordination between Japan and Germany until 1944, by which time the U.S. was deciphering their secret diplomatic correspondence.
In May 2017, ABC renewed AFV for a 28th season. For the start of the season on October 8, 2017 instead of leading off Sunday nights, it aired Sunday nights at 8 p.m. ET / 7 p.m. CT and was lead into at the start of the season by The Toy Box. During some parts of the holiday season starting on November 26, 2017 and remaining that way for almost the first two months of 2018 through January 21, 2018 (and final 'repeat / repeat' on February 4, 2018), AFV aired in a 'repeat / new episode' scheduling format. AFV returned with new episodes in the 7 / 6 central timeslot (still an hour - long on Sunday nights) due to holiday movie presentations and specials airing on ABC on Sunday nights at 8 / 7 central during the holiday season on December 10, 2017 and then permanently starting on February 11, 2018. ABC renewed AFV for a 29th season on March 13, 2018.
Phulrraa is a village and union council (an administrative subdivision) of Mansehra District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located in the south of the district and lies to the west of the district capital Mansehra.
In the case of http, https, file, and others, once the resource has been retrieved the web browser will display it. HTML and associated content (image files, formatting information such as CSS, etc.) is passed to the browser's layout engine to be transformed from markup to an interactive document, a process known as "rendering". Aside from HTML, web browsers can generally display any kind of content that can be part of a web page. Most browsers can display images, audio, video, and XML files, and often have plug-ins to support Flash applications and Java applets. Upon encountering a file of an unsupported type or a file that is set up to be downloaded rather than displayed, the browser prompts the user to save the file to disk.
Despite Sue's warning, Henry invites Lucy to have breakfast with him. Eventually she does, but it ends poorly when Henry unintentionally hurts Lucy's feelings. He follows her home to apologize where Marlin and Doug instruct Henry to leave Lucy alone. Henry begins concocting ways to run into Lucy on the following days, such as pretending to have car trouble, creating a fake road block, or by having Ula beat him up. Eventually, Marlin and Doug figure this out due to Lucy singing The Beach Boys' ``Would n't It Be Nice ''on the days when she meets Henry.
Beckwith is a township in eastern Ontario, Canada. It is located in Lanark County on the Mississippi River. It is located within Canada's National Capital Region.
Margareta von Ascheberg was the youngest child of Field Marshal Rutger von Ascheberg and Magdalena Eleonora Busseck. On 26 January 1691, she married colonel count Kjell Christopher Barnekow (d. 1700) in Malmö. As was the custom of the Swedish nobility as that time, she kept her name after marriage and style herself »Grevinnan Ascheberg» (Countess Ascheberg). The couple had four children. She accompanied her spouse on his military commissions: she gave birth to their youngest sons during the Bombardment of Brussels in 1695.
"The Burning Fiery Furnace" tells the story of Nebuchadnezzar (the historical Nebuchadnezzar II) and the three Israelites, Ananias, Misael and Asarias (corresponding Babylonian names: Shadrach, Meshach and Abednego), who were thrown into a furnace for their refusal to worship Nebuchadnezzar's image of gold. However, God saves them from death, as the voice of an angel joins the Israelites in a 'Benedicite'.
Traditional English ale was made solely from fermented malt. The practice of adding hops to produce beer was introduced from the Netherlands in the early 15th century. Alehouses would each brew their own distinctive ale, but independent breweries began to appear in the late 17th century. By the end of the century almost all beer was brewed by commercial breweries.
In ``The Merger '', Jim's and Pam's reunion is awkward. Pam is overjoyed, but Jim is clearly uncomfortable. He lets Pam know that he is seeing someone, and gradually Karen is introduced as his girlfriend. As Jim settles back in at Scranton, he uses his promotion as an excuse to avoid his old interactions and pranks with Pam, claiming that pulling pranks is not appropriate for his position. However, in time, Jim does return to his old ways, especially targeting Andy Bernard, a Stamford transfer, and Dwight.
Windows 8 surpassed Windows Vista in market share with a 5.1% usage rate according to numbers posted in July 2013 by Net Applications, with usage on a steady upward trajectory. However, intake of Windows 8 still lags behind that of Windows Vista and Windows 7 at the same point in their release cycles. Windows 8's tablet market share has also been growing steadily, with 7.4% of tablets running Windows in Q1 2013 according to Strategy Analytics, up from nothing just a year before. However, this is still well below Android and iOS, which posted 43.4% and 48.2% market share respectively, although both operating systems have been on the market much longer than Windows 8. Strategy Analytics also noted "a shortage of top tier apps" for Windows tablets despite Microsoft strategy of paying developers to create apps for the operating system (in addition to for Windows Phone).
To Face Her Past is a 1996 television film directed by Steven Schachter. Based on a true story, the film stars Patty Duke, Tracey Gold, David Ogden Stiers, Gabrielle Carteris and James Brolin.
The Jeffersonville Township Public Library is a public library system in Jeffersonville, Indiana, United States comprising two locations: the main library at 211 East Court Avenue in Jeffersonville and the Clarksville Branch at 1312 Eastern Boulevard in Clarksville, Indiana. The rest of Clark County, Indiana is served by the Charlestown-Clark County Public Library system, with which the Jeffersonville library has a reciprocal borrowing agreement.
"Hey Mami"/"Play It Right" is a single by Sylvan Esso, issued as the lead single from the band's eponymous debut album. The A-side, "Hey Mami", is the album's opening track; while the B-side, "Play It Right", is the album's ninth track. It is the only single the band released on Trekky Records before they moved to Partisan Records.
In 2016, about 36.7 million people were living with HIV and it resulted in 1 million deaths. There were 300,000 fewer new HIV cases in 2016 than in 2015. Most of those infected live in sub-Saharan Africa. From the time AIDS was identified in the early 1980s to 2017, the disease has caused an estimated 35 million deaths worldwide. HIV / AIDS is considered a pandemic -- a disease outbreak which is present over a large area and is actively spreading. HIV originated in west - central Africa during the late 19th or early 20th century. AIDS was first recognized by the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in 1981 and its cause -- HIV infection -- was identified in the early part of the decade.
Derech Mitzvosecha, also titled Sefer Hamitzvos (), is an interpretive work on the Jewish commandments authored by Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn (1789–1866), the third Rebbe of the Chabad Hasidic movement. The work is considered a fundamental text of Chabad philosophy.
Jerald Posman is Vice President for Administration and Finance at the City College of New York, a senior college of the City University of New York. Prior to that, he served most recently as Senior Vice President and COO for six and a half years at York College, City University of New York. He received his undergraduate degree in English Literature from the City College of New York and MBA from the Harvard Business School, Harvard University.
Shang 商 Kingdom c. 1600 BC -- c. 1046 BC Remnants of advanced, stratified societies dating back to the Shang period have been found in the Yellow River Valley. Capital Yin (modern Anyang) Languages Old Chinese Religion Chinese folk religion Government monarchy Historical era Bronze Age Established c. 1600 BC Zhou conquest c. 1046 BC Area 1122 BC est. 1,250,000 km (480,000 sq mi) Preceded by Succeeded by Xia dynasty Zhou dynasty Today part of China
With characteristic energy he set to work to re-establish the somewhat shattered fortunes of the orthodox party and to purge the theological atmosphere of uncertainty. To clear up the misunderstandings that had arisen in the course of the previous years, an attempt was made to determine still further the significance of the Nicene formularies. In the meanwhile, Julian, who seems to have become suddenly jealous of the influence that Athanasius was exercising at Alexandria, addressed an order to Ecdicius, the Prefect of Egypt, peremptorily commanding the expulsion of the restored primate, on the ground that he had never been included in the imperial act of clemency. The edict was communicated to the bishop by Pythicodorus Trico, who, though described in the "Chronicon Athanasianum" (XXXV) as a "philosopher", seems to have behaved with brutal insolence. On 23 October the people gathered about the proscribed bishop to protest against the emperor's decree; but Athanasius urged them to submit, consoling them with the promise that his absence would be of short duration.
Competition Manchester United wins Draws Liverpool wins League 67 46 55 FA Cup 9 League Cup 0 Europa League 0 Other Total 79 54 65
2017 -- 18 NBA season League National Basketball Association Sport Basketball Duration October 17, 2017 -- April 11, 2018 April 14 -- May 28, 2018 (Playoffs) May 31 -- June 17, 2018 (Finals) Number of games 82 Number of teams 30 TV partner (s) ABC, TNT, ESPN, NBA TV Draft Top draft pick Markelle Fultz Picked by Philadelphia 76ers Regular season Playoffs Finals NBA seasons ← 2016 -- 17 2018 -- 19 →
Beth Gordon (portrayed by Anne Archer), Melinda's mother and Aiden's grandmother, has the ability to communicate with ghosts, but chooses not to. She never came to terms with her mother or Melinda when it came to their gifts and prefers not to speak of anything that has to do with ghosts, or her husband Tom Gordon. Before she met Tom, she was in a relationship with a man named Paul Eastman, whom she was having a baby with when he went to jail. Once he died, Beth married Tom and never told Melinda about her real father. In ``Pater Familias '', Paul convinces Beth to tell Melinda the truth. She is then invited to watch the tall ships come into the harbor with Melinda, Jim and their friends, Rick, Delia, and Ned. She appeared in the episodes`` Melinda's First Ghost'', ``The Vanishing '',`` The Underneath'', and ``Pater Familias ''.
Frederick de Houtman (1571 – 21 October 1627), or Frederik de Houtman, was a Dutch explorer who sailed along the Western coast of Australia en route to Batavia, known today as Jakarta in Indonesia. He made observations of the southern stars and possibly contributed to the creation of 12 new southern constellations.
Wesley Branch Rickey (December 20, 1881 -- December 9, 1965) was an American sports executive. He was perhaps best known for breaking Major League Baseball's color barrier by signing African American player Jackie Robinson, for drafting the first Hispanic superstar, Roberto Clemente, for creating the framework for the modern minor league farm system, for encouraging the Major Leagues to add new teams through his involvement in the proposed Continental League, and for introducing the batting helmet. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1967.
The lander is named after the Philae obelisk, which bears a bilingual inscription and was used along with the Rosetta Stone to decipher Egyptian hieroglyphs. "Philae" was monitored and operated from DLR's Lander Control Center in Cologne, Germany.
The city went through serious troubles in the mid-fourteenth century. On the one hand were the decimation of the population by the Black Death of 1348 and subsequent years of epidemics — and on the other, the series of wars and riots that followed. Among these were the War of the Union, a citizen revolt against the excesses of the monarchy, led by Valencia as the capital of the kingdom — and the war with Castile, which forced the hurried raising of a new wall to resist Castilian attacks in 1363 and 1364. In these years the coexistence of the three communities that occupied the city—Christian, Jewish and Muslim — was quite contentious. The Jews who occupied the area around the waterfront had progressed economically and socially, and their quarter gradually expanded its boundaries at the expense of neighbouring parishes. Meanwhile, Muslims who remained in the city after the conquest were entrenched in a Moorish neighbourhood next to the present-day market Mosen Sorel. In 1391 an uncontrolled mob attacked the Jewish quarter, causing its virtual disappearance and leading to the forced conversion of its surviving members to Christianity. The Muslim quarter was attacked during a similar tumult among the populace in 1456, but the consequences were minor.
Tupanatinga is a city located in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil. Located at 306 km away from Recife, capital of the state of Pernambuco. Has an estimated (Ibge 2009) population of 19.026 inhabitants.
The Aerospace Defence Forces Branch, "short": ASDFB ( was a branch of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation responsible for aerospace defence, and the operation of Russian military satellites and the Plesetsk Cosmodrome. It was established on the 1 December 2011 and replaced the Russian Space Forces. The ASDFB was first commanded by former Space Forces commander Colonel General Oleg Ostapenko, who was promoted to Deputy Minister of Defence in November 2012. On 24 December 2012, Aleksandr Golovko was appointed the new commander. Although it is officially translated as aerospace in English, it covers both attacks from the air and from (outer) space, and some Russian writers translate it as "air and space" instead.
Greifensee Castle () is a castle in the municipality of Greifensee and the canton of Zurich in Switzerland. It was probably built by the House of Rapperswil and is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
Medina has never revealed the father of the child nor the circumstances of her impregnation. Escomel suggested that she might not actually know herself, as she "couldn't give precise responses". Lina's father was arrested on suspicion of child sexual abuse, but he was released due to lack of evidence and the biological father was never identified. Her son grew up healthy. He died in 1979 at the age of 40.In young adulthood, Medina worked as a secretary in the Lima clinic of Lozada, which gave her an education and helped put her son through high school. She married Raúl Jurado, who fathered her second son in 1972. As of 2002, they lived in a poor district of Lima known as "Chicago Chico". She refused an interview with Reuters that year, just as she had turned away many reporters in years past.
Paddington is a 2014 live - action animated comedy film written and directed by Paul King from a story by King and Hamish McColl and produced by David Heyman. Based on the stories of the character Paddington Bear created by Michael Bond, the film stars Ben Whishaw as the voice of the title character, with Hugh Bonneville, Sally Hawkins, Julie Walters, Jim Broadbent, Peter Capaldi, and Nicole Kidman in live - action roles. The film tells the story of the eponymous character Paddington, an anthropomorphic bear who migrates from the jungles of Peru to the streets of London, where he is adopted by the Brown family. Kidman plays the role of a taxidermist, who attempts to add him to her collection.
Festus Olabode Ola (born 12 November 1956) was elected Senator for Ekiti Central constituency of Ekiti State, Nigeria, taking office on 30 June 2009. He is a member of the Action Congress (AC) party.
Indonesian functions as a symbol of national identity and pride, and is a unifying language among the diverse Indonesian ethnic groups. It also serves as a vehicle of communication among the Indonesian provinces and different regional cultures in Indonesia. The language is used as the national official language, the language of education, communication, transaction and trade documentation, the development of national culture, science, technology, and mass media in Indonesia.
The Made in USA mark is a country of origin label indicating the product is ``all or virtually all ''made in the United States. The label is regulated by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
In 1937, just prior to the start of World War II, she returned to Amsterdam. During the German Occupation, Wertheim gave secret concerts in a cellar where she played music by banned Jewish composers. After September 1942, she went into hiding to escape the Jewish deportations. After the war, Rosy Wertheim taught at the Music School in Laren, but contracted a serious illness and died May 27, 1949, in Laren, the Netherlands.
Sébastien Huyghe (born October 25, 1969 in Béthune, Pas-de-Calais) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Nord department, and is a member of the Republicans.
The Martyrdom of Saint Lawrence is a 1558 painting by Titian, now in the church of I Gesuiti in Venice. It so impressed Philip II of Spain that he commissioned a second version in 1567 for the basilica at El Escorial.
Obi Emelonye, a former professional footballer and law professional graduated from the University of Nigeria, Nsukka, with BA (Hons) Theatre Arts degree (1990). He went on to study for an LLB Law degree from the University of Wolverhampton (1998). He completed a post-graduate degree in Legal Practice from London Metropolitan University (2002) and practised Law for a few years before focusing on his first love: film.
Khong is a district ("muang") of Champassack Province in southwestern Laos. The district borders Cambodia in the far south and is famous for the Khonephapheng Waterfalls and the Si Phan Don (4000 Islands) area.
Kublai Khan did not conquer the Song dynasty in South China until 1279, so Tibet was a component of the early Mongol Empire before it was combined into one of its descendant empires with the whole of China under the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368). Van Praag writes that this conquest "marked the end of independent China," which was then incorporated into the Yuan dynasty that ruled China, Tibet, Mongolia, Korea, parts of Siberia and Upper Burma. Morris Rossabi, a professor of Asian history at Queens College, City University of New York, writes that "Khubilai wished to be perceived both as the legitimate Khan of Khans of the Mongols and as the Emperor of China. Though he had, by the early 1260s, become closely identified with China, he still, for a time, claimed universal rule", and yet "despite his successes in China and Korea, Khubilai was unable to have himself accepted as the Great Khan". Thus, with such limited acceptance of his position as Great Khan, Kublai Khan increasingly became identified with China and sought support as Emperor of China.
Joseph Merk (18 January 179516 July 1852) was a noted Austrian cellist, often described as one of the most influential of the first half of the 19th century. He also wrote a number of compositions for the cello.
"The Passion of the Jew" is the third episode of the eighth season and the 114th overall episode of the American animated series "South Park", originally broadcast on Comedy Central on March 31, 2004. It was written and directed by Trey Parker, who, along with fellow series co-creator Matt Stone, voiced most of the characters in the episode. "The Passion of the Jew" is a satirical critique of the media discourse and controversy surrounding Mel Gibson's 2004 film, "The Passion of the Christ".
Governor of Alabama Seal of the Governor Standard of the Governor Incumbent Kay Ivey since April 10, 2017 Style Governor (informal) The Honorable (formal) Status Head of State Head of Government Residence Alabama Governor's Mansion Term length Four years, renewable once Precursor Governor of Alabama Territory Inaugural holder William Wyatt Bibb Formation December 14, 1819 (198 years ago) (1819 - 12 - 14) Deputy Lieutenant Governor of Alabama Salary $119,950 (2013) Website http://www.governor.state.al.us
Democratic Republic of Timor - Leste Repúblika Demokrátika Timór Lorosa'e (Tetum) República Democrática de Timor - Leste (Portuguese) Flag Coat of arms Motto: Unidade, Acção, Progresso (Portuguese) Unidade, Asaun, Progresu (Tetum) (English: ``Unity, Action, Progress '') Anthem: Pátria (Portuguese) (English:`` Fatherland'') Capital and largest city Dili 8 ° 20 ′ S 125 ° 20 ′ E ﻿ / ﻿ 8.34 ° S 125.34 ° E ﻿ / - 8.34; 125.34 Coordinates: 8 ° 20 ′ S 125 ° 20 ′ E ﻿ / ﻿ 8.34 ° S 125.34 ° E ﻿ / - 8.34; 125.34 Official languages Tetum Portuguese National languages 15 languages (show) Atauru Baikeno Bekais Bunak Fataluku Galoli Habun Idalaka Kawaimina Kemak Makalero Makasae Makuva Mambai Tokodede Religion (2010) 96.9% Roman Catholic 3.1% other religions Demonym East Timorese Timorese Maubere (informal) Government Unitary semi-presidential constitutional republic President Francisco Guterres Prime Minister Mari Alkatiri Legislature National Parliament Formation Portuguese Timor 16th century Independence declared 28 November 1975 Annexation by Indonesia 17 July 1976 Administered by UNTAET 25 October 1999 Independence restored 20 May 2002 Area Total 15,410 km (5,950 sq mi) (154th) Water (%) negligible Population 2015 census 1,167,242 Density 78 / km (202.0 / sq mi) GDP (PPP) 2017 estimate Total $4.567 billion Per capita $5,479 (148th) GDP (nominal) 2014 estimate Total $2.498 billion Per capita $3,330 HDI (2015) 0.605 medium 133rd Currency United States Dollar (USD) Time zone (UTC + 9) Drives on the left Calling code + 670 ISO 3166 code TL Internet TLD. tl Website timor-leste.gov.tl Fifteen further ``national languages ''are recognised by the Constitution. Centavo coins also used.. tp has been phased out.
Joshua Radnor (born July 29, 1974) is an American actor and singer. He is best known for portraying Ted Mosby on the popular Emmy Award - winning CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother. He made his writing and directorial debut with the 2010 comedy drama film Happythankyoumoreplease, for which he won the Sundance Film Festival Audience Award and was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize.
The Colony of Vancouver Island, officially known as the Island of Vancouver and its Dependencies, was a Crown colony of British North America from 1849 to 1866, after which it was united with the mainland to form the Colony of British Columbia. The united colony joined Canadian Confederation, thus becoming part of Canada, in 1871. The colony comprised Vancouver Island and the Gulf Islands of the Strait of Georgia.
Naweeha () is the third studio album for the Egyptian singer Mohamed Hamaki. The album contains 10 songs, and he co-operates again with the songwriter Ayman Bahgat Amar, Ammir Ta'eimah and Mohamed A'ttef, and others in the music industry such as the composers Mohamed Yehya, Ramy Gamal, Mohamed El Nadi and Tamer Aly and the arrangers Tooma and Tamim.
Parliament sits in Cape Town, even though the seat of government is in Pretoria. This dates back to the foundation of the Union, when there was disagreement among the four provinces as to which city would be the national capital. As a compromise, Cape Town was designated the legislative capital, Bloemfontein the judicial capital, and Pretoria the administrative capital. The African National Congress (ANC) government has proposed moving Parliament to Pretoria, arguing that the present arrangement is cumbersome as ministers, civil servants and diplomats must move back and forth when Parliament is in session.
Abul-Abbas was an Asian elephant given to Carolingian emperor Charlemagne by the Abbasid caliph Harun al-Rashid. The elephant's name and events from his life are recorded in the Carolingian "Annales regni Francorum," and he is mentioned in Einhard's "Vita Karoli Magni". However, no references to the gift or to interactions with Charlemagne have been found in Abbasid records.
The American people are mostly multi-ethnic descendants of various culturally distinct immigrant groups, many of which have now developed nations. Some consider themselves multiracial, while acknowledging race as a social construct. Creolization, assimilation and integration have been continuing processes. The African-American Civil Rights Movement (1955–1968) and other social movements since the mid-twentieth century worked to achieve social justice and equal enforcement of civil rights under the constitution for all ethnicities. In the 2000s, less than 5% of the population identified as multiracial. In many instances, mixed racial ancestry is so far back in an individual's family history (for instance, before the Civil War or earlier), that it does not affect more recent ethnic and cultural identification.
East Redonda Island is a coastal island in British Columbia, Canada, part of the Discovery Islands archipelago. It lies just to the north of Desolation Sound Marine Park, which is located off the north end of the Malaspina Peninsula at the mouth of Toba Inlet within Electoral Area C of the Strathcona Regional District.
Nguyễn An Ninh (September 5, 1900 – August 14, 1943) was a Vietnamese writer, activist and revolutionary during the country struggle against the French colonial empire. He was associated with the Société d'enseignement mutuel de Cochinchine (SEMC, in Vietnamese, Hội Khuyến Học Nam kỳ).
According to a 2014 study by the Pew Research Center, 57% of the population of the city identified themselves as Christians, with 25% professing attendance at a variety of churches that could be considered Protestant, and 29% professing Roman Catholic beliefs. while 33% claim no religious affiliation. The same study says that other religions (including Judaism, Buddhism, Islam, and Hinduism) collectively make up about 10% of the population.
Ptolemy's family ruled Egypt until the Roman conquest of 30 BC. All the male rulers of the dynasty took the name Ptolemy. Ptolemaic queens, some of whom were the sisters of their husbands, were usually called Cleopatra, Arsinoe or Berenice. The most famous member of the line was the last queen, Cleopatra VII, known for her role in the Roman political battles between Julius Caesar and Pompey, and later between Octavian and Mark Antony. Her suicide at the conquest by Rome marked the end of Ptolemaic rule in Egypt though Hellenistic culture continued to thrive in Egypt throughout the Roman and Byzantine periods until the Muslim conquest.
Gameface is the debut studio album by Filipino pop/R&B singer Jay R, released in the Philippines in August 2003 by Universal Records. He produced the album together with Ray Brown and Troy Johnson, in partnership with NuLife and his record label. To date, the album has reached Platinum status by the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI), denoting over 30,000 units sold in the country.
Saint Paul (abbreviated St. Paul) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of 2016, the city's estimated population was 304,442. Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County, the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota. The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River, and adjoins Minneapolis, the state's largest city. Known as the ``Twin Cities '', the two form the core of Minneapolis -- Saint Paul, the 16th - largest metropolitan area in the United States, with about 3.52 million residents.
The 2017 -- 18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season began on November 10, 2017. The first tournament was the 2K Sports Classic and the season ended with the Final Four in San Antonio on April 2, 2018. Practices officially began on September 29, 2017.
Vatsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Vindafjord in Rogaland county, Norway. The lake lies south of the European route E134 highway and north of the village of Vats. The long, narrow lake is long, and has a maximum width of . The primary outflow of the lake is the river Åmselva which flows south into the Vatsfjorden.
In the 5A playoff semifinals, Permian meets Dallas Carter Cowboys, a predominantly black team. In a hard fought game in the rain at Memorial Stadium in Austin, the Panthers are defeated 14 -- 9. Dallas Carter, led by future Miami Hurricanes and New York Giants linebacker Jessie Armstead, goes on to win the state championship, but faced severe penalties for their grade tampering, giving the state championship to Judson High School almost three years later.
On 25 February 1991, the Pact was declared at an end at a meeting of defense and foreign ministers from the remaining member states meeting in Hungary. On 1 July 1991, the Czechoslovak President Václav Havel formally declared an end to the Warsaw Treaty Organization of Friendship, Co-operation, and Mutual Assistance which had been established in 1955. The USSR itself was dissolved in December 1991.
Guyana is the only South American nation in which English is the official language. The majority of the population, however, speak Guyanese Creole, an English - based creole language, as a first language. Guyana is part of the Anglophone Caribbean. CARICOM, of which Guyana is a member, is headquartered in Guyana's capital and largest city, Georgetown. In 2008, the country joined the Union of South American Nations as a founding member.
Time has long been a major subject of study in religion, philosophy, and science, but defining it in a manner applicable to all fields without circularity has consistently eluded scholars. Nevertheless, diverse fields such as business, industry, sports, the sciences, and the performing arts all incorporate some notion of time into their respective measuring systems. Some simple definitions of time include "time is what clocks measure", which is a problematically vague and self-referential definition that utilizes the device used to measure the subject as the definition of the subject, and "time is what keeps everything from happening at once", which is without substantive meaning in the absence of the definition of simultaneity in the context of the limitations of human sensation, observation of events, and the perception of such events.
Li Jiaman (born 18 August 1997) is a Chinese archer, who participated in the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics. She was the sole representative of the host-country China in the archery competition.
The current I(t) through any component in an electric circuit is defined as the rate of flow of a charge Q(t) passing through it, but actual charges—electrons—cannot pass through the dielectric layer of a capacitor. Rather, one electron accumulates on the negative plate for each one that leaves the positive plate, resulting in an electron depletion and consequent positive charge on one electrode that is equal and opposite to the accumulated negative charge on the other. Thus the charge on the electrodes is equal to the integral of the current as well as proportional to the voltage, as discussed above. As with any antiderivative, a constant of integration is added to represent the initial voltage V(t0). This is the integral form of the capacitor equation:
The River Test runs along the western border of the city, separating it from the New Forest. There are bridges over the Test from Southampton, including the road and rail bridges at Redbridge in the south and the M27 motorway to the north. The River Itchen runs through the middle of the city and is bridged in several places. The northernmost bridge, and the first to be built, is at Mansbridge, where the A27 road crosses the Itchen. The original bridge is closed to road traffic, but is still standing and open to pedestrians and cyclists. The river is bridged again at Swaythling, where Woodmill Bridge separates the tidal and non tidal sections of the river. Further south is Cobden Bridge which is notable as it was opened as a free bridge (it was originally named the Cobden Free Bridge), and was never a toll bridge. Downstream of the Cobden Bridge is the Northam Railway Bridge, then the Northam Road Bridge, which was the first major pre-stressed concrete bridge to be constructed in the United Kingdom. The southernmost, and newest, bridge on the Itchen is the Itchen Bridge, which is a toll bridge.
Real Life is a 1979 American comedy film starring Albert Brooks (in his directorial debut), who also co-authored the screenplay. It is a spoof of the 1973 reality television program "An American Family" and portrays a documentary filmmaker named Albert Brooks who attempts to live with and film a dysfunctional family for one full year.
Manuel Balbi (born March 13, 1978, Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico), is a Mexican actor, known for Seres: Genesis (2010), Casi treinta (2014) and Agua y aceite (2002).
John Francis "Phenomenal" Smith (December 12, 1864 – April 3, 1952), born as John Francis Gammon, was an American professional baseball player and player-manager from 1884 to 1905. He played eight seasons in Major League Baseball, principally as a pitcher, for six different clubs.
Geophysical Journal International is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Royal Astronomical Society and the Deutsche Geophysikalische Gesellschaft (German Geophysical Society). The journal publishes original research papers, research notes, letters, and book reviews. It was established in 1922. The editor-in-chief is Joerg Renner (Ruhr University Bochum). The journal covers research on all aspects of theoretical, computational, applied and observational geophysics.
Neverwinter Nights 2: Mysteries of Westgate (NWN2:MoW) is an expansion pack for the role-playing video game "Neverwinter Nights 2". It was developed by Ossian Studios and published by Atari on April 29, 2009. The player creates a character and controls it, along with a group of three pre-designed companions, journeying through the game world. The gameplay is very similar to that of the base game. "Mysteries of Westgate" also includes new monsters, music, and other tools, which can be used by players to create their own "Neverwinter Nights 2" levels.
Mickey Rooney as Tod Kurt Russell as Copper Pearl Bailey as Big Mama Jack Albertson as Amos Slade Sandy Duncan as Vixey Jeanette Nolan as Widow Tweed Pat Buttram as Chief John Fiedler as The Porcupine John McIntire as The Badger Dick Bakalyan as Dinky Paul Winchell as Boomer Keith Coogan as Young Tod Corey Feldman as Young Copper
According to the Constitution, executive power is exercised by the President of the Republic and the Government. From the Constitutional amendment of 1986 the President's duties were curtailed to a significant extent, and they are now largely ceremonial; most political power thus lies in the hands of the Prime Minister. The position of Prime Minister, Greece's head of government, belongs to the current leader of the political party that can obtain a vote of confidence by the Parliament. The President of the Republic formally appoints the Prime Minister and, on his recommendation, appoints and dismisses the other members of the Cabinet.
Fiz initially appeared as a troubled teenager briefly fostered by Roy (David Neilson) and Hayley Cropper (Julie Hesmondhalgh) at the age of 15. She later started working at the Underworld factory. Fiz was involved in a murder storyline in which her husband John Stape (Graeme Hawley), committed three murders and had Fiz help him bury the bodies. She had to implicate other people in order to cover for John. She gave birth to her daughter Hope prematurely, in the live 50th anniversary episode with McAlpine becoming the first actress to act out a birth live on a soap opera.
There have been six Mario Kart games released for home consoles, three portable games, and four Namco co-developed arcade games, for a total of thirteen. The latest title in the main series, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, was released on Nintendo Switch in April 2017. The series has sold over 100 million copies worldwide to date.
Gajo Bulat was born January 4, 1836 to Francis, a judge in Supetar. He attended high school in Zadar, and received higher education in the University of Graz and the University of Padua. He received his doctorate of law and became a secretary for the Chamber of Commerce in Zadar, and then dedicated himself to being a lawyer between the years 1865 and 1879, he was one of the most distinguished lawyer in Split.
The Merchants Bridge, officially the Merchants Memorial Mississippi Rail Bridge, is a rail bridge crossing the Mississippi River between St. Louis, Missouri, and Venice, Illinois. The bridge is owned by the Terminal Railroad Association of St. Louis. It opened in May 1889 and crossed the river north of the Eads Bridge.
OS version Latest release Latest update Windows 3.0 3.0 3.0. 4 Windows 3.1 x 4.0 4.0. 1 Windows NT 3.5 3.0 3.0. 5 Windows NT 3.51 4.0 4.0. 1 Windows 95 5.5 Windows 98, Windows ME, Windows NT 4.0 7 7.0. 1 Windows 2000 CS2 9.0. 2 Windows XP CS6 13.0. 1 Windows Vista CS5. 1 12.0. 4 Windows 8 CC 2014 15.2. 2 Windows 10 Build 1607 CC 2018 19.1. 6 Windows 7, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10 CC 2019 20.0. 0 (current)
In July 1963 the Mongolian People's Republic asked to join the Warsaw Pact under Article 9 of the treaty. For this purpose a special protocol should have been taken since the text of the treaty applied only to Europe. Due to the emerging Sino-Soviet split, Mongolia remained on observer status. Soviet stationing troops were agreed to stay in Mongolia from 1966.
The Grammy Award for Best R&B Solo Vocal Performance - Male or Female was awarded at the Grammy Awards of 1967 for music released in the previous year. For this year only it replaced the awards for Best Female R&B Vocal Performance and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. The award was won by Ray Charles for "Crying Time".
The UEFA Euro 2012 Final was a football match that took place on 1 July 2012 at the Olympic Stadium in Kiev, Ukraine, to determine the winner of UEFA Euro 2012. Spain, who had won Euro 2008, successfully defended their title with a 4–0 win over Italy, becoming the first team to win two consecutive European Championships, and the first team to win three consecutive major tournaments – Euro 2008, the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012. It was the greatest margin of victory in the history of the European Championship finals, and the fourth time that teams who played each other in the group stage played each other again in the final (1988, 1996 and 2004).
Education in the Philippines is managed and regulated by the Department of Education (DepEd), Commission on Higher Education (CHED) and Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA). DepEd is responsible for the K -- 12 basic education; it exercises full and exclusive control over public schools and nominal regulation over private schools, and it also enforces the national curriculum that has been put in place since 2013. CHED and TESDA, on the other hand, are responsible for higher education; CHED regulates the academically - oriented universities and colleges while TESDA oversees the development of technical and vocational education institutions and programs in the country.
Black Cobain attended Virginia State University, graduated magna cum laude, and obtained employment at the Boys & Girls Club, uncertain he could make a viable living and income from his ambitions as an emcee. During this time, he linked with long-time friend and mentor, Le'Greg O. Harrison, and under his direction began to professionalize his sound and actively exploit his talent through local performances, collaborations, sets, and freestyles. In 2009, Black signed to The Board Administration as their first official signee and shortly thereafter left full-time employment to fully pursue emceeing as a career.
Area code 951 is a California telephone area code that was split from area code 909 on July 17, 2004. It covers western Riverside County, including, Beaumont, Corona, Canyon Lake, Riverside, Temescal Canyon, Woodcrest, Arlington, Mira Loma, Moreno Valley, Perris, Sun City, Lake Elsinore, Wildomar, Murrieta, Temecula, San Jacinto, Hemet, Lakeview, Nuevo, Norco, Banning, Eastvale, Quail Valley, and Idyllwild.
The Black Death, also known as the Great Plague, the Black Plague, or simply the Plague, was one of the most devastating pandemics in human history, resulting in the deaths of an estimated 75 to 200 million people in Eurasia and peaking in Europe from 1347 to 1351. The bacterium Yersinia pestis, which results in several forms of plague, is believed to have been the cause. The plague created a series of religious, social and economic upheavals, which had profound effects on the course of European history.
Elephant Butte is a city in Sierra County, New Mexico, United States, near Elephant Butte Reservoir and State Park. The population was 1,390 at the 2000 census.
``Ticks ''is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley. It was released in March 2007 as the first single from the album 5th Gear. It reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs Chart and was featured as a downloadable track for the video game Guitar Hero: World Tour. Paisley wrote this song with Kelley Lovelace and Tim Owens.
Maya is happy to have figured out the story, but she realizes that her father will never love her mother romantically again because he still loves April. She figures this out from the way he talks about her in the story and that while he changes her mother's name from Sarah to Emily and Natasha's to Summer, he keeps April's name the same. Maya makes Will have an epiphany, realizing that he is miserable without April and has loved her all along since the moment he met her. They go to April's apartment and Will talks to her over the speaker. Just as Will and Maya begin to walk away (since April stopped responding and did n't let Will in the building), April runs out and asks what story Maya was talking about. Will tells April that he kept Jane Eyre because it was the only thing he had left of her (revealing in doing so that he still loves her). April hugs Will as she forgives him and then walks hand - in - hand with Maya into her building to hear the story. As Maya walks upstairs, April embraces Will (subsequently revealing that she loves him too) and they kiss.
The Marseillaise was a revolutionary song, an anthem to freedom, a patriotic call to mobilize all the citizens and an exhortation to fight against tyranny and foreign invasion. The French National Convention adopted it as the Republic's anthem in 1795. The song acquired its nickname after being sung in Paris by volunteers from Marseille marching to the capital. The song is the first example of the ``European march ''anthemic style. The anthem's evocative melody and lyrics have led to its widespread use as a song of revolution and its incorporation into many pieces of classical and popular music.
The University of Southampton, which was founded in 1862 and received its Royal Charter as a university in 1952, has over 22,000 students. The university is ranked in the top 100 research universities in the world in the Academic Ranking of World Universities 2010. In 2010, the THES - QS World University Rankings positioned the University of Southampton in the top 80 universities in the world. The university considers itself one of the top 5 research universities in the UK. The university has a global reputation for research into engineering sciences, oceanography, chemistry, cancer sciences, sound and vibration research, computer science and electronics, optoelectronics and textile conservation at the Textile Conservation Centre (which is due to close in October 2009.) It is also home to the National Oceanography Centre, Southampton (NOCS), the focus of Natural Environment Research Council-funded marine research.
Villa Celiera is a "comune" and town in the province of Pescara in the Abruzzo region of Italy. It is located in the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park. The economy is based on agriculture (potatoes, cereals) and animal husbandry. The town mayor is Domenico Vespa.
Utva () is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, a right tributary of the Veslyana River, which in turn is a tributary of the Kama River. The river is long, and its drainage basin covers . The source of the river is in the extreme southwest of the Gaynsky District of Perm Krai, near the border with Kirov Oblast and the Komi Republic. The main tributaries are the Chugrum River (right) and the Yuzhnaya Anva River (left).
HMAS "Doomba was a Royal Australian Navy (RAN) warship of World War II. Built for the Royal Navy around the end of World War I as the Hunt-class minesweeper HMS "Wexford, the ship only saw two years of service before she was decommissioned in 1921 and sold to the Doomba Shipping Company. The vessel was renamed SS "Doomba", converted into a passenger ship, and operated in the waters around Brisbane until 1939, when she was requisitioned by the RAN for wartime service. Serving first as an auxiliary minehunter, then an auxiliary anti-submarine vessel, HMAS "Doomba" was purchased outright by the RAN in 1940, and served until early 1946, when she was sold and converted into a linseed oil lighter. "Doomba" was scuttled off Dee Why, New South Wales in 1976.
China Sunergy () is a Chinese solar cell products manufacturer based in Nanjing, Jiangsu. The company specializes in creating solar cells from silicon wafers. China Sunergy has a major customer base in China, but also sells their products internationally. On May 17 2007 the company began producing both monocrystalline and multicrystalline silicon solar cells. In 2012 the annual production of the cells were 1 GW and PV modules 1.2 GW. After listing as a NASDAQ Company in 2007, in 2013 May 23 China Sunergy opened its first international manufacturing base in Turkey. Turkey factory has the biggest solar cell and module capacity among both in Turkey and Europe. CSUN currently is the only Chinese solar cells and module manufacturer with a manufacturing base in Europe. Located in Tuzla Free Trade Zone, Istanbul, CSUN (Turkey) is in progress of building its second factory in Turkey within 2015. CSUN has been recognized as a Tier 1 module supplier by the Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BENF) PV Module Maker Tiering System on 23 March 2014.
Partial Bible translations into languages of the English people can be traced back to the late 7th century, including translations into Old and Middle English. More than 450 translations into English have been written.
Tymce (, "Tymtsi") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Lubaczów and east of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Juchnowiec Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately south of Juchnowiec Kościelny and south of the regional capital Białystok.
The Parliament of Great Britain was formed in 1707 following the ratification of the Treaty of Union by Acts of Union passed by the Parliament of England and the Parliament of Scotland. At the start of the 19th century, Parliament was further enlarged by Acts of Union ratified by the Parliament of Great Britain and the Parliament of Ireland that abolished the latter and added 100 Irish MPs and 32 Lords to the former to create the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. The Royal and Parliamentary Titles Act 1927 formally amended the name to the ``Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland '', five years after the secession of the Irish Free State.
Chelyabinsk () is a city and the administrative center of Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located in the northeast of the oblast, south of Yekaterinburg, just to the east of the Ural Mountains, on the Miass River, on the border of Europe and Asia. Population:
The Horse Mesa Dam is a concrete thin arch dam located in the Superstition Mountains, northeast of Phoenix in Maricopa County, Arizona.
John Gould Veitch (19 July 1869 – 3 October 1914) was an English amateur footballer, who played for the Corinthian club in the 1890s. He made one appearance for England playing at inside left in 1894, in which he scored a hat trick.
The Open Door Policy is a term in foreign affairs initially used to refer to the United States policy established in the late 19th century and the early 20th century that would allow for a system of trade in China open to all countries equally. It was used mainly to mediate the competing interests of different colonial powers in China. In more recent times, Open Door policy describes the economic policy initiated by Deng Xiaoping in 1978 to open up China to foreign businesses that wanted to invest in the country. This later policy set into motion the economic transformation of modern China.
The evidence of the early texts suggests that Siddhārtha Gautama was born in a community that was on the periphery, both geographically and culturally, of the northeastern Indian subcontinent in the fifth century BCE. It was either a small republic, in which case his father was an elected chieftain, or an oligarchy, in which case his father was an oligarch.
On July 6, John Kerry selected John Edwards as his running mate, shortly before the 2004 Democratic National Convention in Boston, held later that month. Days before Kerry announced Edwards as his running mate, Kerry gave a short list of three candidates: Sen John Edwards, Rep Dick Gephardt, and Gov Tom Vilsack. Heading into the convention, the Kerry/Edwards ticket unveiled their new slogan—a promise to make America "stronger at home and more respected in the world." Kerry made his Vietnam War experience the prominent theme of the convention. In accepting the nomination, he began his speech with, "I'm John Kerry and I'm reporting for duty." He later delivered what may have been the speech's most memorable line when he said, "the future doesn't belong to fear, it belongs to freedom", a quote that later appeared in a Kerry/Edwards television advertisement.
Patrick S. Castagne composed the words and music of the National Anthem in 1962. Mr Castagne, a renowned West Indian songwriter, was employed at the Trinidad and Tobago Commission in London. One of his compositions, called ``A Song for the Islands ''or A Song for Federation, was submitted to the West Indies Federation as a possible anthem.
In demographics, the world population is the total number of humans currently living. The world population was estimated to have reached 7.6 billion as of December 2017. The India estimates it will further increase to 11.8 billion by the year 2100.
Party and government leaders Name Position (s) in 1989 Deng Xiaoping Chairman of the Central Military Commission; de facto ``paramount leader ''Chen Yun Chairman of the CPC Central Advisory Commission Zhao Ziyang General Secretary of the Communist Party of China First Vice-Chairman of the Central Military Commission Li Peng Premier of the People's Republic of China Qiao Shi Secretary of the CPC Central Commission for Discipline Inspection Secretary of the CPC Political and Legislative Affairs Committee Hu Qili First Secretary of the Secretariat of the Communist Party Yao Yilin First Vice Premier of the People's Republic of China Yang Shangkun President of the People's Republic of China Vice-Chairman of the Central Military Commission Li Xiannian Chairman of the Conference National Committee Wan Li Chairman of the Congress Standing Committee Wang Zhen Vice President of the People's Republic of China Jiang Zemin Communist Party Shanghai Municipal Secretary Li Ximing Communist Party Beijing Municipal Secretary Zhu Rongji Mayor of Shanghai Chen Xitong Mayor of Beijing Hu Jintao Communist Party Tibet Regional Secretary Wen Jiabao Chief of the General Office of the Communist Party of China Bold text indicates membership in the Politburo Standing Committee Italics text indicates Great Eminent Officials
Trenton Lee Stewart (born 1970) is an American author best known for the Mysterious Benedict Society series. Stewart is a graduate of Hendrix College and the Iowa Writers' Workshop. He lives in Little Rock, Arkansas.
Sodipodi was developed for Linux and Microsoft Windows. The last version was 0.34, released on 11 February 2004. Released under the GNU General Public License, Sodipodi is free software.
Westminster Choir College is a residential conservatory of music located in Princeton, New Jersey, United States. Westminster Choir College educates students at the undergraduate and graduate levels for musical careers in music education, voice performance, piano performance, organ performance, pedagogy, music theory and composition, conducting, sacred music, and arts management; professional training in musical skills with an emphasis on performance is complemented by studies in the liberal arts. All students study with Westminster's voice faculty, the largest voice faculty in the world. The school's proximity to New York City and Philadelphia provides students with easy access to the musical resources of both cities.
Batman is an ongoing American comic book series featuring the DC Comics hero of the same name. The character first appeared in Detective Comics # 27 (cover dated May 1939). Batman proved to be so popular that a self - titled ongoing comic book series began publication with a cover date of Spring 1940. It was first advertised in early April 1940, one month after the first appearance of his new sidekick, Robin, the Boy Wonder.
Visual arts by indigenous peoples of the Americas comprise a major category in the world art collection. Contributions include pottery, paintings, jewellery, weavings, sculptures, basketry, carvings, and beadwork. Because too many artists were posing as Native Americans and Alaska Natives in order to profit from the caché of Indigenous art in the United States, the U.S. passed the Indian Arts and Crafts Act of 1990, requiring artists to prove that they are enrolled in a state or federally recognized tribe. To support the ongoing practice of American Indian, Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian arts and cultures in the United States, the Ford Foundation, arts advocates and American Indian tribes created an endowment seed fund and established a national Native Arts and Cultures Foundation in 2007.
Callie and Arizona have a five - year relationship, ultimately marrying in the seventh season and divorcing in the eleventh season. Callie starts a new relationship with Penny Blake and leaves to go to New York with her in the twelfth - season finale. Shonda Rhimes spoke on Ramirez's abrupt departure, saying, ``This one was different because it was n't a big planned thing. I had a different plan going and when Sara came in and said, 'I really need to take this break,' I was lucky that we'd shot the end of the season with her going to New York. ''
Muslim rule started in parts of north India in the 13th century when the Delhi Sultanate was founded in 1206 CE by the Central Asian Turks. The Delhi Sultanate ruled the major part of northern India in the early 14th century, but declined in the late 14th century when several powerful Hindu states such as the Vijayanagara Empire, Gajapati Kingdom, Ahom Kingdom, as well as Rajput dynasties and states, such as Mewar dynasty, emerged. The 15th century saw the emergence of Sikhism. In the 16th century, Mughals came from Central Asia and gradually covered most of India. The Mughal Empire suffered a gradual decline in the early 18th century, which provided opportunities for the Maratha Empire, Sikh Empire and Mysore Kingdom to exercise control over large areas of the subcontinent.
Nutrients is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal publishing reviews, regular research papers, and short communications on all aspects of nutrition. It was established in 2009 and is published by MDPI.
Ten largest public university campuses by enrollment during the 2016 -- 17 academic year Ranking University Location Enrollment Reference (s) University of Central Florida Orlando, Florida 64,335 Texas A&M University College Station, Texas 60,435 Ohio State University Columbus, Ohio 59,482 Florida International University Miami, Florida 55,111 5 University of Florida Gainesville, Florida 52,367 6 Arizona State University Tempe, Arizona 51,869 7 University of Minnesota Minneapolis / Saint Paul, Minnesota 51,580 8 University of Texas at Austin Austin, Texas 51,331 9 Michigan State University East Lansing, Michigan 50,344 10 Indiana University Bloomington, Indiana 49,695
AFL Premiership 2007 is a sports simulation game for the PlayStation 2 based on the Australian Football League. It is a follow up game to AFL Premiership 2006. It was developed by game developer, IR Gurus and published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe. It is the final game in the series to be developed by IR Gurus. The game was released, only in Australia, on 28 June 2007.
"When I Could Come Home to You" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Steve Wariner. It was released in October 1989 as the third single from the album "I Got Dreams". The song reached #5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart. Wariner wrote the song with Roger Murrah.
Holly Hill is a city in Volusia County, Florida, United States. The population was 11,659 at the 2010 census. Holly Hill's city limits lie entirely on the Florida mainland, unlike the larger cities on either side of it, Daytona Beach and Ormond Beach, which encompass both the mainland and the barrier island (beach front) across the Halifax River.
Born in Terrassa, Barcelona, Catalonia, Xavi is a product of FC Barcelona's La Masia youth system, which he joined at the age of 11. His father, Joaquim, was a former player for Sabadell in the first division. Xavi made his way through the youth and reserve teams and was a key member of Josep Maria Gonzalvo's Barcelona B team that won promotion to the Second Division.
Charles Thomas Kowal (November 8, 1940 – November 28, 2011) was an American astronomer known for his observations and discoveries in the Solar System. As a staff astronomer at Caltech's Mount Wilson and Palomar Mountain observatories between 1961 and 1984, he found the first of a new class of Solar System objects, the centaurs, discovered two moons of the planet Jupiter, and discovered or co-discovered a number of asteroids, comets and supernovae. He was awarded the James Craig Watson Medal for his contributions to astronomy in 1979.
Tyrion Lannister A Song of Ice and Fire character Game of Thrones character Peter Dinklage as Tyrion on Game of Thrones First appearance Novel: A Game of Thrones (1996) Television: ``Winter Is Coming ''(2011) Video game:`` Iron From Ice'' (2014) Created by George R.R. Martin Portrayed by Peter Dinklage (Game of Thrones) Voiced by Peter Dinklage (video game) Information Aliases The Imp The Halfman Yollo Hugor Hill Gender Male Title Hand of the King Master of Coin Lord of Casterly Rock (claimant) Hand of the Queen (TV series) Family House Lannister Spouse (s) Tysha (annulled) Sansa Stark (unconsummated) Significant other (s) Shae Relatives Tywin Lannister (father) Joanna Lannister (mother) Cersei Lannister (sister) Jaime Lannister (brother) Joffrey Baratheon (nephew) Myrcella Baratheon (niece) Tommen Baratheon (nephew) Kevan Lannister (uncle) Lancel Lannister (cousin) Kingdom The Westerlands The Crownlands
The Million Dollar Drop is a game show which airs on Nine Network in Australia and is based on the UK series "The Million Pound Drop Live". However, unlike the original UK version, it is not broadcast live, and there are several changes to the format. The show premiered on 21 March 2011 and is hosted by Eddie McGuire.
Avoca was a small town in Avoca Township, located in southeastern Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma Territory. The post office was established in 1894 and closed permanently in 1906.
The Hartford Bridge, or Blue Bridge, is a single-span road bridge crossing the River Weaver at Hartford, Cheshire in England. The bridge is located on the A556 as part of the Northwich bypass.
The Columbia Mall is a shopping mall located in Columbia, Missouri, United States. It was built in 1985 and is the largest mall in its area.
Mumbai Godfather is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Balraj Vij released on 23 September 2005.
Villa Foscari is a patrician villa in Mira, near Venice, northern Italy, designed by the Italian architect Andrea Palladio. It is also known as "La Malcontenta", a nickname which it received when the spouse of one of the Foscaris was locked up in the house because she allegedly didn't live up to her conjugal duty.
Washington, D.C., radio station WMAL personality Jackson Weaver served as the primary voice representing Smokey until Weaver's death in October 1992. Others who have provided a voice to Smokey include Jim Cummings, Roger C. Carmel, Jack Angel, Los Angeles radio station KNX's George Walsh, and Gene Moss. In June 2008, the Forest Service launched a new series of public service announcements voiced by actor Sam Elliott, simultaneously giving Smokey a new visual design intended to appeal to young adults. Patrick Warburton provides the voice of an anonymous park ranger.
Angell was the son of James Burrill Angell and Sarah Swope Caswell, and was named for his maternal grandfather, Alexis Caswell, later President of Brown University. Angell was 14 when his family moved to Ann Arbor, Michigan when his father was appointed President of the University of Michigan. In 1880, he married Fanny Cary Cooley, daughter of Law Professor Thomas McIntyre Cooley.
I'm Alive and on Fire is a 2001 album by Canadian rock band Danko Jones. It collects tracks the band recorded from 1996 to 1999, including several that appeared on the EPs "Danko Jones" and "My Love is Bold".
Birch "Crimson Slide" Johnson is an American trombonist. He is a first call studio trombonist, Emmy nominated composer, producer and songwriter based in New York City. For 10 years, Birch was a member of the "Blues Brothers Band" and appeared, as an actor, in the movie "Blues Brothers 2000". He graduated from the University of Alabama, receiving the Bachelor of Music degree. At Alabama, he studied with noted jazz educator, Steve Sample, Sr. He subsequently attended Eastman School of Music, receiving the Master of Music degree, majoring in jazz performance.
"Girl Talk" is a song by American group TLC. It was written by band members Lisa Lopes and Tionne Watkins along with Anita McLoud, Edmund "Eddie Hustle" Clement, and Kandi Burruss for the group's fourth studio album, "3D" (2002). Featuring production by Hustle, it was released as the album's lead single in September 2002, along with a previously unreleased song "Get Away". While the song contains vocals by Lisa Lopes, the music video for "Girl Talk" marked the band's first release without Lopes, following her death in April of the same year.
Mount Miller is an isolated peak of the Saint Elias Mountains in Alaska, United States. It is notable for its position among spectacular icefields, its distance from any inhabited place, and its large rise above local terrain. It is over 65 miles (110 km) from McCarthy, the nearest habitation, and over 105 miles (170 km) away from Yakutat, the nearest significant town. Exemplifying the size of the mountain, the south flank rises 9000 feet (2743 m) above the Duktoth River valley to the south in approximately 9 horizontal miles (14.5 km).
The Electorate of Baden was a State of the Holy Roman Empire from 1803 to 1806. In 1803, Napoleon bestowed the office of Prince-elector to Charles Frederick. This only lasted until 1806, when Francis II dissolved the Empire. When the Holy Roman Empire dissolved, Baden achieved sovereignty, and Charles Frederick became Grand Duke.
North Hastings High School (NHHS) is a high school located in Bancroft, Ontario, Canada serving students in the northern portion of Hastings County and part of the Hastings and Prince Edward District School Board. NHHS offers specialized 4-credit courses which allow students to learn principles of resource management and environmental studies, which help them to gain employment in resource-based careers.
As evident in his imperial edicts, the Hongwu Emperor was well aware of the Buddhist link between Tibet and China and wanted to foster it. Rolpe Dorje, 4th Karmapa Lama (1340–1383) rejected the Hongwu Emperor's invitation, although he did send some disciples as envoys to the court in Nanjing. The Hongwu Emperor also entrusted his guru Zongluo, one of many Buddhist monks at court, to head a religious mission into Tibet in 1378–1382 in order to obtain Buddhist texts.
I'll Cry If I Want To was the debut album of Lesley Gore. The album included her hit singles "It's My Party" and its follow-up, "Judy's Turn to Cry". The album was rushed out after "It's My Party" became a big hit, and the songs are mostly about crying, linking to the hit single's first line "It's my party and I'll cry if I want to", incorporating songs with titles such as "Cry", "Just Let Me Cry" and "Cry and You Cry Alone". Besides the hit singles, the album included pop standards such as "Misty", "Cry Me a River" and "What Kind of Fool Am I?". The album reached #24 on the "Billboard" 200. Edsel Records released the album on Compact Disc in 2000 in combination with Gore's second album, "Lesley Gore Sings of Mixed-Up Hearts". The album was named the 181st best album of the 1960s by "Pitchfork".
In atomic physics, Hund's rules refers to a set of rules that German physicist Friedrich Hund formulated around 1927, which are used to determine the term symbol that corresponds to the ground state of a multi-electron atom. The first rule is especially important in chemistry, where it is often referred to simply as Hund's Rule.
The film is a commentary on the social and the gender injustice. As in his other movies, filmmaker Prakash Jha has focussed on the social problems that plague his native state of Bihar, India, and like his other movies this one straddles the boundary between art film and commercial film. The film also boasted of some semi-classical music, tuned by Anand-Milind and Raghunath Seth and worded by Javed Akhtar. The film was critically acclaimed and is considered to be one of Madhuri Dixit's best performances.
The port of Palermo, founded by the Phoenicians over 2,700 years ago, is, together with the port of Messina, the main port of Sicily. From here ferries link Palermo to Cagliari, Genoa, Livorno, Naples, Tunis and other cities and carry a total of almost 2 million passengers annually. It is also an important port for cruise ships. Traffic includes also almost 5 million tonnes of cargo and 80.000 TEU yearly. The port also has links to minor sicilian islands such as Ustica and the Aeolian Islands (via Cefalù in summer). Inside the Port of Palermo there is a section known as "tourist marina" for sailing yachts and catamarans.
Most of Germany has a temperate seasonal climate dominated by humid westerly winds. The country is situated in between the oceanic Western European and the continental Eastern European climate. The climate is moderated by the North Atlantic Drift, the northern extension of the Gulf Stream. This warmer water affects the areas bordering the North Sea; consequently in the northwest and the north the climate is oceanic. Germany gets an average of 789 mm (31 in) of precipitation per year; there is no consistent dry season. Winters are cool and summers tend to be warm: temperatures can exceed 30 °C (86 °F).The east has a more continental climate: winters can be very cold and summers very warm, and longer dry periods can occur. Central and southern Germany are transition regions which vary from moderately oceanic to continental. In addition to the maritime and continental climates that predominate over most of the country, the Alpine regions in the extreme south and, to a lesser degree, some areas of the Central German Uplands have a mountain climate, with lower temperatures and more precipitation.Though the German climate is rarely extreme, there are occasional spikes of cold or heat. Winter temperatures can sometimes drop to two-digit negative temperatures for a few days in a row. Conversely, summer can see periods of very high temperatures for a week or two. The recorded extremes are a maximum of 40.3 °C (104.5 °F) (July 2015, in Kitzingen), and a minimum of −37.8 °C (−36.0 °F) (February 1929, in Pfaffenhofen an der Ilm).
Koothanur is a town situated in the Tiruvarur district of Tamil Nadu, India. The town is located at a distance of 25 kilometres from Tiruvarur. A temple for Saraswati, the Hindu goddess of learning is situated in this place. Koothanur is the only temple in Tamil Nadu for the goddess Saraswati. Saraswati is considered as the goddess of knowledge so people believe that if they worship this deity they will become good in knowledge.
Nothing Records was an American record label specializing in industrial rock and electronic music, founded by John Malm Jr. and Trent Reznor in 1992. It is considered an example of a vanity label, where an artist is able to run a label with some degree of independence from within a larger parent company, in this case being Interscope Records.
Lennon -- McCartney was the songwriting partnership between English musicians John Lennon (9 October 1940 -- 8 December 1980) and Paul McCartney (born 18 June 1942) of the Beatles. It is one of the best known and most successful musical collaborations in history, with the Beatles selling over 600 million records, tapes and CDs as of 2004. Between 1962 and 1969, the partnership published approximately 180 jointly credited songs, of which the vast majority were recorded by the Beatles, forming the bulk of their catalogue.
Southampton Airport is a regional airport located in the town of Eastleigh, just north of the city. It offers flights to UK and near European destinations, and is connected to the city by a frequent rail service from Southampton Airport (Parkway) railway station, and by bus services.
Fort Hill, also known as the John C. Calhoun Mansion and Library, is a National Historic Landmark on the Clemson University campus in Clemson, South Carolina. The house is significant as the home from 1825-50 of John C. Calhoun, a leading national politician of the period, and is now a museum and library maintained in his memory.
``The Story ''is a song released as a single by American folk rock singer Brandi Carlile, written by Phil Hanseroth, from her 2007 album The Story. It was featured in Grey's Anatomy in 2007 and is on Grey's Anatomy Soundtrack album 3 (released September 11).
The British East India Company initially tolerated the practice, with William Carey noting 438 incidences within a 30 - mile (48 - km) radius of Calcutta, in 1803, despite its ban within Calcutta itself. Historian A.F. Salahuddin Ahmed states Company employees ``not only seemed to accord an official sanction, but also increased its prestige value '', in Bengal, through only prohibiting involuntary immolations in 1813. Between 1815 and 1818, the number of sati in Bengal province doubled from 378 to 839. Under sustained campaigning against sati by Christian missionaries such as William Carey and Brahmin Hindu reformers such as Ram Mohan Roy, the provincial government banned sati in 1829. This was followed up by similar laws by the authorities in the princely states of India in the ensuing decades, with a general ban for the whole of India issued by Queen Victoria in 1861. In Nepal, sati was banned in 1920. The Indian Sati Prevention Act from 1988 further criminalised any type of aiding, abetting, and glorifying of sati.
Korvald's Cabinet governed Norway between 18 October 1972 and 16 October 1973. The center cabinet led by Lars Korvald and consisted of the Christian Democratic Party, the Centre Party and the Liberal Party.
Archidamus II () was a Eurypontid king of Sparta who reigned from approximately 476 BC to 427 BC. His father was Zeuxidamus (called Cyniscos by many Spartans). Zeuxidamus married and had a son, Archidamus. However, Zeuxidamus died before his father, Leotychidas.
``When I Call Your Name ''is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Vince Gill. It was released in May 1990 as the third single and title track from the album When I Call Your Name. The song reached number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. It was written by Gill and Tim DuBois. Patty Loveless performed backing vocals on the song. Session veteran Barry Beckett played piano on the track. The Common Linnets performed a cover of the song to celebrate 50 years of the CMA Awards.
John Doby Kennedy (January 5, 1840 – April 14, 1896) was a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War, as well as a post-war planter, attorney, politician, and the 57th Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina serving under Governor Johnson Hagood.
The United States has formally declared war against foreign nations five separate times, each upon prior request by the President of the United States. Four of those five declarations came after hostilities had begun. James Madison reported that in the Federal Convention of 1787, the phrase ``make war ''was changed to`` declare war'' in order to leave to the Executive the power to repel sudden attacks but not to commence war without the explicit approval of Congress. Debate continues as to the legal extent of the President's authority in this regard. Public opposition to American involvement in foreign wars, particularly during the 1930s, was expressed as support for a Constitutional Amendment that would require a national referendum on a declaration of war. Several Constitutional Amendments, such as the Ludlow Amendment, have been proposed that would require a national referendum on a declaration of war.
The Canon de 75 mle GP II was a field gun used by Belgium during World War II. Cockerill mounted lengthened Canon de 75 mle TR barrels on ex-German 7.7 cm FK 16 gun carriages received as reparations after World War I. After 1940, the Wehrmacht designated captured guns as the 7.5 cm FK 234(b) and used them to equip occupation units in Belgium.
Slavyansky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the thirty-eight in Krasnodar Krai, Russia. As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Slavyansky Municipal District. It is located in the west of the krai. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Slavyansk-na-Kubani (which is not administratively a part of the district). Population:
In every High Court, there is a Chief Justice and many other judges whose number is defined by the President of India.
The Taifa of Tavira was a medieval taifa Moorish kingdom in what is now southern Portugal. It existed only from around 1146 to 1150.
XWiki code is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License and hosted on GitHub where everyone is free to fork the source code and develop changes in their own repository. The content included in the XWiki Enterprise wiki is licensed under a Creative Commons attribution license so that it can be redistributed as long as it references XWiki; derivatives can be re-licensed entirely. While most of the active developers are funded by commercial support company XWiki SAS, XWiki SAS maintains a strict boundary between itself and the XWiki free software project. All decisions about the direction of the XWiki software project are made by consensus of the committers must go through the developers' mailing list.
Beach Head 2000 is a first-person shooter game developed by Digital Fusion. It was originally released by WizardWorks for Microsoft Windows and MacSoft for Mac OS as a "value-priced" release. A loose remake of the 1983 computer game "Beach Head", it shared a similar premise, as players defend a beach against attack utilizing a variety of weapons. A version of the game was also produced for video arcades by Tsunami Visual Technologies, available in various motion simulation cabinets and Digital Fusion continues to sell the Windows version as a download via its website.
Marien Ngouabi, who had participated in the coup, assumed the presidency on December 31, 1968. One year later, President Ngouabi proclaimed Congo Africa's first "people's republic", the People's Republic of the Congo, and announced the decision of the National Revolutionary Movement to change its name to the Congolese Labour Party (PCT). Ngouabi survived an attempted coup in 1972 but was assassinated on March 16, 1977. An 11-member Military Committee of the Party (CMP) was then named to head an interim government with Joachim Yhombi-Opango to serve as President of the Republic. Two years later, Yhombi-Opango was forced from power and Denis Sassou Nguesso become the new president.
Greetings From The Shore is a 2007 American coming-of-age romantic comedy film directed by Greg Chwerchak. The movie has played over 60 festivals, winning over 20 awards. It had its American theatrical release on September 12, 2008, on a limited basis.
Hamburg Records is a Hamburg, Germany based independent record label and artist management owned by Pyogenesis vocalist Flo V. Schwarz.
1971: The aluminum baseball bat is first used. It was partly developed by Little League Baseball. Lloyd McClendon of Gary, Indiana, dominates the Little League World Series, hitting five home runs in five at - bats. He later played in the Major Leagues and become the first Little League graduate to manage an MLB club with the Pittsburgh Pirates.
How I Met Your Mother (often abbreviated to HIMYM) is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 19, 2005, to March 31, 2014. The series follows the main character, Ted Mosby, and his group of friends in New York City's Manhattan. As a framing device, Ted, in the year 2030, recounts to his son and daughter the events that led him to meet their mother.
Kersa is a town in southeastern Ethiopia. Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region, this town has a latitude and longitude of with an elevation of 2784 meters above sea level. It is the administrative center of Munesa woreda.
``The buck stops here ''is a phrase that was popularized by U.S. President Harry S. Truman, who kept a sign with that phrase on his desk in the Oval Office. The phrase refers to the notion that the President has to make the decisions and accept the ultimate responsibility for those decisions. Truman received the sign as a gift from a prison warden who was also an avid poker player. It is also the motto of the U.S. Naval Aircraft Carrier USS Harry S. Truman (CVN - 75).
The Battle of Verdun (Bataille de Verdun, IPA: (bataj də vɛʁdœ̃), Schlacht um Verdun, IPA: (ʃlaxt ˀʊm ˈvɛɐdœŋ)), fought from 21 February to 18 December 1916, was the largest and longest battle of the First World War on the Western Front between the German and French armies. The battle took place on the hills north of Verdun - sur - Meuse in north - eastern France. The German 5th Army attacked the defences of the Fortified Region of Verdun (RFV, Région Fortifiée de Verdun) and those of the French Second Army on the right bank of the Meuse. Inspired by the experience of the Second Battle of Champagne in 1915, the Germans planned rapidly to capture the Meuse Heights, an excellent defensive position with good observation for the artillery to bombard Verdun. The Germans hoped that the French would commit their strategic reserve to recapture the position and suffer catastrophic losses in a battle of annihilation, not costly for the Germans because of their tactical advantage.
The National Renaissance Party () is a minor political party in the Dominican Republic. It first contested national elections in 1994, when it failed to win a seat. They again failed to win a seat in 1998, whilst their candidate received less than 1% of the vote in the 2000 presidential elections. For the 2002 elections it was part of the victorious Dominican Revolutionary Party-led alliance. It ran alone in the 2006 elections, but received only 0.1% of the national vote, failing to win a seat.
The 14th government of Turkey (9 March 1943 – 7 August 1946) was a government in the history of Turkey. It is also called "second Saracoğlu government".
Kreindler & Kreindler LLP is a U.S. law firm founded in 1950 with offices in New York, California and Massachusetts. The firm specializes in air disaster litigation and has represented plaintiffs in most major aviation disaster litigations. According to the New York Times, Lee Kreindler, a named partner of the firm, was "considered the founder of air disaster law."
Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is a 2016 American superhero film featuring the DC Comics characters Batman and Superman. Directed by Zack Snyder and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film is the second installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU) following 2013's Man of Steel. It was written by Chris Terrio and David S. Goyer, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Amy Adams, Jesse Eisenberg, Diane Lane, Laurence Fishburne, Jeremy Irons, Holly Hunter and Gal Gadot. Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice is the first live - action film to feature Batman and Superman together, as well as the first live - action cinematic portrayal of Wonder Woman, Aquaman, Flash and Cyborg. In the film, criminal mastermind Lex Luthor manipulates Batman into a preemptive battle with Superman, whom Luthor is obsessed with defeating.
Founded in the Northern states in 1854 by anti-slavery activists, modernizers, ex Whigs and ex Free Soilers, the Republican Party quickly became the principal opposition to the dominant Democratic Party and the briefly popular Know Nothing Party. The main cause was opposition to the Kansas -- Nebraska Act, which repealed the Missouri Compromise by which slavery was kept out of Kansas. The Northern Republicans saw the expansion of slavery as a great evil. The first public meeting of the general ``anti-Nebraska ''movement where the name`` Republican'' was suggested for a new anti-slavery party was held on March 20, 1854, in a schoolhouse in Ripon, Wisconsin. The name was partly chosen to pay homage to Thomas Jefferson's Republican Party.
Men's Singles 2018 US Open Champion Novak Djokovic Runner - up Juan Martín del Potro Final score 6 -- 3, 7 -- 6, 6 -- 3 Details Draw 128 (16 Q / 8 WC) Seeds 32 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends men women mixed WC Singles men women quad WC Doubles men women quad ← 2017 US Open 2019 →
Hindu religion and culture in Singapore can be traced back to the 7th century AD, when Temasek was a trading post of Hindu-Buddhist Srivijaya empire. A millennium later, a wave of immigrants from southern India were brought to Singapore, mostly as coolies and indentured labourers by the British East India Company and colonial British Empire. As with Malay peninsula, the British administration sought to stabilise a reliable labour force in its regional plantation and trading activities; it encouraged Hindus to bring family through the "kangani" system of migration, settle, build temples and segregated it into a community that later became Little India.
The New One-Armed Swordsman, also known as Triple Irons, is a 1971 Hong Kong "wuxia" film directed by Chang Cheh and produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio, starring David Chiang. Chiang replaced Jimmy Wang, the star of the two preceding films in the series, "The One-Armed Swordsman" and "Return of the One-Armed Swordsman". The film features Chang Cheh's usual brand of violent swordplay and bloody effects.
ThinThread is the name of a project that the United States National Security Agency (NSA) pursued during the 1990s, according to a May 17, 2006 article in "The Baltimore Sun". The program involved wiretapping and sophisticated analysis of the resulting data, but according to the article, the program was discontinued three weeks before the September 11, 2001 attacks due to the changes in priorities and the consolidation of U.S. intelligence authority.
The Internet Channel is a version of the Opera 9 web browser for use on the Wii by Opera Software and Nintendo. Opera Software also implemented the Nintendo DS Browser for Nintendo's handheld system.
San Pietro a Ovile is a medieval Roman Catholic church located in Via del Giglio in Siena, Region of Tuscany, Italy.
Monster Madhouse is an American public-access television cable TV and Internet horror movie program. The show is hosted by horror host Karlos Borloff, played by Washington DC native Jerry Moore.
Philadelphia is also a major hub for Greyhound Lines, which operates 24-hour service to points east of the Mississippi River. Most of Greyhound's services in Philadelphia operate to/from the Philadelphia Greyhound Terminal, located at 1001 Filbert Street in Center City Philadelphia. In 2006, the Philadelphia Greyhound Terminal was the second busiest Greyhound terminal in the United States, after the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York. Besides Greyhound, six other bus operators provide service to the Center City Greyhound terminal: Bieber Tourways, Capitol Trailways, Martz Trailways, Peter Pan Bus Lines, Susquehanna Trailways, and the bus division for New Jersey Transit. Other services include Megabus and Bolt Bus.
Sir John Everett Millais, 1st Baronet ( , ; 8 June 1829 – 13 August 1896) was an English painter and illustrator who was one of the founders of the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood. He was a child prodigy who, aged eleven, became the youngest student to enter the Royal Academy Schools. The Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood was founded at his family home in London, at 83 Gower Street (now number 7). Millais became the most famous exponent of the style, his painting "Christ in the House of His Parents" (1850) generating considerable controversy, and painting perhaps the embodiment of the school, "Ophelia", in 1850-51.
Historically, other notations, such as the vinculum, were similarly used for grouping; in present - day use, these notations all have specific meanings. The earliest use of brackets to indicate aggregation (i.e. grouping) was suggested in 1608 by Christopher Clavius and in 1629 by Albert Girard.
Minnie Cumnock Blodgett (1862–1931) graduated from Vassar College in 1884, later becoming a trustee (1917–1931). She is the mother of Katharine Blodgett Hadley (VC '20), who was also a Vassar trustee (1942–1954), and was chairman of the Board (1945–1952).
Justice League is a 2017 American superhero film based on the DC Comics superhero team of the same name, distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. It is the follow - up to 2016's Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and the fifth installment in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The film is directed by Zack Snyder, written by Chris Terrio and Joss Whedon, and features an ensemble cast that includes Ben Affleck, Henry Cavill, Gal Gadot, Ezra Miller, Jason Momoa, and Ray Fisher as the titular team, with Amy Adams, Jeremy Irons, Diane Lane, Connie Nielsen, and J.K. Simmons in supporting roles. In the film, Batman and Wonder Woman recruit The Flash, Aquaman, and Cyborg after Superman's death to save the world from the catastrophic threat of Steppenwolf and his army of Parademons.
As Muslim institutions of higher learning, the madrasa had the legal designation of waqf. In central and eastern Islamic lands, the view that the madrasa, as a charitable endowment, will remain under the control of the donor (and their descendent), resulted in a "spurt" of establishment of madaris in the 11th and 12th centuries. However, in Western Islamic lands, where the Maliki views prohibited donors from controlling their endowment, madaris were not as popular. Unlike the corporate designation of Western institutions of higher learning, the waqf designation seemed to have led to the exclusion of non-orthodox religious subjects such a philosophy and natural science from the curricula. The madrasa of al-Qarawīyīn, one of the two surviving madaris that predate the founding of the earliest medieval universities and are thus claimed to be the "first universities" by some authors, has acquired official university status as late as 1947. The other, al-Azhar, did acquire this status in name and essence only in the course of numerous reforms during the 19th and 20th century, notably the one of 1961 which introduced non-religious subjects to its curriculum, such as economics, engineering, medicine, and agriculture. It should also be noted that many medieval universities were run for centuries as Christian cathedral schools or monastic schools prior to their formal establishment as universitas scholarium; evidence of these immediate forerunners of the university dates back to the 6th century AD, thus well preceding the earliest madaris. George Makdisi, who has published most extensively on the topic concludes in his comparison between the two institutions:
Douglas Lee Williams (born August 9, 1955) is a former American football quarterback and former head coach of the Grambling State Tigers football team. Williams is known for his remarkable performance with the Washington Redskins in Super Bowl XXII against the Denver Broncos. Williams, who was named the Super Bowl MVP, passed for a Super Bowl record 340 yards and four touchdowns, with one interception. He was the first African - American starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl. Williams also became the first player in Super Bowl history to pass for four touchdowns in a single quarter, and four in a half. Williams is now a team executive for the Redskins, being hired for that role in 2014.
Zumbo's Just Desserts is an Australian baking reality competition television program on the Seven Network. The program was developed by the creators of My Kitchen Rules. The program is hosted by Adriano Zumbo and Rachel Khoo, with Gigi Falanga as assistant. The series was won by Kate, who received $100,000 prize money.
Tara Bray Smith (born September 1970) is an American author. She has produced the books "West of Then: A Mother, a Daughter, and a Journey Past Paradise" (2004) and "Betwixt" (2007).
Maher led the Australia women's national basketball team to their first Olympic medal (bronze) in 1996 and then on to silver at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He was head coach of New Zealand in Athens 2004, and coached the Tall Ferns to their best-ever performance of eighth. He coached the China women's national basketball team at the Beijing Olympics in 2008, finishing fourth.
The 1990 State of the Union address was given by President George H. W. Bush to a joint session of the 101st United States Congress on January 31, 1990.
Fort Vredeburg Museum (Official Indonesian name, Museum Benteng Vredeburg Yogyakarta), was a former colonial fortress located in the city of Yogyakarta. The military complex has been converted into an Independence Struggle Museum which was opened in 1992. It is located in front of Gedung Agung and Kraton Yogyakarta (Sultan's Palace).
Super Bowl The generic Super Bowl logo used since Super Bowl XLV in 2011, showcasing the Vince Lombardi Trophy. First played January 15, 1967; 51 years ago (1967 - 01 - 15) Trophy Vince Lombardi Trophy Recent and upcoming games 2017 season Super Bowl LII U.S. Bank Stadium (February 4, 2018) 2018 season Super Bowl LIII Mercedes - Benz Stadium (February 3, 2019)
At the University of Arizona, where records have been kept since 1894, the record maximum temperature was 115 °F (46 °C) on June 19, 1960, and July 28, 1995, and the record minimum temperature was 6 °F (−14 °C) on January 7, 1913. There are an average of 150.1 days annually with highs of 90 °F (32 °C) or higher and an average of 26.4 days with lows reaching or below the freezing mark. Average annual precipitation is 11.15 in (283 mm). There is an average of 49 days with measurable precipitation. The wettest year was 1905 with 24.17 in (614 mm) and the driest year was 1924 with 5.07 in (129 mm). The most precipitation in one month was 7.56 in (192 mm) in July 1984. The most precipitation in 24 hours was 4.16 in (106 mm) on October 1, 1983. Annual snowfall averages 0.7 in (1.8 cm). The most snow in one year was 7.2 in (18 cm) in 1987. The most snow in one month was 6.0 in (15 cm) in January 1898 and March 1922.
The Big Broadcast of 1936 is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Norman Taurog, and is the second in the series of Big Broadcast movies.
Being located on the Atlantic coastline, Galicia has a very mild climate for the latitude and the marine influence affects most of the province to various degrees. In comparison to similar latitudes on the other side of the Atlantic, winters are exceptionally mild, with consistently heavy rainfall. Snow is rare due to temperatures rarely dropping below freezing. The warmest coastal station of Pontevedra has a yearly mean temperature of 14.8 °C (58.6 °F). Ourense located somewhat inland is only slightly warmer with 14.9 °C (58.8 °F). Due to its exposed north-westerly location, the climate is still very cool by Spanish standards. In coastal areas summers are temperered, averaging around 25 °C (77 °F) in Vigo. Temperatures are further cooler in A Coruña, with a subdued 22.8 °C (73.0 °F) normal. Temperatures do however soar in inland areas such as Ourense, where days above 30 °C (86 °F) are very regular.
Hans Anatol von Spakovsky (born March 11, 1959) is an American attorney and a former member of the Federal Election Commission (FEC). He is the manager of the Heritage Foundation's Election Law Reform Initiative and a senior legal fellow in Heritage's Meese Center for Legal and Judicial Studies. He is an advocate for more restrictive voting laws. He has been described as playing an influential role in making alarmism about voter fraud mainstream in the Republican Party, despite no evidence of widespread voter fraud.
On Our Selection is a 1912 Australian play by Bert Bailey and Edmund Duggan based on the stories of Steele Rudd. Bailey played Dad Rudd in the original production.
On 7 April 1963, the country changed its official name to the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. Reforms encouraged private enterprise and greatly relaxed restrictions on freedom of speech and religious expression. Tito subsequently went on a tour of the Americas. In Chile, two government ministers resigned over his visit to that country. In the autumn of 1960 Tito met President Dwight D. Eisenhower at the United Nations General Assembly meeting. Tito and Eisenhower discussed a range of issues from arms control to economic development. When Eisenhower remarked that Yugoslavia's neutralism was "neutral on his side", Tito replied that neutralism did not imply passivity but meant "not taking sides".
Ensign Manufacturing Company, founded as Ensign Car Works in 1872, was a railroad car manufacturing company based in Huntington, West Virginia. In the 1880s and 1890s Ensign's production of wood freight cars made the company one of the three largest sawmill operators in Cabell County. In 1899, Ensign and twelve other companies were merged to form American Car and Foundry Company.
The LeMat revolver was a. 42 or. 36 caliber cap & ball black powder revolver invented by Jean Alexandre LeMat of New Orleans, which featured an unusual secondary 20 gauge smooth - bore barrel capable of firing buckshot. It saw service with the armed forces of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War of 1861 -- 65 and the Army of the Government of National Defense during the Franco - Prussian War.
Laura Hope Crews (December 12, 1879 -- November 12, 1942) was a leading actress of the American stage in the first decades of the 20th century who is best remembered today for her later work as a character actress in motion pictures of the 1930s. Her best - known film role was Aunt Pittypat in Gone with the Wind.
Men's Singles 2015 Australian Open Champion Novak Djokovic Runner - up Andy Murray Final score 7 -- 6, 6 -- 7, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 0 Details Draw 128 (16 Q / 8 WC) Seeds 32 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends men women mixed WC Singles men women quad WC Doubles men women quad ← 2014 Australian Open 2016 →
The Lime Kiln Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in the larger Cienega Valley AVA in San Benito County, California. This appellation spans and was granted AVA status in 1982. The soil in the region is composed of foundations of limestone and dolomite with sandy, gravelly loam above. The area has a wide diurnal temperature variation of up to , with daytime temperatures in to range during the summer growing seasons. The AVA is home to old vine Mourvedre plantings.
Czech, the official language of the Czech Republic (a member of the European Union since 2004), is one of the EU's official languages and the 2012 Eurobarometer survey found that Czech was the foreign language most often used in Slovakia. Economist Jonathan van Parys collected data on language knowledge in Europe for the 2012 European Day of Languages. The five countries with the greatest use of Czech were the Czech Republic (98.77 percent), Slovakia (24.86 percent), Portugal (1.93 percent), Poland (0.98 percent) and Germany (0.47 percent).
In 1972 Tolib Shakhidi graduated from the Moscow Conservatory from the class of Aram Khachaturian. 'Tolib, your time is precious,' wrote the famous master on Shakhidi's graduation photograph – and since then, this has become the composer's fundamental belief both in life and in his creative work.
The Late Middle Ages spanned the 14th and early 15th centuries. Around 1300, centuries of European prosperity and growth came to a halt. A series of famines and plagues, such as the Great Famine of 1315–1317 and the Black Death, killed people in a matter of days, reducing the population of some areas by half as many survivors fled. Kishlansky reports:
Hamma Hammami was born on 8 January 1952 in El Aroussa, Tunisia. He is married to the human rights lawyer Radhia Nasraoui. Together they have three daughters, Nadia, Oussaïma and Sarah.
Švitrigaila was born to Algirdas, Grand Duke of Lithuania, and his second wife Uliana of Tver. His date of birth is unknown, but it is believed that he was the youngest or second youngest son of Algirdas. He first appeared in politics in October 1382 when he witnessed the Treaty of Dubysa between his elder brother Jogaila and the Teutonic Knights. Historians believe that would indicate that at the time Švitrigaila was no younger than 12 which would put his date of birth sometime before 1370. In a complaint submitted to the Council of Florence, Švitrigaila claimed that he and Jogaila were favorite sons of Algirdas. Before his death in 1377, Algirdas transferred his throne to Jogaila but made him swear to make Švitrigaila his heir. Jogaila's representatives did not outright deny the arrangement and instead claimed that it had been modified by mutual agreement between the brothers.
Geluwe (Hilwe in West Flemish) is a town in the West Flemish province of Belgium. It is contained within the municipality of Wervik. The town is known for the "yawning festival" (Dutch: gapersfeesten). The name Geluwe comes from the word gilwe, old West Flemish for yellow, because the soil is more yellow than the rest of the region.
Bozeman is a city in and the seat of Gallatin County, Montana, United States. Located in southwest Montana, the 2010 census put Bozeman's population at 37,280 and by 2016 the population rose to 45,250, making it the fourth largest city in Montana. It is the principal city of the Bozeman, MT Micropolitan Statistical Area, consisting of all of Gallatin County with a population of 97,304. It is the largest Micropolitan Statistical Area in Montana and is the third largest of all of Montana's statistical areas.The city is named after John M. Bozeman who established the Bozeman Trail and was a founder of the town in August 1864. The town became incorporated in April 1883 with a city council form of government and in January 1922 transitioned to its current city manager/city commission form of government. Bozeman was elected an All-America City in 2001 by the National Civic League.Bozeman is home to Montana State University. The local newspaper is the Bozeman Daily Chronicle, and the city is served by Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport.
We Buy Any Car Limited Type Limited company Industry Automotive industry Headquarters Farnham, Surrey, United Kingdom Number of locations 210 + branches (2015) Revenue £557m (2014) Owner BCA Market Place PLC Number of employees 386 (2015) Parent BCA Website www.webuyanycar.com
The Pack River is a river in the North-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, flowing north into the Parsnip Reach of Lake Williston. Part of the Peace River drainage, it was originally a tributary of the Parsnip River before the creation of Lake Williston by the building of WAC Bennett Dam. It is fed by the McLeod River via McLeod Lake.
Hickory Grove Estates is an unincorporated community located in Oktibbeha County, Mississippi. Hickory Grove Estates is approximately south-southwest of Clayton Village.
Frank Exposition (voiced by Leslie David Baker) is a man who is usually seen vacationing with his wife during Bingo and Rolly's missions. In ``A Pyramid Scheme ''he gets tangled in ribbons, which leads to Bingo and Rolly mistaking him for a mummy.
In 2008, Houston received top ranking on Kiplinger's Personal Finance Best Cities of 2008 list, which ranks cities on their local economy, employment opportunities, reasonable living costs, and quality of life. The city ranked fourth for highest increase in the local technological innovation over the preceding 15 years, according to Forbes magazine. In the same year, the city ranked second on the annual Fortune 500 list of company headquarters, first for Forbes magazine's Best Cities for College Graduates, and first on their list of Best Cities to Buy a Home. In 2010, the city was rated the best city for shopping, according to Forbes.
Sirasa Superstar is a musical reality show conducted in Sri Lanka by the TV channel Sirasa TV. The first four seasons were inspired by the program called American Idol an American singing competition series, the fifth and sixth seasons are similar to The Voice. The seventh season was finished on 9 July 2016.
The Holsman Automobile Company was an early United States automobile manufacturer in Chicago, Illinois, between 1901 and 1910. Founded by Henry K. Holsman, the company produced a high wheeler automobile.
Porrex II was a legendary king of the Britons as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth's "Historia Regum Britanniae". His father was King Millus and he was succeeded by his son, Cherin.
Spielberg next directed the historical drama film Lincoln, starring Daniel Day-Lewis as United States President Abraham Lincoln and Sally Field as Mary Todd Lincoln. Based on Doris Kearns Goodwin's bestseller Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln, the film covered the final four months of Lincoln's life. Written by Tony Kushner, the film was shot in Richmond, Virginia, in late 2011, and was released in the United States by Disney in November 2012. The film's international distribution was handled by 20th Century Fox. Upon release, Lincoln received widespread critical acclaim, and was nominated for twelve Academy Awards (the most of any film that year) including Best Picture and Best Director for Spielberg. It won the award for Best Production Design and Day-Lewis won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his portrayal of Lincoln, becoming the first three time winner in that category as well as the first to win for a performance directed by Spielberg.
Roughly one-third of the world's population has been infected with M. tuberculosis, with new infections occurring in about 1% of the population each year. However, most infections with M. tuberculosis do not cause TB disease, and 90–95% of infections remain asymptomatic. In 2012, an estimated 8.6 million chronic cases were active. In 2010, 8.8 million new cases of TB were diagnosed, and 1.20–1.45 million deaths occurred, most of these occurring in developing countries. Of these 1.45 million deaths, about 0.35 million occur in those also infected with HIV.
Name Nat Tenure Honours Ted Drake England 1952 -- 1961 1955 First Division 1955 FA Charity Shield Tommy Docherty Scotland 1961 -- 1967 1965 Football League Cup Dave Sexton England 1967 -- 1974 1970 FA Cup 1971 European Cup Winners' Cup John Neal England 1981 -- 1985 1984 Second Division John Hollins England 1985 -- 1988 1986 Full Members Cup Bobby Campbell England 1988 -- 1991 1989 Second Division 1990 Full Members Cup Ruud Gullit Netherlands 1996 -- 1998 1997 FA Cup Gianluca Vialli Italy 1998 -- 2000 1998 Football League Cup 1998 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup 1998 UEFA Super Cup 2000 FA Cup 2000 FA Charity Shield José Mourinho Portugal 2004 -- 2007 2013 -- 2015 2005 Football League Cup 2005 Premier League 2005 FA Community Shield 2006 Premier League 2007 Football League Cup 2007 FA Cup 2015 Football League Cup 2015 Premier League Guus Hiddink Netherlands 2009 2015 -- 2016 2009 FA Cup Carlo Ancelotti Italy 2009 -- 2011 2009 FA Community Shield 2010 Premier League 2010 FA Cup Roberto Di Matteo Italy 2012 2012 FA Cup 2012 UEFA Champions League Rafael Benítez Spain 2012 -- 2013 2013 UEFA Europa League Antonio Conte Italy 2016 -- 2018 2017 Premier League 2018 FA Cup
Real Rob is an American sitcom created by Rob Schneider. The series premiered on December 1, 2015, on Netflix. The series follows the everyday life of Rob, including his real-life wife Patricia and daughter Miranda. On July 27, 2016, the series was renewed by Netflix for a second season, which premiered on September 29, 2017.
Katavi National Park is a Tanzanian national park created in 1974 and is located in Katavi Region, Tanzania. It is a very remote park that is less frequently visited than other Tanzanian national parks. The park is approximately in area, which makes it the third largest national park in Tanzania. The park encompasses the Katuma River and the seasonal Lake Katavi and Lake Chada floodplains.
MeshLab is a 3D mesh processing software system that is oriented to the management and processing of unstructured large meshes and provides a set of tools for editing, cleaning, healing, inspecting, rendering, and converting these kinds of meshes. MeshLab is free and open-source software, subject to the requirements of the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 2 or later, and is used as both a complete package and a library powering other software. It is well known in the more technical fields of 3D development and data handling.
The Jewish Workers Bund in Poland was a short-lived alliance formed in January 1897, formed by the Jewish section of the Polish Socialist Party (consisting of ex-yeshiva students) and the Vilna-based Jewish Social Democratic group (which since the summer of 1895 had sent agitators to Warsaw, including John Mill, to establish their movement there). But the alliance soon fell apart, as the PPS Jewish section accused the Jewish Social Democrats of indifference to the Polish national question. The Jewish Social Democrats founded the General Jewish Labour Bund later the same year.
Country Sunshine is an album by Country music singer, Dottie West (released in 1973) based on the successful commercial/Country song of "Country Sunshine".
Though Brazilians of at least partial African heritage make up a large percentage of the population, few blacks have been elected as politicians. The city of Salvador, Bahia, for instance, is 80% people of color, but voters have not elected a mayor of color. Journalists like to say that US cities with black majorities, such as Detroit and New Orleans, have not elected white mayors since after the civil rights movement, when the Voting Rights Act of 1965 protected the franchise for minorities, and blacks in the South regained the power to vote for the first time since the turn of the 20th century. New Orleans elected its first black mayor in the 1970s. New Orleans elected a white mayor after the widescale disruption and damage of Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
The President is responsible for the implementation of the Constitution and for the exercise of executive powers, except for matters directly related to the Supreme Leader, who has the final say in all matters. The President appoints and supervises the Council of Ministers, coordinates government decisions, and selects government policies to be placed before the legislature. Eight Vice-Presidents serve under the President, as well as a cabinet of twenty-two ministers, who must all be approved by the legislature.
Aside from the 20th century addition of the Bois de Boulogne, Bois de Vincennes and Paris heliport, Paris' administrative limits have remained unchanged since 1860. The Seine département had been governing Paris and its suburbs since its creation in 1790, but the rising suburban population had made it difficult to govern as a unique entity. This problem was 'resolved' when its parent "District de la région parisienne" (Paris region) was reorganised into several new departments from 1968: Paris became a department in itself, and the administration of its suburbs was divided between the three departments surrounding it. The Paris region was renamed "Île-de-France" in 1977, but the "Paris region" name is still commonly used today. Paris was reunited with its suburbs on January 1, 2016 when the Métropole du Grand Paris came into existence.
During the Republic, any person who wished to hold public office had to conform to the Reformed Church and take an oath to this effect. The extent to which different religions or denominations were persecuted depended much on the time period and regional or city leaders. In the beginning, this was especially focused on Roman Catholics, being the religion of the enemy. In 17th-century Leiden, for instance, people opening their homes to services could be fined 200 guilders (a year's wage for a skilled tradesman) and banned from the city. Throughout this, however, personal freedom of religion existed and was one factor – along with economic reasons – in causing large immigration of religious refugees from other parts of Europe.
The Vancouver Folk Music Festival (VFMF), founded in 1978, is an outdoor multistage music festival, located at Jericho Beach Park on the west side of Vancouver, British Columbia. It takes place annually, on the third weekend of July.
By the end of 1957, Nasser nationalized all remaining British and French assets in Egypt, including the tobacco, cement, pharmaceutical, and phosphate industries. When efforts to offer tax incentives and attract outside investments yielded no tangible results, he nationalized more companies and made them a part of his economic development organization. He stopped short of total government control: two-thirds of the economy was still in private hands. This effort achieved a measure of success, with increased agricultural production and investment in industrialization. Nasser initiated the Helwan steelworks, which subsequently became Egypt's largest enterprise, providing the country with product and tens of thousands of jobs. Nasser also decided to cooperate with the Soviet Union in the construction of the Aswan Dam to replace the withdrawal of US funds.
ISO 3166-1 is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), and defines codes for the names of countries, dependent territories, and special areas of geographical interest. The official name of the standard is "Codes for the representation of names of countries and their subdivisions – Part 1: Country codes". It defines three sets of country codes:
The Socialist Party presidential primary of 2006 was the selection process by which members of the Socialist Party of France chose their candidate for the 2007 French presidential election. In a nationwide vote on 16 November 2006, members of the party chose Ségolène Royal over Dominique Strauss-Kahn and Laurent Fabius, making Royal the first female nominee of a major party for the office of President of France.
Modern navies that operate such aircraft carriers treat them as the capital ship of the fleet, a role previously held by the battleship. This change took place during World War II in response to air power becoming a significant factor in warfare, driven by the superior range, flexibility and effectiveness of carrier-launched aircraft. Following the war, carrier operations continued to increase in size and importance. Supercarriers, displacing 75,000 tonnes or greater, have become the pinnacle of carrier development. Some are powered by nuclear reactors and form the core of a fleet designed to operate far from home. Amphibious assault ships, such as USS Tarawa and HMS Ocean, serve the purpose of carrying and landing Marines, and operate a large contingent of helicopters for that purpose. Also known as "commando carriers" or "helicopter carriers", many have the capability to operate VSTOL aircraft.
As of December 2014, the US Filet - O - Fish contains a battered, fried fish fillet made from Alaska pollock. In the Republic of Ireland either hoki or Alaska pollock may be served. In New Zealand and the United Kingdom Filet - O - Fish contains hoki instead of Alaska pollock. McDonald's Canada, United States, United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Portugal, Czech Republic, The Netherlands and Hong Kong use a half slice of cheese in each Filet - O - Fish sandwich.
Liza and David was a reality television series slated to air on VH1 in 2002, featuring Liza Minnelli and her then-husband, David Gest.
Kris Kringle (Edmund Gwenn) is indignant to find that the man assigned to play Santa in the annual Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade (Percy Helton) is intoxicated. When he complains to event director Doris Walker (Maureen O'Hara), she persuades Kris to take his place. He does so well, he is hired to play Santa at Macy's flagship New York City store on 34th Street.
The Yellow Christ (in French: Le Christ jaune) is a painting executed by Paul Gauguin in 1889 in Pont-Aven. Together with "The Green Christ", it is considered to be one of the key works of Symbolism in painting.
Washington University's North Campus and West Campus principally house administrative functions that are not student focused. North Campus lies in St. Louis City near the Delmar Loop. The University acquired the building and adjacent property in 2004, formerly home to the Angelica Uniform Factory. Several University administrative departments are located at the North Campus location, including offices for Quadrangle Housing, Accounting and Treasury Services, Parking and Transportation Services, Army ROTC, and Network Technology Services. The North Campus location also provides off-site storage space for the Performing Arts Department. Renovations are still ongoing; recent additions to the North Campus space include a small eatery operated by Bon Appétit Management Company, the University's on-campus food provider, completed during spring semester 2007, as well as the Family Learning Center, operated by Bright Horizons and opened in September 2010.
Natural Alternatives International (NAI) is an American company based in San Marcos, California which manufactures nutritional supplements such as Juice Plus. NAI was founded in 1980 by Mark A. LeDoux, and had 241 employees in 2007. NAI's manufacturing facilities are located in Vista, California, Switzerland and Japan.
Dalcheon is a river of South Korea. It is a river of the Han River system. A tributary of the Namhan River, it is one of the few Namhan tributaries that are navigable year round.
Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr. (/ dweɪn / dwayn; born January 17, 1982) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). After a successful college basketball career with the Marquette Golden Eagles, Wade was drafted fifth overall in the 2003 NBA draft by Miami. In his third season, Wade led the Heat to their first NBA Championship in franchise history and was named the 2006 NBA Finals MVP. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, Wade led the United States men's basketball team, commonly known as the ``Redeem Team '', in scoring, and helped them capture the gold medal. In the 2008 -- 09 season, Wade led the league in scoring and earned his first NBA scoring title. With LeBron James and Chris Bosh, Wade helped guide Miami to four consecutive NBA Finals from 2011 to 2014, winning back - to - back championships in 2012 and 2013. After 11⁄2 seasons away from the Heat with the Chicago Bulls and Cleveland Cavaliers, Wade was traded back to Miami in February 2018. A 12 - time NBA All - Star, Wade is Miami's all - time leader in points, games, assists and steals, shots made and shots taken.
Dillon Beach is a census-designated place (CDP) in Marin County, California, United States. Dillon Beach is located west of Tomales, at an elevation of 89 feet (27 m). The population was 283 at the 2010 census. Dillon Beach was named after the founder, George Dillon, who settled there in 1858. The area includes a public access beach, as well as a private beach resort, the only private beach in California.
Examples of energy transformation include generating electric energy from heat energy via a steam turbine, or lifting an object against gravity using electrical energy driving a crane motor. Lifting against gravity performs mechanical work on the object and stores gravitational potential energy in the object. If the object falls to the ground, gravity does mechanical work on the object which transforms the potential energy in the gravitational field to the kinetic energy released as heat on impact with the ground. Our Sun transforms nuclear potential energy to other forms of energy; its total mass does not decrease due to that in itself (since it still contains the same total energy even if in different forms), but its mass does decrease when the energy escapes out to its surroundings, largely as radiant energy.
Confederate troops from all parts of North Carolina served in virtually all the major battles of the Army of Northern Virginia, the Confederacy's most famous army. The largest battle fought in North Carolina was at Bentonville, which was a futile attempt by Confederate General Joseph Johnston to slow Union General William Tecumseh Sherman's advance through the Carolinas in the spring of 1865. In April 1865, after losing the Battle of Morrisville, Johnston surrendered to Sherman at Bennett Place, in what is today Durham. North Carolina's port city of Wilmington was the last Confederate port to fall to the Union, in February 1865, after the Union won the nearby Second Battle of Fort Fisher, its major defense downriver.
Edwin John (Ted) Howard (18 June 1868 – 26 April 1939) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party, and the father of cabinet minister Mabel Howard. He had been a prominent member of the New Zealand Socialist Party, a precursor to the Labour Party.
The Right Stuff Records is a reissue record label that was part of EMI, which is now owned by Universal Music Group and is based out of Santa Monica, California.
The modern convention for the land boundary between Asia and Africa runs along the Isthmus of Suez and the Suez Canal in Egypt. The border continues through the Gulf of Suez, Red Sea and Gulf of Aden. In antiquity, Egypt had been considered part of Asia, with the Catabathmus Magnus escarpment taken as the boundary with Africa (Libya).
The contest was won by Marie Myriam, representing France, with the song ``L'oiseau et l'enfant ''(The Bird and the Child). This was France's fifth victory, a record at the time (since equalled by Luxembourg and the United Kingdom, and surpassed by Ireland and Sweden). It was also France's second victory on English soil, as well as its most recent victory to date.
Gustav Albrecht Alfred Franz Friedrich Otto Emil Ernst, 5th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg, 28 February 1907 – 1944 (declared legally dead 29 November 1969) was Prince and head of the House of Sayn-Wittgenstein. He was the son of Richard, 4th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg.
Born in Green Bay, Wisconsin, Quinn was a realtor and served on the Green Bay Common Council, the Brown County, Wisconsin Board of Supervisors, the local Board of Education, and the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1955 until 1973. He was a Republican.
Windows NT is a family of operating systems produced by Microsoft, the first version of which was released on July 27, 1993. It is a processor-independent, multiprocessing and multi-user operating system.
To Catch a Killer is a two-part television film from 1992, directed by Eric Till and starring Brian Dennehy and Michael Riley. It is based on the true story of the pursuit of American serial killer John Wayne Gacy.
George Washington delivered the first regular annual message before a joint session of Congress on January 8, 1790, in New York City, then the provisional U.S. capital. In 1801, Thomas Jefferson discontinued the practice of delivering the address in person, regarding it as too monarchical (similar to the Speech from the Throne). Instead, the address was written and then sent to Congress to be read by a clerk until 1913 when Woodrow Wilson re-established the practice despite some initial controversy. However, there have been exceptions to this rule. Presidents during the latter half of the 20th century have sent written State of the Union addresses. The last President to do this was Jimmy Carter in 1981, after his defeat by Ronald Reagan and days before his term ended.
CJXY-FM is a Canadian radio station, broadcasting at 107.9 FM and serving the Hamilton, Ontario market, licensed to the nearby city of Burlington. The station broadcasts an active rock format as "Y108". CJXY's studios are located on Main Street West (next to Highway 403) in Hamilton, while its transmitter is located atop the Niagara Escarpment near Burlington.
By contrast, Tom Wolfe's Bonfire of the Vanities (1987) portrays a wealthy, white protagonist, Sherman McCoy, getting lost off the Major Deegan Expressway in the South Bronx and having an altercation with locals. A substantial piece of the last part of the book is set in the resulting riotous trial at the Bronx County Courthouse. However, times change, and in 2007, the New York Times reported that "the Bronx neighborhoods near the site of Sherman's accident are now dotted with townhouses and apartments." In the same article, the Reverend Al Sharpton (whose fictional analogue in the novel is "Reverend Bacon") asserts that "twenty years later, the cynicism of The Bonfire of the Vanities is as out of style as Tom Wolfe's wardrobe."
The Super Bowl MVP has been awarded annually since the game's inception in 1967. Through 1989, the award was presented by SPORT magazine. Bart Starr was the MVP of the first two Super Bowls. Since 1990, the award has been presented by the NFL. At Super Bowl XXV, the league first awarded the Pete Rozelle Trophy, named after former NFL commissioner Pete Rozelle, to the Super Bowl MVP. Ottis Anderson was the first to win the trophy. Most award winners have received cars from various sponsors. The most recent Super Bowl MVP, from Super Bowl LII held on February 4, 2018, is Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Nick Foles, who passed for 373 yards and three touchdowns and scored a fourth touchdown as a receiver, becoming the first player to both throw and catch a touchdown pass in a Super Bowl.
In Homer's Iliad, the names Danaans (or Danaoi: Δαναοί) and Argives (Argives: Αργείοι) are used to designate the Greek forces opposed to the Trojans. The myth of Danaus, whose origin is Egypt, is a foundation legend of Argos. His daughters Danaides, were forced in Tartarus to carry a jug to fill a bathtub without a bottom. This myth is connected with a task that can never be fulfilled (Sisyphos) and the name can be derived from the PIE root *danu: "river". There is not any satisfactory theory on their origin. Some scholars connect Danaans with the Denyen, one of the groups of the sea peoples who attacked Egypt during the reign of Ramesses III (1187-1156 BCE). The same inscription mentions the Weshesh who might have been the Achaeans. The Denyen seem to have been inhabitants of the city Adana in Cilicia. Pottery similar to that of Mycenae itself has been found in Tarsus of Cilicia and it seems that some refugees from the Aegean went there after the collapse of the Mycenean civilization. These Cilicians seem to have been called Dananiyim, the same word as Danaoi who attacked Egypt in 1191 BC along with the Quaouash (or Weshesh) who may be Achaeans. They were also called Danuna according to a Hittite inscription and the same name is mentioned in the Amarna letters. Julius Pokorny reconstructs the name from the PIE root da:-: "flow, river", da:-nu: "any moving liquid, drops", da: navo "people living by the river, Skyth. nomadic people (in Rigveda water-demons, fem.Da:nu primordial goddess), in Greek Danaoi, Egypt. Danuna". It is also possible that the name Danaans is pre-Greek. A country Danaja with a city Mukana (propaply: Mycenea) is mentioned in inscriptions from Egypt from Amenophis III (1390-1352 BC), Thutmosis III (1437 BC).
Better Living TV Theater was an early American television program originally broadcast on ABC and later on the now defunct DuMont Television Network. The documentary series, featuring moderator Fischer Black, ran from 1953 to 1954. The ABC version was a summer replacement series which aired on Sunday afternoons. The final ABC broadcast occurred on August 16, 1953.
Pete Rose holds the Major League record for most career hits, with 4,256. Rose and Ty Cobb are the only players with 4,000 career hits. George Davis was the first switch hitter to collect 2,000 hits, doing so during the 1902 season. Ichiro Suzuki is the current active leader.
Calando quietening Becoming softer and slower Crescendo growing Becoming louder Decrescendo shrinking Becoming softer Diminuendo dwindling Becoming softer Forte strong Loud Fortissimo very strong Very loud Marcato marked A note played forcefully Mezzo forte half - strong Moderately loud Piano gentle Soft Pianissimo very gentle Very soft Mezzo piano half - gentle Moderately soft Sforzando strained Sharply accented Stentato in the manner of Stentor Loud, boisterous Tremolo trembling A rapid repetitive variation in the volume (or pitch) of a tone Messa di voce placing the voice A style of singing involving changing volume while holding a single note
West Dallas Kings were an American soccer team, founded in 2001 by Michael Gordon, Reagan Angell, and David Angell, who were members of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, for only one season. Coached by Jim Benedek.
Other subjects that lent themselves to visual depiction included the name of battles (e.g. Trafalgar), explorers, local notables, discoveries, sporting heroes and members of the royal family. Some pub signs are in the form of a pictorial pun or rebus. For example, a pub in Crowborough, East Sussex called The Crow and Gate has an image of a crow with gates as wings.
Ivan Levaï (born 18 March 1937 in Budapest) is a journalist in France. He has occupied many positions in radio, television and press journalism. For several years he presented the review of the press in the morning news show on France Inter radio. As of 2011 he presents a press review on France Inter on Saturday and Sunday mornings.
The Canada -- United States border (French: Frontière entre le Canada et les États - Unis), officially known as the International Boundary, is the longest international border in the world between two countries. It is shared between Canada and the United States, the second - and fourth - largest countries by area, respectively. The terrestrial boundary (including portions of maritime boundaries in the Great Lakes, and on the Atlantic, Pacific, and Arctic coasts) is 8,891 kilometres (5,525 mi) long, of which 2,475 kilometres (1,538 mi) is Canada's border with Alaska. Eight Canadian provinces and territories (Yukon, British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Quebec, and New Brunswick), and thirteen U.S. states (Alaska, Washington, Idaho, Montana, North Dakota, Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine) are located along the border.
Richard Holman Hatch Jr (born April 8, 1961) is an American former reality television contestant. In 2000, he won the first season of the CBS reality series Survivor. He was a contestant on a subsequent All - Stars season of Survivor, on one season of Celebrity Apprentice, and on one season of The Biggest Loser.
Shirley Abicair was born in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Some sources show her year of birth as 1935, but a contemporary account shows she was 23 or 24 on arrival in Britain and, as she had completed tertiary studies in Australia, the earlier date seems more likely. She was the only daughter of a Wing Commander in the RAAF.
The Laotian diaspora consists of roughly 800,000 (2.5 million estimated 2018 by Seangdao Somsy LHK LLX) people, both descendants of early emigrants from Laos, as well as more recent refugees who escaped the country following its communist takeover as a result of the Laotian Civil War. The overwhelming majority of overseas Laotians live in just three countries: Thailand, the United States, and France.
In a sports league, the ranking of a team is the place where it is within the division. Generally, ranking is based on won-lost record of games, with the team with the best record at the top, and the worst record at the bottom. Another common method is a points-based ranking system, where a team is awarded a certain number of points per win, fewer points per tie, and none for a loss.
Phoenix (stylised as phoenıx) is a German free-to-air television channel which is operated jointly by public-service broadcasters ARD and ZDF. It broadcasts documentaries, news, special events coverage and discussion programmes. Phoenix's headquarters are in Bonn, the former West German capital.
Apur Panchali is a 2013 Bengali film directed by Kaushik Ganguly and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films. It is based on the life of Subir Banerjee, the actor who played Apu in "Pather Panchali" (1955), the first film of Satyajit Ray's Apu trilogy. Director Kaushik Ganguly won the award of best director for "Apur Panchali" in the 44th International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in November 2013. The director mentioned in an interview that he found similarities between certain parts of the life of Subir Banerjee and the iconic character Apu. The film uses several minutes of footage from "Pather Panchali" in its narrative.
The discovery of gold in Victoria in mid 1851 led to the Victorian gold rush, and Melbourne, which served as the major port and provided most services for the region, experienced rapid growth. Within months, the city's population had increased by nearly three-quarters, from 25,000 to 40,000 inhabitants. Thereafter, growth was exponential and by 1865, Melbourne had overtaken Sydney as Australia's most populous city. Additionally, Melbourne along with the Victorian regional cities of Ballarat and Geelong became the wealthiest cities in the world during the Gold Rush era.
Four people have won the award more than once: tennis player Andy Murray is the only person to have won the first place award three times (in addition to the Young Sports Personality and Team awards), while boxer Henry Cooper and Formula One drivers Nigel Mansell and Damon Hill have each won twice. Snooker player Steve Davis has finished in the top three a record five times. Jessica Ennis - Hill holds the record for most podiums without a win; having finished four times in the top three, after failing the make the shortlist for the 2016 award, having announced her retirement from athletics beforehand, Ennis - Hill is statistically the most successful sportsperson never to have won the award.
Facebook is a social networking service launched on February 4, 2004. It was founded by Mark Zuckerberg with his college roommate and fellow Harvard University student Eduardo Saverin. The website's membership was initially limited by the founders to Harvard students, but was expanded to other colleges in the Boston area, the Ivy League, and gradually most universities in the United States and Canada, corporations, and by September 2006, to everyone with a valid email address along with an age requirement of being 13 and older.
Delta Hardware is the twenty fourth studio album by blues harp player and vocalist Charlie Musselwhite. The album was released in 2006, on Real World Records. It is Musselwhite's second release on Real World Records, his first being Sanctuary in 2004. Musselwhite also plays electric guitar on "Town to Town".
The Mariana Trench or Marianas Trench is the deepest part of the world's oceans. It is located in the western Pacific Ocean, an average of 200 kilometres (124 mi) to the east of the Mariana Islands, in the Western Pacific East of Philippines. It is a crescent - shaped scar in the Earth's crust, and measures about 2,550 km (1,580 mi) long and 69 km (43 mi) wide on average. It reaches a maximum - known depth of 10,994 metres (36,070 ft) (± 40 metres (130 ft)) at a small slot - shaped valley in its floor known as the Challenger Deep, at its southern end, although some unrepeated measurements place the deepest portion at 11,034 metres (36,201 ft). For comparison - if Mount Everest were dropped into the trench at this point, its peak would still be over 1.6 kilometres (1 mi) underwater. In 2009, Marianas Trench was established as a United States National Monument.
In the American League, the New York Yankees have played in 40 World Series and won 27, the Philadelphia / Kansas City / Oakland Athletics have played in 14 and won 9, and the Boston Red Sox have played in 12 and won 8, including the first World Series. In the National League, the St. Louis Cardinals have appeared in 19 and won 11, the New York / San Francisco Giants have played in 20 and won 8, the Brooklyn / Los Angeles Dodgers have appeared in 19 and won 6, and the Cincinnati Reds have appeared in 9 and won 5.
The Patani United Liberation Organisation (Malay: Pertubuhan Pembebasan Bersatu Patani; abbreviated PULO) is a separatist insurgent group in Thailand, calling for an independent Patani. The PULO, along with others, is currently fighting for the independence of Thailand's predominantly Malay Muslim south.
, is a 1995 2D platform video game by Hudson Soft for Super Famicom. It is the sequel to "Super Bonk" in the "Bonk" series, and the only platform game in the series never to be released outside Japan.
La fida ninfa ("The Faithful Nymph") is an opera by Antonio Vivaldi to a libretto by Scipione Maffei. The opera was first performed for the opening of the Teatro Filarmonico in Verona on 6 January 1732. Among the arias is "Alma oppressa de sorte crudele" ("Soul oppressed by cruel fate").
There are differing accounts as to the origin of the Sri Lanka Matha. The most widely held view is that Sri Lankan composer Ananda Samarakoon wrote the music and lyrics to the song inspired / influenced by Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore. A minority suggest that Tagore wrote the anthem in full. Some have suggested that Tagore wrote the music whilst Samarakoon wrote the lyrics. Samarakoon had been a pupil of Tagore at Visva - Bharati University, Santiniketan. After returning to Ceylon Samarakoon taught music at Mahinda College, Galle. The song, which was then known as Namo Namo Mata, was first sung by students at Mahinda College. After it was sung by the choir from Musaeus College, Colombo at a public event it became hugely popular in Ceylon and was widely played on radio.
Syed Nomanul Haq (Nu'man al-Haqq) (; born February 15, 1948 in Karachi, Pakistan) is an international Pakistani scholar and intellectual historian noted especially for his contributions to the fields of Islamic history and Islamic philosophy. He is currently a faculty member at the Habib University, Karachi. In his career spanning twenty years, Haq has gained widespread repute for his teaching, publications and editorial and research work on the history and philosophy of science, postmodern philosophy, history of religion, history of art and history of literature, for which he has won multiple prizes and awards.
Dilla () is a market town and separate woreda in southern Ethiopia. The administrative center of the Gedeo Zone in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples Region (SNNPR), it is located on the main road from Addis Ababa to Nairobi. The town has a longitude and latitude of , with an elevation of 1570 meters above sea level. It was part of Wenago woreda and is currently surrounded by Dila Zuria woreda.
The 20th century British economist William Beveridge stated that an unemployment rate of 3% was full employment. For the United States, economist William T. Dickens found that full - employment unemployment rate varied a lot over time but equaled about 5.5 percent of the civilian labor force during the 2000s. Recently, economists have emphasized the idea that full employment represents a ``range ''of possible unemployment rates. For example, in 1999, in the United States, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) gives an estimate of the`` full - employment unemployment rate'' of 4 to 6.4%. This is the estimated unemployment rate at full employment, plus & minus the standard error of the estimate.
Melanie Hamilton Wilkes is a fictional character first appearing in the novel "Gone with the Wind" by Margaret Mitchell. In the 1939 film she was portrayed by Olivia de Havilland. Melanie is Scarlett O'Hara's sister-in-law and eventually her best friend.
Impeachment in the United States is an enumerated power of the legislature that allows formal charges to be brought against a civil officer of government for crimes alleged to have been committed. Most impeachments have concerned alleged crimes committed while in office, though there have been a few cases in which Congress has impeached and convicted officials partly for prior crimes. The actual trial on such charges, and subsequent removal of an official upon conviction, is separate from the act of impeachment itself. Impeachment proceedings have been initiated against several presidents of the United States. Andrew Johnson and Bill Clinton are the only two presidents to have been successfully impeached by the House of Representatives, and both were later acquitted by the Senate. The impeachment process against Richard Nixon was never completed, as Nixon resigned his office before the vote of the full House for impeachment, but such a vote was widely expected to pass, and the threat of it and a subsequent conviction in the Senate was the impetus for Nixon's departure. To date, no U.S. President has been removed from office by impeachment and conviction. The impeached official continues in office until conviction.
The Bourne Legacy is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by Tony Gilroy, and is the fourth installment in the series of films adapted from the "Jason Bourne" novels originated by Robert Ludlum and continued by Eric Van Lustbader, being preceded by "The Bourne Identity" (2002), "The Bourne Supremacy" (2004), and "The Bourne Ultimatum" (2007). Although this film has the same title as Van Lustbader's first "Bourne" novel, "The Bourne Legacy", the actual screenplay bears little resemblance to the novel. Unlike the novel, which features Jason Bourne as the principal character, the film centers on black ops agent Aaron Cross (played by Jeremy Renner), an original character. In addition to Renner, the film stars Rachel Weisz and Edward Norton.
The Attorney General for India is the Indian government's chief legal advisor, and is primary lawyer in the Supreme Court of India. He can be said to be the lawyer from government's side. He is appointed by the President of India under Article 76(1) of the Constitution and holds office during the pleasure of the President. He must be a person qualified to be appointed as a Judge of the Supreme Court (He must have been a judge of some high court for five years or an advocate of some high court for ten years or an eminent jurist, in the opinion of the President and must be a citizen of India.)
The Battle of Lundby happened south of Lundby in northeast Himmerland on the 3 July 1864 in the Second War of Schleswig. A Danish company of the First Regiment tried a head-on bayonet charge down a long hillside, but stopped 20 meters in front of the earth dike that the Prussians lay in cover behind. This battle was the last in the Second War of Schleswig, and resulted in great Danish losses.
Detroit (/dᵻˈtrɔɪt/) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan, the fourth-largest city in the Midwest and the largest city on the United States–Canada border. It is the seat of Wayne County, the most populous county in the state. Detroit's metropolitan area, known as Metro Detroit, is home to 5.3 million people, making it the fourteenth-most populous metropolitan area in the United States and the second-largest in the Midwestern United States (behind Chicago). It is a major port on the Detroit River, a strait that connects the Great Lakes system to the Saint Lawrence Seaway. The City of Detroit anchors the second-largest economic region in the Midwest, behind Chicago, and the thirteenth-largest in the United States.
Upon listening to the finished tracks, the members selected guest appearances they felt would work with the songs. The group ``aim (ed) for the stars ''on its choices of collaborators, with Wentz stating,`` I want to bring in people who no one would expect... This year it's like, we made some new friends, like Lil Wayne. Or let's get Jay - Z on there.'' Wentz commented on working with Jay - Z, saying ``It was insane. We called him up and thought we were gon na talk to his assistant. Then he answers the phone, like, 'Yo, this is Hov,' and we were like, 'Um...' It just happened like that. And it was pretty crazy. ''Jay - Z recorded his introduction to the album's opening song`` Thriller'' while on tour in Australia and sent it to the band, who later put the vocal on the album. At a fashion show in Los Angeles, Wentz met rapper Kanye West, who invited Wentz and Stump to his home to share new music. West then agreed to create a remix of ``This Ai n't a Scene, It's an Arms Race ''three weeks before the scheduled release of the album. The band was unable to include the remix on the album due to time constraints, but a remix of West's version featuring Lil Wayne, Lupe Fiasco, Travis McCoy, Paul Wall and Tyga was released in July 2007.
"Union Maid" is a union song, with lyrics written by Woody Guthrie in response to a request for a union song from a female point of view. The melody is the 1907 standard "Red Wing" by Kerry Mills, which was in turn adapted from Robert Schumann's piano composition "The Happy Farmer, Returning From Work" in his 1848 Album for the Young, Opus 68.
Koh Sotin District () is a district ("srok") located in Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia. The district capital is Chi Haer town located around 10 kilometres south of the provincial capital of Kampong Cham by water, but some 42 kilometres by road. The district borders on the southern bank of the Mekong River and includes the islands of Koh Sothin and Koh Mitt in its area.
The Mallee and upper Wimmera are Victoria's warmest regions with hot winds blowing from nearby semi-deserts. Average temperatures exceed 32 °C (90 °F) during summer and 15 °C (59 °F) in winter. Except at cool mountain elevations, the inland monthly temperatures are 2–7 °C (4–13 °F) warmer than around Melbourne (see chart). Victoria's highest maximum temperature since World War II, of 48.8 °C (119.8 °F) was recorded in Hopetoun on 7 February 2009, during the 2009 southeastern Australia heat wave.
Seth MacFarlane played Tim the Bear up until season 3 episode 10, which MacFarlane admits is a ``Steve Martin impression (...) a Wild and Crazy Guy impression ''. Jess Harnell voices Tim from season 3 episode 11 onwards.
Provincia Ivdaea Province of the Roman Empire ← 6 CE -- 135 CE → Capital Caesarea Maritima 32 ° 30 ′ N 34 ° 54 ′ E ﻿ / ﻿ 32.500 ° N 34.900 ° E ﻿ / 32.500; 34.900 Coordinates: 32 ° 30 ′ N 34 ° 54 ′ E ﻿ / ﻿ 32.500 ° N 34.900 ° E ﻿ / 32.500; 34.900 Prefects before 41, Procurators after 44 6 -- 9 CE Coponius 26 -- 36 CE Pontius Pilate 64 -- 66 CE Gessius Florus 117 CE Lusius Quietus 130 -- 132 CE Tineius Rufus King of the Jews 41 -- 44 Agrippa I 48 -- 93 / 100 Agrippa II Legislature Synedrion / Sanhedrin Historical era Roman Principate Census of Quirinius 6 CE Crisis under Caligula 37 -- 41 CE Incorporation of Galilee and Peraea 44 CE Destruction of the Second Temple August 4, 70 CE Governor of praetorian rank & given the 10th Legion c. 74 CE Bar Kokhba revolt 132 -- 135 CE 135 CE Today part of Israel Jordan West Bank Before August 4, 70 is referred to as Second Temple Judaism, from which the Tannaim and Early Christianity emerged.
In New Zealand, the Speaker of the House of Representatives (Māori: Te Mana Whakawā o te Whare) is the individual who chairs the country's legislative body, the New Zealand House of Representatives. The individual who holds the position is elected by members of the House from among their number in the first session after each general election. The current Speaker is Trevor Mallard, who was initially elected on 7 November 2017.
In 1995, the Institute of International Law at the University of Kiel was renamed the Walther Schücking Institute of International Law in his honor.
Jagged is the fifteenth solo studio album by English musician Gary Numan, his first original album in over five years, following "Pure" in 2000. Stylistically "Jagged" was a development of its predecessor's chorus-driven, anthemic industrial sound, utilising heavier electronics and more prominent live drumming. Although reaction to the new record was predominantly positive, critical opinion was more heavily divided than had been the case with the almost universal praise enjoyed by "Pure". Reaching number 59 in the UK album charts, "Jagged" charted no higher than the earlier release, some commentators and fans regarding the long time between albums as a missed opportunity for consolidation in the wake of "Pure"'s reception and the number 13 UK chart position attained by Numan's 2003 single with Rico, "Crazier". "Jagged" was the first album issued on Numan's own Mortal Records label, licensed to Cooking Vinyl. The US release, on Metropolis Records, included an alternate mix of "Fold" as a bonus track. In April Numan embarked on a tour of the UK, Europe and North America to promote the album.
Burgh (2006), suggests that the roots of Western classical music ultimately lie in ancient Egyptian art music via cheironomy and the ancient Egyptian orchestra, which dates to 2695 BC. This was followed by early Christian liturgical music, which itself dates back to the Ancient Greeks[citation needed]. The development of individual tones and scales was made by ancient Greeks such as Aristoxenus and Pythagoras. Pythagoras created a tuning system and helped to codify musical notation. Ancient Greek instruments such as the aulos (a reed instrument) and the lyre (a stringed instrument similar to a small harp) eventually led to the modern-day instruments of a classical orchestra. The antecedent to the early period was the era of ancient music before the fall of the Roman Empire (476 AD). Very little music survives from this time, most of it from ancient Greece.
Alan O'Neill (born 27 August 1973) is an Irish former professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham City. He also played in Ireland.
Some critics express the opinion that it is only from the mid-19th century, and especially in the 20th century, that the score began to hold such a high significance. Previously, improvisation (in preludes, cadenzas and ornaments), rhythmic flexibility (e.g., tempo rubato), improvisatory deviation from the score and oral tradition of playing was integral to the style. Yet in the 20th century, this oral tradition and passing on of stylistic features within classical music disappeared. Instead, musicians tend to use just the score to play music. Yet, even with the score providing the key elements of the music, there is considerable controversy about how to perform the works. Some of this controversy relates to the fact that this score-centric approach has led to performances that emphasize metrically strict block-rhythms (just as the music is notated in the score).
Elsa Brändström was born in Saint Petersburg, Russia. She was the daughter of the Military Attaché at the Swedish Embassy, Edvard Brändström (1850-1921) and his wife Anna Wilhelmina Eschelsson (1855-1913). In 1891, when Elsa was three years old, Edvard Brändström and his family returned to Sweden. In 1906, Brändström, now a General, became the Swedish Ambassador at the court of Tsar Nicholas II and returned to St Petersburg.
The Leroy P. Steele Prizes are awarded every year by the American Mathematical Society, for distinguished research work and writing in the field of mathematics. Since 1993 there has been a formal division into three categories.
While Blacks/African-Americans comprised only 13 percent of Michigan's population in 2010, they made up nearly 82 percent of Detroit's population. The next largest population groups were Whites, at 10 percent, and Hispanics, at 6 percent. According to the 2010 Census, segregation in Detroit has decreased in absolute and in relative terms. In the first decade of the 21st century, about two-thirds of the total black population in metropolitan area resided within the city limits of Detroit. The number of integrated neighborhoods has increased from 100 in 2000 to 204 in 2010. The city has also moved down the ranking, from number one most segregated to number four. A 2011 op-ed in The New York Times attributed the decreased segregation rating to the overall exodus from the city, cautioning that these areas may soon become more segregated. This pattern already happened in the 1970s, when apparent integration was actually a precursor to white flight and resegregation. Over a 60-year period, white flight occurred in the city. According to an estimate of the Michigan Metropolitan Information Center, from 2008 to 2009 the percentage of non-Hispanic White residents increased from 8.4% to 13.3%. Some empty nesters and many younger White people moved into the city while many African Americans moved to the suburbs.
PK Park is named after former Oregon athletic director Pat Kilkenny, whose donations helped to fund the stadium. Designed by sport architect DLR Group, PK Park has 3,000 fixed seats in the main seating bowl and a total capacity of 4,000 spectators. Fan amenities include a video board, landscaped areas for hospitality, a tiered party plaza called "Fowl Territory", a picnic plaza, and eight upper level suites. It is located just east of Autzen Stadium; the baseball park was built on the northeast section of the football stadium's parking lot.
One of the first competitions he won was the Junior Mr. Europe contest in 1965. He won Mr. Europe the following year, at age 19. He would go on to compete in, and win, many bodybuilding contests. His bodybuilding victories included five Mr. Universe (4 – NABBA [England], 1 – IFBB [USA]) wins, and seven Mr. Olympia wins, a record which would stand until Lee Haney won his eighth consecutive Mr. Olympia title in 1991.
A male donkey or ass is called a jack, a female a jenny or jennet; a young donkey is a foal. Jack donkeys are often used to mate with female horses to produce mules; the biological ``reciprocal ''of a mule, from a stallion and jenny as its parents instead, is called a hinny.
He studied mathematics and physics at the Charles University in Prague, and after graduating he became an assistant to professor Ernst Mach. After obtaining his doctorate in Prague in 1873/1874 he came to Zagreb (at the time also part of Austria-Hungary) and founded the Physics Cabinet at the Faculty of Philosophy in 1875.
The first World Cup was organised in England in June 1975, with the first ODI cricket match having been played only four years earlier. However, a separate Women's Cricket World Cup had been held two years before the first men's tournament, and a tournament involving multiple international teams had been held as early as 1912, when a triangular tournament of Test matches was played between Australia, England and South Africa. The first three World Cups were held in England. From the 1987 tournament onwards, hosting has been shared between countries under an unofficial rotation system, with fourteen ICC members having hosted at least one match in the tournament.
Johan Henri Eliza Ferrier (12 May 1910 – 4 January 2010) was a Surinamese politician who served as the 1st President of Suriname from 25 November 1975 to 13 August 1980. He was that country's last governor before independence, from 1968 to 1975, and first president after it gained independence from the Netherlands.
Kerteminde Fjord is a fjord of northeastern Funen, Denmark, south of the Odense Fjord. The fjord is accessed through the narrow passage of Gabets, between Hals and Skoven, and is connected by canal to the Port of Odense. It lies inland from the town of Kerteminde. The villages of Kertinge and Kolstrup are on the southeastern shore and Munkebo is to the north.
The film tells the story of Charlie Bucket (Peter Ostrum) as he receives a Golden Ticket and visits Willy Wonka's chocolate factory with four other children from around the world. Filming took place in Munich in 1970, and the film was released by Paramount Pictures on June 30, 1971. With a budget of just $3 million, the film received generally positive reviews and earned $4 million by the end of its original run. Paramount distributed the film until 1977, and beginning in the 1980s, Warner Bros. assumed control of the rights for home entertainment purposes. The film then made an additional $21 million during its re-release by Warner Bros. under its Family Entertainment banner in 1996. The film became highly popular in part through repeated television airings and home entertainment sales. In 1972, the film received an Academy Award nomination for Best Original Score, and Wilder was nominated for a Golden Globe as Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy, but lost both to Fiddler on the Roof. The film also introduced the song ``The Candy Man '', which went on to become a popular hit when recorded by Sammy Davis Jr. In 2014, the film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being`` culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant''.
Sky Mirror is a public sculpture by artist Anish Kapoor. Commissioned by the Nottingham Playhouse, it is installed outside the theatre in Wellington Circus, Nottingham, England. "Sky Mirror" is a -wide concave dish of polished stainless steel weighing and angled up towards the sky. Its surface reflects the ever-changing environment.
``All I Want Is You ''is the final song on U2's 1988 album, Rattle and Hum, and was released on 13 June 1989 as the album's fourth and final single. It is the closing song from the film, Rattle and Hum. String arrangements on the song are by Van Dyke Parks.
The Soviet Union created the Eastern Bloc of countries that it occupied, annexing some as Soviet Socialist Republics and maintaining others as satellite states that would later form the Warsaw Pact. The United States and various western European countries began a policy of "containment" of communism and forged myriad alliances to this end, including NATO. Several of these western countries also coordinated efforts regarding the rebuilding of western Europe, including western Germany, which the Soviets opposed. In other regions of the world, such as Latin America and Southeast Asia, the Soviet Union fostered communist revolutionary movements, which the United States and many of its allies opposed and, in some cases, attempted to "roll back". Many countries were prompted to align themselves with the nations that would later form either NATO or the Warsaw Pact, though other movements would also emerge.
Tiny Furniture is a 2010 American independent comedy-drama film written, directed by, and starring Lena Dunham. The film premiered at South by Southwest, where it won the award for Best Narrative Feature, screened at such festivals as Maryland Film Festival, and was released theatrically in the United States on November 12, 2010. Dunham’s own mother, the artist Laurie Simmons, plays Aura’s mother, while her real sister, Grace, plays Aura’s on-screen sibling. The actors Jemima Kirke and Alex Karpovsky would also appear in Dunham's television series "Girls".
Rajon Pierre Rondo (born February 22, 1986) is an American professional basketball player for the New Orleans Pelicans of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a four - time NBA All - Star, and a four - time NBA All - Defensive Team member. He also led the NBA in steals during the 2009 -- 10 season, and assists during the 2011 -- 12, 2012 -- 13 and 2015 -- 16 seasons. He began his professional career with the Boston Celtics, winning an NBA championship in 2008. He ranks fourth in Celtic history in assists, and third in steals. He briefly played for the Dallas Mavericks during the 2014 -- 15 season before joining the Sacramento Kings in 2015 and the Chicago Bulls in 2016.
Perfect Night: Live in London is an acoustic live album by Lou Reed recorded during the Meltdown '97 festival. It includes a version of the Velvet Underground's "I'll Be Your Mirror", originally sung by Nico. The album includes two songs, "Talking Book" and "Into The Divine" from the 1996 play "Time Rocker" Lou's collaboration with Robert Wilson (direction and design), and Darryl Pinckney (text). The cover photograph was taken by Timothy Greenfield-Sanders. In Australia, the 2-CD tour edition of Reed's album "Ecstasy" included "Perfect Night" as the second disc.
Jean Hengen (23 November 1912 – 29 January 2005) was a Luxembourgian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Luxembourg from 13 February 1971 until 21 December 1990, whereupon Luxembourg was created an Archbishopric, and thereafter he served as Archbishop of Luxembourg. Hengen was inducted into the Order of the Oak Crown as a Grand Officer on 23 June 1981.
The French and Indian War (1754–1763) was the North American theater of the worldwide Seven Years' War. The war was fought between the colonies of British America and New France, with both sides supported by military units from their parent countries of Great Britain and France, as well as Native American allies. At the start of the war, the French North American colonies had a population of roughly 60,000 European settlers, compared with 2 million in the British North American colonies. The outnumbered French particularly depended on the Indians. Long in conflict, the metropole nations declared war on each other in 1756, escalating the war from a regional affair into an intercontinental conflict.
Ann Arbor is a major scene of college sports, most notably at the University of Michigan, a member of the Big Ten Conference. Several well-known college sports facilities exist in the city, including Michigan Stadium, the largest American football stadium in the world. The stadium was completed in 1927 and cost more than $950,000 to build. It has a 109,901 seating capacity after multiple renovations were made. The stadium is colloquially known as "The Big House". Crisler Center and Yost Ice Arena play host to the school's basketball (both men's and women's) and ice hockey teams, respectively. Concordia University, a member of the NAIA, also fields sports teams.
Anthony "Tony" Zielinski is an American politician, currently serving as Milwaukee's Fourteenth District Alderman on the Milwaukee, Wisconsin Common Council. Zielinski was first elected to the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors in 1988 and was re-elected in 1992, 1996, and 2000. Tony Zielinski was first elected to the Common Council in April 2004, and he won re-election in April 2008 with 84% of the vote.
Attics to Eden is the second studio album by American band Madina Lake. It was released on 1 May 2009 in Australia, 4 May in the UK and 5 May 2009 in the United States. The track listing was announced in January 2009 by the British music magazine, "Kerrang".
In 1984, each league had two divisions, East and West. The divisional winners met in a best-of-5 series to advance to the World Series, in a "2–3" format, first two games were played at the home of the team who did not have home field advantage. Then the last three games were played at the home of the team, with home field advantage. Thus the first two games were played at Wrigley Field and the next three at the home of their opponents, San Diego. A common and unfounded myth is that since Wrigley Field did not have lights at that time the National League decided to give the home field advantage to the winner of the NL West. In fact, home field advantage had rotated between the winners of the East and West since 1969 when the league expanded. In even numbered years, the NL West had home field advantage. In odd numbered years, the NL East had home field advantage. Since the NL East winners had had home field advantage in 1983, the NL West winners were entitled to it.
This contrasts with the presidential system, in which the president (or equivalent) is both the head of state and the head of the government. In some presidential or semi-presidential systems, such as those of France, Russia or South Korea, the prime minister is an official generally appointed by the president but usually approved by the legislature and responsible for carrying out the directives of the president and managing the civil service. The head of government of the People's Republic of China is referred to as the Premier of the State Council and the premier of the Republic of China (Taiwan) is also appointed by the president, but requires no approval by the legislature.
When a country's capital or labour resources are employed outside its borders, or when a foreign firm is operating in its territory, GDP and GNP can produce different measures of total output. In 2009 for instance, the United States estimated its GDP at $14.119 trillion, and its GNP at $14.265 trillion.
Del Moral modernized curricula during his time as director of the Faculty of Architecture (UNAM) (1944–1949), incorporating philosophies acquired from like-minded architects such as Mies van der Rohe at the Illinois Institute of Technology as well as Mexican philosophy on esthetic espoused by Dr. Jose Gaos in the Faculty of Philosophy and Literature (UNAM). He dedicated a large amount of his academic life to lecturing both domestically and abroad, and published books and essays on the evolution of architectural styles. He theorized about functionalism in Mexico and debated controversial issues of his time, such as the integration of plastic arts into architecture, and promoted the conservation of cities, approaching architecture in a way that could find balance between traditional and modern styles.
The large magnitude of solar energy available makes it a highly appealing source of electricity. The United Nations Development Programme in its 2000 World Energy Assessment found that the annual potential of solar energy was 1,575–49,837 exajoules (EJ). This is several times larger than the total world energy consumption, which was 559.8 EJ in 2012.
"My Moment" is a song by American recording artist Rebecca Black. It is a self-empowerment follow-up song to her first single "Friday", addressed to the "haters" who criticized her previous release. The song was written and produced by Brandon "Blue" Hamilton and Quinton Tolbert, and co-produced by Charlton Pettus. It was released on the iTunes Store under the label RB Records as Black's second single on July 19, 2011. RB Records was established by Black herself, after disputes over ownership and distribution of her previous single, "Friday".
Jenna - Louise Coleman (born 27 April 1986), professionally known as Jenna Coleman, is an English actress and model. Notable for her work in British television, she is best known for her roles as Jasmine Thomas in the soap opera Emmerdale (2005 -- 2009), Clara Oswald, companion to the Eleventh and Twelfth Doctors in the science fiction series Doctor Who (2012 -- 2015, 2017) and Queen Victoria in the ITV biographical drama series Victoria (2016 -- present).
Thomas John Mitchell (July 11, 1892 -- December 17, 1962) was an American actor. Among his most famous roles in a long career are those of Gerald O'Hara in Gone with the Wind, Doc Boone in Stagecoach, Uncle Billy in It's a Wonderful Life and Mayor Jonas Henderson in High Noon. Mitchell was the first male actor to win an Oscar, an Emmy, and a Tony Award.
"The Times of India" gave movie 3/5 stars, stating "Like all films that talk of reforming society, Anil Sharma's "Singh Saab the Great" has its heart in the correct place. Sunny Deol's earnestness shines, throughout the duration of this melodrama". Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave a 3.5/5 star rating and wrote ""Singh Saab the Great" is a typical Sunny Deol film that a section of the audience still enjoys. The clapworthy dialogue, the raw appeal, the undercurrent of emotions and of course, the "dhaai kilo ka haath" should appeal to those who relish "desi" fares, especially the single screen audience".
Pilot was the name of the first generation of personal digital assistants manufactured by Palm Computing in 1996 (by then a division of U.S. Robotics).
The General William C. Westmoreland Bridge connects the city of North Charleston with the West Ashley area of Charleston in South Carolina. Composed of twin spans, it carries two lanes of Interstate 526 in each direction across the Ashley River and the surrounding marshes. It is often referred to as simply the "Westmoreland Bridge".
Tricolor TV is the Russia’s largest satellite TV, and most quickly growing satellite TV in the world. As for beginning of August 2010, over 6.5 millions of families were among its subscribers, i.e. around 80% from the total number of Russian digital TV users. Tricolor TV subscribers are connected and served based on CMW developed by General Satellite. General Satellite Corporation is developer and producer of set-top boxes for this project as well.
Admiral Pauli Juhani Kaskeala (born 26 July 1946, Kuopio) is a senior Finnish admiral and was Chief of Defence of the Finnish Defence Forces from 2001 to August 1, 2009.
Alson Jenness Streeter (January 18, 1823 – November 24, 1901) was an American farmer, miner and politician who was the Union Labor Party nominee in the United States presidential election of 1888. Streeter, alongside his vice presidential running mate Charles E. Cunningham of Arkansas, finished fourth in a field of six in the election, garnering 149,115 votes or 1.31 percent of the nationwide total.
Cultural imperialism is when a country's influence is felt in social and cultural circles, i.e. its soft power, such that it changes the moral, cultural and societal worldview of another. This is more than just "foreign" music, television or film becoming popular with young people, but that popular culture changing their own expectations of life and their desire for their own country to become more like the foreign country depicted. For example, depictions of opulent American lifestyles in the soap opera Dallas during the Cold War changed the expectations of Romanians; a more recent example is the influence of smuggled South Korean drama series in North Korea. The importance of soft power is not lost on authoritarian regimes, fighting such influence with bans on foreign popular culture, control of the internet and unauthorised satellite dishes etc. Nor is such a usage of culture recent, as part of Roman imperialism local elites would be exposed to the benefits and luxuries of Roman culture and lifestyle, with the aim that they would then become willing participants.
Beyoncé Giselle Knowles was born in Houston, Texas, to Celestine Ann "Tina" Knowles (née Beyincé), a hairdresser and salon owner, and Mathew Knowles, a Xerox sales manager. Beyoncé's name is a tribute to her mother's maiden name. Beyoncé's younger sister Solange is also a singer and a former member of Destiny's Child. Mathew is African-American, while Tina is of Louisiana Creole descent (with African, Native American, French, Cajun, and distant Irish and Spanish ancestry). Through her mother, Beyoncé is a descendant of Acadian leader Joseph Broussard. She was raised in a Methodist household.
Dark Side of the Spoon is the seventh studio album by American industrial metal band Ministry, released on June 8, 1999 by Warner Bros. Records. "Bad Blood" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2000.
FontForge is a font editor which supports many common font formats. Developed primarily by George Williams until 2012, FontForge is free software and is distributed under a mix of the GNU General Public License Version 3 and the 3-clause BSD license. It is available for operating systems including Linux, Windows and macOS and is localized into 12 languages.
Got It If You Want It is the third studio album by English rock band 22-20s It is the second to be released since the band reformed and features second guitar Dan Hare and was released in Japan on 7 March 2012 on the Yoshimoto R and C label. Although still signed to TBD Records in the US, the album remains unreleased outside Japan, where it was released in standard and deluxe formats. Shortly after the release of the album in Japan, guitarist Dan Hare left the band.
``Flower of Scotland ''has been used since 1990 as Scotland's unofficial national anthem. It was written by Roy Williamson of The Corries in 1967, and adopted by the SRU to replace`` God Save the Queen''. In the first year of using ``Flower of Scotland ''as an anthem, Scotland walked onto the pitch at the beginning of the Five Nations Championship deciding match against England. This combination was explosive and Scotland went on to beat England 13 -- 7 and win the Five Nations Championship with a Grand Slam.
``Boom Boom ''is a song written by American blues singer / guitarist John Lee Hooker and recorded in 1961. Although a blues song, music critic Charles Shaar Murray calls it`` the greatest pop song he ever wrote''. ``Boom Boom ''was both an American R&B and pop chart success in 1962 as well as placing in the UK Singles Chart in 1992.
The 2017 NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Tournament was played from Friday, March 17 to Sunday, April 2, 2017, with the Final Four played at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas on March 31 and April 2. This was the first time that the women's Final Four was played in Dallas and the first time since 2002 that the Final Four games were played on Friday and Sunday, rather than Sunday and Tuesday. South Carolina defeated Mississippi State to win the championship.
On April 14, 2009, Windows XP exited mainstream support and entered the Extended support phase; Microsoft continued to provide security updates every month for Windows XP; however, free technical support, warranty claims, and design changes were no longer being offered. Extended support ended on April 8, 2014, over 12 years since the release of XP; normally Microsoft products have a support life cycle of only 10 years. Beyond the final security updates released on April 8, no more security patches or support information are provided for XP free - of - charge; ``critical patches ''will still be created, and made available only to customers subscribing to a paid`` Custom Support'' plan. As it is a Windows component, all versions of Internet Explorer for Windows XP also became unsupported.
CILB-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting a classic hits format at 103.5 FM in Lac La Biche, Alberta. The station is branded as boom 103.5 and was owned by Newcap Broadcasting until they were bought out by Stingray Digital.
The Battle of Dinwiddie Court House was fought on March 31, 1865, during the American Civil War at the end of the Richmond-Petersburg Campaign and in the beginning stage of the Appomattox Campaign. Along with the Battle of White Oak Road which was fought simultaneously on March 31, the battle involved the last offensive action by General Robert E. Lee's Confederate Army of Northern Virginia attempting to stop the progress of Lieutenant General Ulysses S. Grant's Union Army (Army of the Potomac, Army of the Shenandoah and Army of the James). Grant's forces were moving to cut the remaining Confederate supply lines and to force the Confederates to extend their defensive lines at Petersburg, Virginia and Richmond, Virginia to the breaking point, if not to force them into a decisive open field battle.
Thomas Randolph (~1683 – 1729), also known as Thomas Randolph of Tuckahoe, was the first settler at Tuckahoe, a member of the Virginia House of Burgesses, and the second child of William Randolph and Mary Isham.
Elizabeth of York was born at the Palace of Westminster as the eldest child of King Edward IV and his wife, Elizabeth Woodville. Her christening was celebrated at Westminster Abbey, sponsored by her grandmothers, Jacquetta of Luxembourg, Duchess of Bedford, and Cecily Neville, Duchess of York. Her third sponsor was her cousin Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick.
EtherApe is a packet sniffer/network traffic monitoring tool, developed for Unix. EtherApe is free, open source software developed under the GNU General Public License.
When Emperor Kammu moved the capital to Heian-kyō (Kyōto), which remained the imperial capital for the next 1,000 years, he did so not only to strengthen imperial authority but also to improve his seat of government geopolitically. Nara was abandoned after only 70 years in part due to the ascendancy of Dōkyō and the encroaching secular power of the Buddhist institutions there. Kyōto had good river access to the sea and could be reached by land routes from the eastern provinces. The early Heian period (784–967) continued Nara culture; the Heian capital was patterned on the Chinese Tang capital at Chang'an, as was Nara, but on a larger scale than Nara. Kammu endeavoured to improve the Tang-style administrative system which was in use. Known as the ritsuryō, this system attempted to recreate the Tang imperium in Japan, despite the "tremendous differences in the levels of development between the two countries". Despite the decline of the Taika-Taihō reforms, imperial government was vigorous during the early Heian period. Indeed, Kammu's avoidance of drastic reform decreased the intensity of political struggles, and he became recognized as one of Japan's most forceful emperors.
Brasília has also been the focus of modern-day literature. Published in 2008, The World In Grey: Dom Bosco's Prophecy, by author Ryan J. Lucero, tells an apocalypticle story based on the famous prophecy from the late 19th century by the Italian saint Don Bosco. According to Don Bosco's prophecy: "Between parallels 15 and 20, around a lake which shall be formed; A great civilization will thrive, and that will be the Promised Land." Brasília lies between the parallels 15° S and 20° S, where an artificial lake (Paranoá Lake) was formed. Don Bosco is Brasília's patron saint.
Kenneth Alexander Satterfield (born April 10, 1981) is an American professional basketball player, formerly in the NBA. He played for the Cincinnati Bearcats beginning in 1999. In 2001, after a successful sophomore season, he bolted for the NBA, being drafted 53rd overall (2nd round) by the Dallas Mavericks of the 2001 NBA draft. He played for the Denver Nuggets (2001–2002) and the Philadelphia 76ers (December 2002 – 2003).
The Grans Brewery (Grans Bryggeri AS) is a brewery founded in 1899 in Sandefjord, Norway. The bane was "Sandefjord Bryggeri og Mineralvandfabrik A/S" until 1965. After two generations of Guttorm Gran (senior and junior) in the management, Trygve Christophersen was employed as CEO in 2001.
No. 32 (The Royal) Squadron of the Royal Air Force maintains a fleet of comprising of an Agusta A109 SP helicopter and four BAE - 146 regional airliners to support travel by the Royal Family, the Prime Minister and senior members of the British Government, secondary to their military duties.
The Avengers fight amongst themselves when Stark secretly uploads J.A.R.V.I.S. -- who is still operational after hiding from Ultron inside the Internet -- into the synthetic body. Thor returns to help activate the body, explaining that the gem on its brow -- one of the six Infinity Stones, the most powerful objects in existence -- was part of his vision. This ``Vision ''and the Maximoffs accompany the Avengers to Sokovia, where Ultron has used the remaining vibranium to build a machine to lift a large part of the capital city skyward, intending to crash it into the ground to cause global extinction. Banner rescues Romanoff, who awakens the Hulk for the battle. The Avengers fight Ultron's army while Fury arrives in a Helicarrier with Maria Hill, James Rhodes and S.H.I.E.L.D. agents to evacuate civilians. Pietro dies when he shields Barton from gunfire, and a vengeful Wanda abandons her post to destroy Ultron's primary body, which allows one of his drones to activate the machine. The city plummets, but Stark and Thor overload the machine and shatter the landmass. In the aftermath, the Hulk, unwilling to endanger Romanoff by being with her, departs in a Quinjet, while the Vision confronts and seemingly destroys Ultron's last remaining body.
She was a student at the Rysensteen Gymnasium in Copenhagen in 1944 and entered film in 1955. She also worked extensively in Danish theatre and appeared in the Danish TV series Huset på Christianshavn as Emma from 1970 to 1977.
Sleaszy Rider Records is an independent record label which was founded in 1999 by Tolis G. Palantzas. The head office of the label is located in Greece. The label is mainly distributed in Europe by Sony Music/EMI. The label also distributes releases in Greece from numerous labels, including Roadrunner Records, SPV, and Pagan Records.
As of the census of 2010, there were 1,963 people, 770 households, and 505 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,443.4 inhabitants per square mile (557.3/km2). There were 830 housing units at an average density of 610.3 per square mile (235.6/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 97.0% White, 0.3% African American, 0.6% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0.8% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.5% of the population.
Bullets Over Summer is a 1999 Hong Kong action film directed by Wilson Yip and starring Francis Ng and Louis Koo. For their performances in the film, Ng and Law Lan were awarded Best Actor and Best Actress respectively at the 6th Hong Kong Film Critics Society Awards while Law was also awarded Best Actress at the 19th Hong Kong Film Awards and Best Supporting Actress at the 5th Golden Bauhinia Awards.
The Vancouver Courier is a Canadian semiweekly local newspaper published in Vancouver, British Columbia, by the Van-Net chain owned by Glacier Media Group. Currently, it is Canada's largest distributed community newspaper, with a weekly distribution of 265,000. The circulation estimate includes The "Vancouver Courier", The "Vancouver Courier Downtown", and the "Vancouver Courier Westside", and The "Vancouver Courier Eastside" on Wednesdays.
The Taifa of Menorca was a medieval taifa kingdom, which existed from 1228 until 1287, when the Crown of Aragon conquered it.
Dominique Loiseau (16 February 1949 – 18 September 2013) was a French and Swiss watchmaker who worked at the highest levels of complex horology from the mid 1970s onwards He was the creator of several notable timepieces, including six Montres de Sables, the Rose de Temps clock, the Renaissance or Capriccio pocket watches and the Blancpain 1735 wristwatch. In 2011 he presented, the Loiseau 1f4, one of the most complicated automatic watches with eight patents. Loiseau announced in 2012 a collaboration with Swiss watch manufacturer Girard-Perregaux.
The Kraai River originates in the mountains south of Lesotho and flows westward from the confluence of the Bell River and the Sterkspruit at Moshesh's Ford at all the way to Aliwal North, where it joins the Orange River at .
KFRU (1400 AM) is a radio station located in Columbia, Missouri, broadcasting with 1 kW of power. Its programming format consists primarily of news, talk and sports. The station is licensed to Cumulus Media.
Baron Rodolphe d'Erlanger (b. Boulogne-Billancourt, France, June 7, 1872; d. Tunis, October 29, 1932) was a French painter and musicologist specializing in Arabic music. He studied in Paris and London. He wrote the six-volume work, "La Musique Arabe" (1930-1959).
Sports Personality of the Year was created by Paul Fox, who thought of the idea while he was editor of the magazine show Sportsview. The first award ceremony took place in 1954 as part of Sportsview, and was presented by Peter Dimmock. For the first show, votes were sent by postcard, and rules presented in a Radio Times article stipulated that nominations were restricted to athletes who had featured on the Sportsview programme since April. Approximately 14,500 votes were cast, and Christopher Chataway beat Roger Bannister to win the inaugural BBC Sportsview's Personality of the Year Award.
The 2008 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifteenth round of the 2008 MotoGP Championship. It took place on the weekend of 26–28 September 2008 at the Twin Ring Motegi, located in Motegi, Japan.
The Chief Justice of the United States is the chief judge of the Supreme Court of the United States. As such, he is head of the United States federal court system, which functions as the judicial branch of the nation's federal government. The Chief Justice is one of nine Supreme Court justices; the other eight have the title Associate Justice.
Prior to the Reformation, the Polish nobility were mostly either Roman Catholic or Orthodox with a small group of Muslims. Many families, however, soon adopted the Reformed faiths. After the Counter-Reformation, when the Roman Catholic Church regained power in Poland, the nobility became almost exclusively Catholic, despite the fact that Roman Catholicism was not the majority religion in Commonwealth (the Catholic and Orthodox churches each accounted for some 40% of all citizens population, with the remaining 20% being Jews or members of Protestant denominations). In the 18th century, many followers of Jacob Frank joined the ranks of Jewish-descended Polish gentry. Although Jewish religion wasn't usually a pretext to block or deprive of noble status, some laws favoured religious conversion from Judaism to Christianity (see: Neophyte) by rewarding it with ennoblement.
Eastern Shores is a neighborhood within the city of North Miami Beach in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. It is located about north of Miami, just south of the city of Aventura.
"Coca-Cola Cowboy" is a song written by Steve Dorff, Sandy Pinkard, Sam Atchley and Bud Dain, and recorded by American country music artist Mel Tillis. It was released in June 1979 as the first single from the album "Mr. Entertainer". The song was featured in the film, "Every Which Way but Loose", starring Clint Eastwood and the film "Bandit Goes Country" (which also had Tillis in the film) starring Brian Bloom. "Coca-Cola Cowboy" was Tillis' fifth number one on the U.S. country singles chart, where it spent one week at the top and a total of eleven weeks on the chart.
However, in English, the term madrasah usually refers to the specifically Islamic institutions. A typical Islamic school usually offers two courses of study: a ḥifẓ course teaching memorization of the Qur'an (the person who commits the entire Qurʼan to memory is called a ḥāfiẓ); and an ʻālim course leading the candidate to become an accepted scholar in the community. A regular curriculum includes courses in Arabic, tafsir (Qur'anic interpretation), sharīʻah (Islamic law), hadiths (recorded sayings and deeds of Muhammad), mantiq (logic), and Muslim history. In the Ottoman Empire, during the Early Modern Period, the study of hadiths was introduced by Süleyman I. Depending on the educational demands, some madaris also offer additional advanced courses in Arabic literature, English and other foreign languages, as well as science and world history. Ottoman madaris along with religious teachings also taught "styles of writing, grammary, syntax, poetry, composition, natural sciences, political sciences, and etiquette."
Karlee Macer is a Democratic member of the Indiana House of Representatives, representing the 92nd district. Macer also works at a retirement community.
Burnt Store Marina is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lee County, Florida, United States. The population was 1,271 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Cape Coral-Fort Myers, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.
The Pokémon Trading Card Game (ポケモンカードゲーム, Pokemon Kādo Gēmu, ``Pokémon Card Game ''), abbreviated to PTCG or Pokémon TCG, is a collectible card game, based on the Pokémon video game series, first published in October 1996 by Media Factory in Japan. In the US, it was initially published by Wizards of the Coast; Nintendo eventually took over publishing the card game alongside the video games in June 2003.
According to the journal DesignIntelligence, which annually publishes "America's Best Architecture and Design Schools," the School of Architecture and Urban Design at the University of Kansas was named the best in the Midwest and ranked 11th among all undergraduate architecture programs in the U.S in 2012.
Iron Dome (, "") is a mobile all-weather air defense system developed by Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and Israel Aerospace Industries. The system is designed to intercept and destroy short-range rockets and artillery shells fired from distances of to away and whose trajectory would take them to an Israeli populated area. Israel hopes to increase the range of Iron Dome's interceptions, from the current maximum of to and make it more versatile so that it could intercept rockets coming from two directions simultaneously.
The Sousa Archives and Center for American Music (SACAM) documents American music through historical artifacts and archival records in multiple formats. The center is part of the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign's library system and the University of Illinois School of Music.
Ghaziabad district (pronounced [ɣaːziːaːˈbaːd̪ ˈzɪlaː]) is a largely suburban district of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India of National Capital Region.  The city of Ghaziabad is the administrative headquarters of the district. This district is part of Meerut Division.  It has become a major bedroom community for Delhi.
Batman Beyond (known as Batman of the Future in Latin America, Europe, Asia and Australia) is an American animated television series developed by Bruce Timm, Paul Dini, and Alan Burnett and produced by Warner Bros. Animation in collaboration with DC Comics as a continuation of the Batman legacy. Depicting a teenaged Batman in a futuristic Gotham City under the tutelage of an elderly Bruce Wayne, the series began airing on January 10, 1999, and ended its run on December 18, 2002. After 52 episodes spanning three seasons and one direct-to-video , the series was put on hold for the "Justice League" animated series, despite the network having announced plans for a fourth season.
Gahal (, an acronym for "Gush Herut-Liberalim" (Hebrew: ), "lit." Herut-Liberals Bloc) was the main right-leaning political alliance, ranging from the centre-right to right-wing, in Israel led by Menachem Begin from its founding in 1965 until the establishment of Likud in 1973.
Armando Segato (; 3 May 1930 – 19 February 1973) was an Italian footballer and manager who played as a midfielder.
Golaghat massacre () was a massacre of the emigrating Marwaris and Hindus of Saidpur on the 13 June 1971, by the Urdu-speaking people of the area who had collaborated with the Pakistani occupation army.
From 1962 until his retirement in 1968, he was a professor at the University of Freiburg, West Germany, where he began work on his next book, Law, Legislation and Liberty. Hayek regarded his years at Freiburg as "very fruitful". Following his retirement, Hayek spent a year as a visiting professor of philosophy at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he continued work on Law, Legislation and Liberty, teaching a graduate seminar by the same name and another on the philosophy of social science. Primary drafts of the book were completed by 1970, but Hayek chose to rework his drafts and finally brought the book to publication in three volumes in 1973, 1976 and 1979.
Nina Companeez (26 August 1937 – 9 April 2015) was a French screenwriter and film director. Nina Companeez was the younger daughter of Russian Jewish émigré screenwriter Jacques Companéez and younger sister of contralto Irène Companeez. She was the mother of actress Valentine Varela.
The New Tappan Zee Bridge, also known as the New NY Bridge and officially named the Governor Mario M. Cuomo Bridge after the late former governor Mario Cuomo, is a twin cable - stayed bridge being built to replace the current original Tappan Zee Bridge over New York's Hudson River. The new bridges are to the north of and roughly parallel to the existing Tappan Zee Bridge, and cross the Hudson River in a parallel east - to - west direction. In the final configuration, the north span will carry the northbound traffic of I - 87, westbound traffic of I - 287, and a bicycle / pedestrian path, with the south span that will carry southbound and eastbound traffic of I - 87 and I - 287, respectively. Construction began in 2013, and at 1: 36 A.M. on August 26, 2017, the north span officially opened to westbound traffic. Eastbound traffic was switched onto the same span on October 6, 2017. Tappan Zee Constructers are currently demolishing the old bridge and completing the south span, which eastbound traffic will use once complete. Both spans are expected to be operational by June 15, 2018.
Kung Fu Tai Chi (also commonly known as Kung Fu Magazine) is a United States magazine covering martial arts and combat sports (mainly Chinese Martial Arts). "Kung Fu Tai Chi" magazine began publication 1992 and is owned by TC Media, Inc. The magazine was started as a quarterly. In 1996 its frequency was switched to bimonthly and in 2000 to monthly. In 2001 it again became a bimonthly magazine. The headquarters is in Fremont, California. In 2009 Kung Fu Magazine started a YouTube account and posts videos on covering the full spectrum of Chinese martial arts and demonstrations.
Pure BS is the fourth studio album by American country music artist Blake Shelton, released in 2007 on Warner Bros. Records Nashville. It produced the singles "Don't Make Me" and "The More I Drink". The album was re-released in 2008 with three bonus tracks, one of which — a cover of Michael Bublé's "Home" — was released as a single, becoming Shelton's fourth Number One country hit. Of the eleven tracks, Shelton co-wrote three. The album has been certified Gold by RIAA.
The January daily average is 33.0 °F (0.6 °C), though, in a normal winter, the temperature frequently rises to 50 °F (10 °C) during thaws and dips to 10 °F (−12 °C) for 2 or 3 nights. July averages 78.1 °F (25.6 °C), although heat waves accompanied by high humidity and heat indices are frequent; highs reach or exceed 90 °F (32 °C) on 27 days of the year. The average window for freezing temperatures is November 6 thru April 2, allowing a growing season of 217 days. Early fall and late winter are generally dry; February's average of 2.64 inches (67 mm) makes it the area's driest month. The dewpoint in the summer averages between 59.1 °F (15 °C) to 64.5 °F (18 °C).
However, the problem of deflection settings — 'aim-off' — required knowing the rate of change in the target's position. Both France and UK introduced tachymetric devices to track targets and produce vertical and horizontal deflection angles. The French Brocq system was electrical, the operator entered the target range and had displays at guns; it was used with their 75 mm. The British Wilson-Dalby gun director used a pair of trackers and mechanical tachymetry; the operator entered the fuse length, and deflection angles were read from the instruments.
The show focuses on the Huxtable family, an upper middle - class African - American family, living in a brownstone in Brooklyn Heights, New York, at 10 Stigwood Avenue. The patriarch is Cliff Huxtable, an obstetrician and son of a prominent jazz trombonist. The matriarch is his wife, attorney Clair Huxtable.
The Prisoner of Zenda (1894), by Anthony Hope, is an adventure novel in which the King of Ruritania is drugged on the eve of his coronation and thus is unable to attend the ceremony. Political forces within the realm are such that, in order for the king to retain the crown, his coronation must proceed. Fortuitously, an English gentleman on holiday in Ruritania who resembles the monarch is persuaded to act as his political decoy in an effort to save the unstable political situation of the interregnum.
A referendum was held in neighboring Djibouti (then known as French Somaliland) in 1958, on the eve of Somalia's independence in 1960, to decide whether or not to join the Somali Republic or to remain with France. The referendum turned out in favour of a continued association with France, largely due to a combined yes vote by the sizable Afar ethnic group and resident Europeans. There was also widespread vote rigging, with the French expelling thousands of Somalis before the referendum reached the polls. The majority of those who voted no were Somalis who were strongly in favour of joining a united Somalia, as had been proposed by Mahmoud Harbi, Vice President of the Government Council. Harbi was killed in a plane crash two years later. Djibouti finally gained its independence from France in 1977, and Hassan Gouled Aptidon, a Somali who had campaigned for a yes vote in the referendum of 1958, eventually wound up as Djibouti's first president (1977–1991).
The term malakh YHWH occurs 65 times in the text of the Hebrew Bible. In English translation it is usually accompanied with the definite article, King James Version ``the angel of the LORD ''; less frequently it is accompanied by the indefinite article, King James Version,`` an angel of the LORD''.
Denzel Washington as Eli Gary Oldman as Carnegie Mila Kunis as Solara Ray Stevenson as Redridge Jennifer Beals as Claudia Evan Jones as Martz Joe Pingue as Hoyt Frances de la Tour as Martha Michael Gambon as George Tom Waits as Engineer Chris Browning as Hijack Leader Malcolm McDowell as Lombardi (uncredited)
Christin Hinojosa (married name Kirschenbaum; born October 3, 1975) is an American actress best known for her role as Sabrina in "Dazed and Confused". After a few other small roles in films and on television, Hinojosa left acting in the late 1990s and became an anti-war activist. In 2004, as a member of the American Friends Service Committee, she was the first coordinator of the Eyes Wide Open installation in Chicago. She currently works as Director of Communications for Solidarity Bridge, a Christian medical charity focused on Latin America.
"Happy Pills" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Norah Jones. It is the lead single from her fifth studio album "Little Broken Hearts" and was released digitally on March 6, 2012. Written by Jones and co-written and produced by Brian Burton, it tells the story of Jones emancipating herself from a relationship and finding that she is better off alone. Musically, it is a gritty, bluesy song with a playful pop sound. It received mostly positive reviews, with many critics complimenting its style and the chemistry between Jones and Burton.
2013 Economics Nobel prize winner Robert J. Shiller said that rising inequality in the United States and elsewhere is the most important problem. Increasing inequality harms economic growth. High and persistent unemployment, in which inequality increases, has a negative effect on subsequent long-run economic growth. Unemployment can harm growth not only because it is a waste of resources, but also because it generates redistributive pressures and subsequent distortions, drives people to poverty, constrains liquidity limiting labor mobility, and erodes self-esteem promoting social dislocation, unrest and conflict. Policies aiming at controlling unemployment and in particular at reducing its inequality-associated effects support economic growth.
Christmas Child is a 2004 American Christian film directed by William Ewing starring Steven Curtis Chapman. The film is based on "The Christmas Cross", a short story by Max Lucado repackaged in 2003 as "The Christmas Child: A Story of Coming Home", and is a story about a Chicago journalist who finds himself in Clearwater, Texas around Christmas time to discover his past.
Randy Conrads attended Oregon State University, graduating in 1972 with a bachelor's degree in industrial engineering. Before founding Classmates Online, Inc. Conrads worked for Boeing for twenty one years. Classmates.com became a very popular website and Conrads received many honors including eBusiness Report's 2001 Entrepreneur of the Year. After he left Classmates Online, Inc. Conrads went on to co-found RedWeek.com. He continues to work for this company.
Android ``Oreo ''(codenamed Android O during development) is the eighth major version of the Android operating system. It was first released as an alpha quality developer preview in March 2017 and released to the public on August 21, 2017.
Strasbourg (/ˈstræzbɜːrɡ/, French pronunciation: ​[stʁaz.buʁ, stʁas.buʁ]; Alsatian: Strossburi; German: Straßburg, [ˈʃtʁaːsbʊɐ̯k]) is the capital and largest city of the Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine (ACAL) region in eastern France and is the official seat of the European Parliament. Located close to the border with Germany, it is the capital of the Bas-Rhin département. The city and the region of Alsace were historically predominantly Alemannic-speaking, hence the city's Germanic name. In 2013, the city proper had 275,718 inhabitants, Eurométropole de Strasbourg (Greater Strasbourg) had 475,934 inhabitants and the Arrondissement of Strasbourg had 482,384 inhabitants. With a population of 768,868 in 2012, Strasbourg's metropolitan area (only the part of the metropolitan area on French territory) is the ninth largest in France and home to 13% of the ACAL region's inhabitants. The transnational Eurodistrict Strasbourg-Ortenau had a population of 915,000 inhabitants in 2014.
Season six is the final season for original cast members Chad Michael Murray and Hilarie Burton. Their characters, Lucas and Peyton, leave Tree Hill with their newborn baby in the finale.
Judith Cynthia Aline Keppel (born 18 August 1942) was the first one - million - pound winner on the television game show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? in the United Kingdom. She is also the only woman in the United Kingdom to have won it and also the first person to win a million pounds or more on a British television game show. She has appeared on the BBC Two quiz show Eggheads since 2003.
Three discoveries challenged this foundation of magnetism, though. First, in 1819, Hans Christian Ørsted discovered that an electric current generates a magnetic field encircling it. Then in 1820, André - Marie Ampère showed that parallel wires with currents attract one another if the currents are in the same direction and repel if they are in opposite directions. Finally, Jean - Baptiste Biot and Félix Savart discovered the Biot -- Savart law in 1820, which correctly predicts the magnetic field around any current - carrying wire.
Lively Grove is an unincorporated community in Johannisburg and Lively Grove Townships, Washington County, Illinois, United States. Lively Grove is located on Illinois Route 153, northwest of Oakdale. Lively Grove is approximately from Elkton.
The song plays during the end credits of the films Full Metal Jacket and The Devil's Advocate. In TV, it was used as the opening theme song to the series Tour of Duty and for the end credits to part five of The Vietnam War documentary series. It was featured in the Call of Duty: Black Ops III and The Mummy trailers. The Pittsburgh Pirates of Major League Baseball use the song as part of their ``Black Out ''promotions. An orchestral arrangement of the song has been used in multiple episodes of the TV series Westworld. R&B singer Ciara would later cover the song for the soundtrack of the 2015 film The Last Witch Hunter.
The first and historically most important application for communication satellites was in intercontinental long distance telephony. The fixed Public Switched Telephone Network relays telephone calls from land line telephones to an earth station, where they are then transmitted to a geostationary satellite.  The downlink follows an analogous path.  Improvements in submarine communications cables through the use of fiber-optics caused some decline in the use of satellites for fixed telephony in the late 20th century.
Type 639 is a type of ocean surveillance ship is the newest oceanographic surveillance ship (as of mid 2014) developed by China for its People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN). A single unit of Type 639 with pennant number Bei-diao 991 is currently in service as an oceanographic research ship and five more modified version serving as hydrographic survey ships are designated as Type 639A
Soccer in the United States is governed by the United States Soccer Federation. The organization governs most levels of soccer in the country, including the national teams, professional leagues, and the amateur game with the exception of colleges and high schools. As of May 2015, over 24.4 million people play soccer in the United States. In 2017, Gallup reported that soccer was the third-most played team sport in the U.S., behind only basketball and American football. The popularity of the sport in the U.S. has been growing since the 1960s and 1970s, and received a significant boost when the United States hosted the 1994 FIFA World Cup and 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup. It is the fourth most popular sport in the United States behind American football, baseball and basketball, and is the second fastest growing sport in America, surpassed only by lacrosse.
Many languages are spoken, or historically have been spoken, in the United States. Today over 500 languages are used by the U.S. population. The most commonly used language is English (specifically, American English), which is the de facto national language of the United States. Since the 1965 Immigration Act, Spanish is the second most common language in the country. The United States does not have an official language, but some state governments recognize specific languages. For instance, the state government of Louisiana offers services and documents in French, as does New Mexico in Spanish. There are many languages indigenous to North America or to U.S. states or holdings in the Pacific region. Hawaiian, although having few native speakers, is an official language along with English of the state of Hawaii. Alaska officializes English and twenty native languages.
The ``East Bay ''is the densest region of the Bay Area outside of San Francisco and includes cities and towns in Alameda and Contra Costa counties, centered around Oakland. As one of the larger subregions, the East Bay includes a variety of enclaves, including the suburban Tri-Valley area and the highly urban western part of the subregion that runs alongside the bay. The`` Peninsula'' subregion includes the cities and towns on the San Francisco Peninsula, excluding the titular city of San Francisco. Its eastern half, which runs alongside the Bay, is highly populated while its less populated western coast traces the coastline of the Pacific Ocean and is known for its open space and hiking trails. Roughly coinciding with the borders of San Mateo county, it also includes the northwestern Santa Clara county cities of Palo Alto, Mountain View, and Los Altos. The ``South Bay ''includes all of the rest of the cities in Santa Clara county, centered around San Jose, the largest city in Northern California. It is roughly synonymous with Silicon Valley due to its high concentration of tech companies, although the industry also has a significant presence in the rest of the Bay Area. The`` North Bay'' includes Marin, Sonoma, Napa, and Solano counties, and is the largest and least populated subregion. The western counties of Marin and Sonoma are encased by the Pacific Ocean on the west and the bay on the east, and are characterized by its mountainous and woody terrain. Sonoma and Napa counties are known internationally for their grape vineyards and wineries, and Solano county to the east, centered around Vallejo, is the fastest growing region in the Bay Area.
William Russell Grace (May 10, 1832 – March 21, 1904) was an Irish-American politician, the first Roman Catholic mayor of New York City, and the founder of W. R. Grace and Company.
Feketić (Serbian: Фекетић or "Feketić", Hungarian: "Bácsfeketehegy", German: "Feketitsch, Schwarzenberg") is a village located in the Mali Iđoš municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia. It is situated in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina. The village has a Hungarian ethnic majority and its population numbering 4,308 people, including 2,672 Hungarians (2002 census).
The Woman in the Window is a 1944 American film noir directed by Fritz Lang and starring Edward G. Robinson, Joan Bennett, Raymond Massey, and Dan Duryea. It tells the story of psychology professor Richard Wanley (Edward G. Robinson) who meets and becomes enamored with a young femme fatale.
Remire-Montjoly is a suburb of Cayenne, the capital "préfecture" and largest city of French Guiana. It is located to the south-east of Cayenne. Residential districts are located along some of the best beaches in the Cayenne area.
Following World War II, Britain retained control of both British Somaliland and Italian Somaliland as protectorates. In 1945, during the Potsdam Conference, the United Nations granted Italy trusteeship of Italian Somaliland, but only under close supervision and on the condition — first proposed by the Somali Youth League (SYL) and other nascent Somali political organizations, such as Hizbia Digil Mirifle Somali (HDMS) and the Somali National League (SNL) — that Somalia achieve independence within ten years. British Somaliland remained a protectorate of Britain until 1960.
The Mamaroneck River is a freshwater stream located in Southern Westchester County, New York. The river forms in White Plains and Harrison and flows south through Mamaroneck Town and Village, where it empties into Mamaroneck Harbor and Long Island Sound. The name of the river comes from a local native American word meaning, "where the fresh water meets the salt water." The river flows into Long Island Sound.
The third season of American Idol premiered on Monday, January 19, 2004 and continued until May 26, 2004. The third season was won by Fantasia Barrino, who defeated Diana DeGarmo by an approximate margin of 2% (1.3 million votes); the vote total (65 million votes) was the highest recorded vote total in the show's history until the May 23, 2007, finale of the sixth season. This season also featured Jennifer Hudson, who would subsequently win the 2006 Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Arado (plow) River in the north of Portugal. The river's source is the Gerês Mountain, and the mouth cascades into the Fafião river, (41°42'10.88"N; 8° 6'33.50"W), Fafião place, Cabril village, Montalegre municipality. From Arado cascate (41°43'25.53"N; 8° 7'46.98"W) till the mouth, runs .
Created as a real-life adjunct to the ABC medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", it follows the professional lives of hospital caregivers and their patients. The show is a follow-up to the ABC Special "Hopkins 24/7", from 2000. "Boston Med", which aired on ABC in June–August 2010, was produced by the same team behind "Hopkins".
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin ( (); 1 May 1881 – 10 April 1955) was a French idealist philosopher and Jesuit priest who trained as a paleontologist and geologist and took part in the discovery of Peking Man. He conceived the vitalist idea of the Omega Point (a maximum level of complexity and consciousness towards which he believed the universe was evolving), and he developed Vladimir Vernadsky's concept of noosphere.
In 2002, the company closed its Valencia Street plant in San Francisco, which had opened the same year of the city's April 1906 earthquake. By the end of 2003, the closure of Levi's last U.S. factory in San Antonio ended 150 years of jeans made in the USA. Production of a few higher - end, more expensive styles of jeans resumed in the US several years later.
Canada (/ ˈkænədə / (listen); French: (kanadɑ)) is a country in the northern part of North America. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Atlantic to the Pacific and northward into the Arctic Ocean, covering 9.98 million square kilometres (3.85 million square miles), making it the world's second - largest country by total area and the fourth - largest country by land area. Canada's southern border with the United States is the world's longest bi-national land border. The majority of the country has a cold or severely cold winter climate, but southerly areas are warm in summer. Canada is sparsely populated, the majority of its land territory being dominated by forest and tundra and the Rocky Mountains. It is highly urbanized with 82 per cent of the 35.15 million people concentrated in large and medium - sized cities, many near the southern border. Its capital is Ottawa, and its five largest metropolitan areas are Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver, Calgary and Ottawa.
Brandon Phillips Phillips in 2011 Free agent Second baseman Born: (1981 - 06 - 28) June 28, 1981 (age 37) Raleigh, North Carolina Bats: Right Throws: Right MLB debut September 13, 2002, for the Cleveland Indians MLB statistics (through September 5, 2018) Batting average. 275 Hits 2,029 Home runs 211 Runs batted in 951 Stolen bases 209 Runs 1,004 Teams Cleveland Indians (2002 -- 2005) Cincinnati Reds (2006 -- 2016) Atlanta Braves (2017) Los Angeles Angels (2017) Boston Red Sox (2018) Career highlights and awards World Series champion (2018) 3 × All - Star (2010, 2011, 2013) 4 × Gold Glove Award (2008, 2010, 2011, 2013) Silver Slugger Award (2011) Fielding Bible Award (2008) 30 -- 30 club (2007)
Opus de Jazz (subtitled A Hi-Fi Recording for Flute, Vibes, Piano, Bass, Drums) is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1955 and released on the Savoy label.
Joseph Cumming is a scholar of Islamic and Christian thought who serves as pastor of the International Church at Yale University and works internationally as a consultant on Muslim-Christian and Muslim-Christian-Jewish relations. He was one of the architects of the "Yale Response" to the Common Word initiative of 138 prominent Muslim leaders and scholars. He is also International Director of Doulos Community, a humanitarian organization working in the Islamic Republic of Mauritania, and is past president of the Federation of NGOs in Mauritania. Cumming has published numerous articles on issues affecting relations among the Abrahamic faith communities. He has lectured in Arabic at Al-Azhar University and other Islamic institutions and has taught courses at Yale Divinity School, as well as at Fuller Theological Seminary and other Evangelical institutions. He has been interviewed in Arabic on Al-Jazeera and other Arab television networks, and in English on American and Canadian television and radio, and in French and German by European and African news media.
Friday Night Lights is the debut studio album by the Scottish indie rock band Attic Lights, released on October 13, 2008 on Island Records.
Heaven Help the Child is the 1973 album by country singer-songwriter Mickey Newbury. The album was Newbury's third consecutive release recorded at Cinderella Studios. Noted for its dramatic remakes of four previous Newbury songs: "Sweet Memories", "Good Morning Dear" from "Harlequin Melodies", "Sunshine" from "Sings His Own" and "San Francisco Mabel Joy" from "Looks Like Rain", the album is considered equal among Newbury's acclaimed "Looks Like Rain" and "Frisco Mabel Joy". Apart from its definitive versions of three of Newbury's early songwriting hits, the album is also acclaimed for its title track, with its multi-generational narrative, the haunting "Cortelia Clark," and the bluegrass classic "Why You Been Gone So Long." In his AllMusic review of the LP, Thom Jurek declares, "Newbury, for the third time in as many recording sessions, came up with a record that defies categorization. And for the third time in a row, he had done the impossible, created a masterpiece, a work of perfection."
The Acura EL is a subcompact executive car that was built at Honda's Alliston, Ontario, plant, and also the first Acura built in Canada. The EL is a badge-engineered Honda Civic with a higher level of features.
Wydarzenia (""Events"") is the news program of the Polsat, Poland's second biggest television channel. The creator of ""Wydarzenia"" was Tomasz Lis in 2004. Currently, the editor-in-chief of the program is Dorota Gawryluk. The program is produced and aired from Polsat News studios in Warsaw.
Escanaba Firing Line is an American rock band formed in Traverse City, Michigan in 2002, by brothers Jesse and Ryan Younce. Shortly after the bands conception they were joined by bassist Chris Davies and drummer Chad Sturdivant.
Lady Louise Windsor (Louise Alice Elizabeth Mary Mountbatten-Windsor; born 8 November 2003) is the elder child and only daughter of Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, and Sophie, Countess of Wessex. She is the youngest granddaughter of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. She is 13th in the line of succession to the British throne.
Machine languages and the assembly languages that represent them (collectively termed low-level programming languages) tend to be unique to a particular type of computer. For instance, an ARM architecture computer (such as may be found in a PDA or a hand-held videogame) cannot understand the machine language of an Intel Pentium or the AMD Athlon 64 computer that might be in a PC.
Besides Louisville and Frankfort, other cities within the 502 area code boundary include Georgetown, Shelbyville, and Bardstown. Georgetown is a long - distance call to other cities in the 502 area code, but is a free local call to Lexington, which is in the 859 area code.
Chapter Twelve -- Which dreamed it?: The story ends with Alice recalling the speculation of the Tweedle brothers, that everything may have, in fact, been a dream of the Red King, and that Alice might herself be no more than a figment of his imagination. One final poem is inserted by the author as a sort of epilogue which suggests that life itself is but a dream.
The Human Centipede (First Sequence) is a 2009 Dutch horror film written, directed, and co-produced by Tom Six. The film tells the story of a German surgeon who kidnaps three tourists and joins them surgically, mouth to anus, forming a "human centipede", a conjoined triplet. It stars Dieter Laser as the creator of the centipede, Dr. Josef Heiter, with Ashley C. Williams, Ashlynn Yennie, and Akihiro Kitamura as his victims. According to Six, the concept for the film arose from a joke he made with friends about punishing a child molester by stitching his mouth to the anus of a "fat truck driver". Inspiration for the film also came from Nazi medical experiments carried out during World War II, such as the crimes of Josef Mengele at the Auschwitz concentration camp.
Alison Moira Clarkson (born 6 March 1970 in Kensington, London), better known as Betty Boo, is an English singer, songwriter and pop-rap artist. She first came to mainstream prominence in the late 1980s following a collaboration with the Beatmasters on the song "Hey DJ/I Can't Dance (To That Music You're Playing)". Between 1990 and 1992 she had a successful solo career, which spawned a number of chart-placing singles, most notably "Doin' the Do", "Where Are You Baby?", and "Let Me Take You There".
The Black Death is thought to have originated in the arid plains of Central Asia, where it then travelled along the Silk Road, reaching Crimea by 1343. From there, it was most likely carried by Oriental rat fleas living on the black rats that were regular passengers on merchant ships. Spreading throughout the Mediterranean and Europe, the Black Death is estimated to have killed 30 -- 60% of Europe's total population. In total, the plague may have reduced the world population from an estimated 450 million down to 350 -- 375 million in the 14th century. The world population as a whole did not recover to pre-plague levels until the 17th century. The plague recurred occasionally in Europe until the 19th century.
Ellahy Amen Records is an American-French independent avant-garde record label, launched in 2002 by former Pigface member and experimental/avant-garde musician Leila Bela. The record label is based both in Paris, France and Austin, Texas, United States. Currently, the label has three artists signed to the roster.
"A Little Bit of Love" is a song written by Andreas Johnson and Peter Kvint, and performed by Andreas Johnson at Melodifestivalen 2007. The song participated in the semifinale in Gävle on 24 February 2007, heading directly to the finals inside the Stockholm Globe Arena on 10 March 2007, finishing second. On 5 March 2007 the single was released. The single peaked at third position at the Swedish singles chart, and became a major radio hit both at Sveriges Radio and the commercial stadions.
In 1884, the club added Ladies' Singles and Gentlemen's Doubles competitions. Ladies' Doubles and Mixed Doubles events were added in 1913. Until 1922, the reigning champion had to play only in the final, against whomever had won through to challenge him/her. As with the other three Major or Grand Slam events, Wimbledon was contested by top-ranked amateur players; professional players were prohibited from participating. This changed with the advent of the open era in 1968. No British man won the singles event at Wimbledon between Fred Perry in 1936 and Andy Murray in 2013, while no British woman has won since Virginia Wade in 1977, although Annabel Croft and Laura Robson won the Girls' Championship in 1984 and 2008 respectively. The Championship was first televised in 1937.
Victoria's father, Victor Newman, hires J.T. to investigate Nikki's fiance David Chow. When J.T. inadvertently tips Nikki off by the way he is questioning her, Victor fires J.T. He has some unease about the strong role Victor plays in the lives of the Newman family, but when Victor offers him a job as head of Newman Enterprises security, J.T. accepts. Victoria wakes up and reunites with J.T. and Reed. He and Victoria are married several days later. Victor then asks J.T. to investigate Colleen in order to take away her seat on the Newman Board. J.T quits his job at Newman and begins working with Paul. Colleen dies in October 2009 from drowning. J.T. is heartbroken and admits to Colleen that he loves her, which ultimately brings the end to his marriage with Victoria as they decide to divorce. During this time, he relies more and more on the pregnant Mackenzie, his former high school girlfriend for support. He seeks and receives full custody of his son, Reed. He especially does not want Reed to be around his maternal grandfather, Victor. Victoria has vowed to fight and overturn the judge's ruling, with the help of her family. J.T. reunites with Mac, however, J.T.'s current job, spying on Newman Enterprises and gaining information on it for Tucker McCall, puts a strain on their relationship. In September, Mac tells J.T. that she may be pregnant with their second child, the first ending in a miscarriage.
``The Negotiation ''(originally titled`` Labor Negotiation'') is the nineteenth episode of the third season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's forty - seventh episode overall. The series depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In this episode, Roy Anderson (David Denman) tries to attack Jim Halpert (John Krasinski) for kissing Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer) on Casino Night, only to be pepper - sprayed by Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson). Jim repeatedly tries to thank Dwight for his actions, but each attempt is rejected. Meanwhile, with Roy fired, Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) asks for a raise and is astounded when he learns that this raise would cause him to be paid more than his boss, Michael Scott (Steve Carell).
Allison DuBois (born January 24, 1972) is an American author and purported medium. DuBois has used her psychic abilities to assist U.S. law enforcement officials in solving crimes, forming the basis of the TV series Medium.
The Florida Power and Light Company Ice Plant (also known as the City Products Corporation Ice Plant or locally as the Ice Plant) is a historic site in Melbourne, Florida, United States. It is located at 1604 South Harbor City Boulevard. On November 17, 1982, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Super Hornio Brothers and Super Hornio Brothers II are two 1993 pornographic parodies of the "Super Mario" video game series released at the same time as the series' official film, "Super Mario Bros." Both films star director Buck Adams, along with T. T. Boy, Ron Jeremy and Chelsea Lynx together as the main characters. The films gained new interest after a write-up by a Something Awful reviewer. Nintendo bought the rights to the films to halt their distribution.
For 2017, CBS hired Tony Romo as its lead color commentator. Numerous complications needed to be resolved, namely Romo's reluctance to cover both Sunday and Thursday nights as required under the Thursday Night Football contract, and the fact that Simms remains under contract with CBS through the next several years. However, the network confirmed via press release that Romo's duties would include Sunday and Thursday games.
The central Sahara is hyperarid, with sparse vegetation. The northern and southern reaches of the desert, along with the highlands, have areas of sparse grassland and desert shrub, with trees and taller shrubs in wadis, where moisture collects. In the central, hyperarid region, there are many subdivisions of the great desert: Tanezrouft, the Ténéré, the Libyan Desert, the Eastern Desert, the Nubian Desert and others. These extremely arid areas often receive no rain for years.
English Dominican mysticism in the late medieval period differed from European strands of it in that, whereas European Dominican mysticism tended to concentrate on ecstatic experiences of union with the divine, English Dominican mysticism's ultimate focus was on a crucial dynamic in one's personal relationship with God. This was an essential moral imitation of the Savior as an ideal for religious change, and as the means for reformation of humanity's nature as an image of divinity. This type of mysticism carried with it four elements. First, spiritually it emulated the moral essence of Christ's life. Second, there was a connection linking moral emulation of Christ's life and humanity's disposition as images of the divine. Third, English Dominican mysticism focused on an embodied spirituality with a structured love of fellow men at its center. Finally, the supreme aspiration of this mysticism was either an ethical or an actual union with God.
Name Birth Marriage Their children Their grandchildren Date Spouse Charles, Prince of Wales 14 November 1948 29 July 1981 Divorced 28 August 1996 Lady Diana Spencer Prince William, Duke of Cambridge Prince George of Cambridge Princess Charlotte of Cambridge Prince Henry of Wales None 9 April 2005 Camilla Parker Bowles None Anne, Princess Royal 15 August 1950 14 November 1973 Divorced 28 April 1992 Mark Phillips Peter Phillips Savannah Phillips Isla Phillips Zara Tindall Mia Tindall 12 December 1992 Timothy Laurence None Prince Andrew, Duke of York 19 February 1960 23 July 1986 Divorced 30 May 1996 Sarah Ferguson Princess Beatrice of York None Princess Eugenie of York None Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex 10 March 1964 19 June 1999 Sophie Rhys - Jones Lady Louise Windsor None James, Viscount Severn None
When It Was Now is the debut studio album by Australian alternative rock band Atlas Genius, released on 19 February 2013 by Warner Bros. Records. The album peaked at No. 34 on Billboard 200. It also reached No. 10 on the Top Alternative Albums chart. The only single from the album, "If So", reached No. 8 on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart. It has sold 79,000 copies in the United States as of August 2015.
Hellfire: A Journey from Hiroshima is a 1986 American documentary film directed by John Junkerman. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.
Cherdynsky District () is an administrative district (raion) of Perm Krai, Russia; one of the thirty-three in the krai. Municipally, it is incorporated as Cherdynsky Municipal District. It is located in the north and northeast of the krai and borders with the Komi Republic in the north, Krasnovishersky District in the east, Solikamsky District in the south, Kosinsky District in the southwest, and with Gaynsky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Cherdyn. Population: The population of Cherdyn accounts for 20.0% of the district's total population.
The Charlotte 49ers represent the NCAA Division I sports teams of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. A founding member of Conference USA (C-USA), Charlotte rejoined the conference in 2013 after spending eight years as a member of the Atlantic 10 Conference. Previously, Charlotte was a charter member of the Sun Belt Conference and was a member of the Metro Conference.
Kathmandu(/ˌkɑːtmɑːnˈduː/; Nepali pronunciation: [kɑʈʰmɑɳɖu]) is the capital and largest municipality of Nepal. It also hosts the headquarters of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC). It is the only city of Nepal with the administrative status of Mahanagar (Metropolitan City), as compared to Upa-Mahanagar (Sub-Metropolitan City) or Nagar (City). Kathmandu is the core of Nepal's largest urban agglomeration located in the Kathmandu Valley consisting of Lalitpur, Kirtipur, Madhyapur Thimi, Bhaktapur and a number of smaller communities. Kathmandu is also known informally as "KTM" or the "tri-city". According to the 2011 census, Kathmandu Metropolitan City has a population of 975,453 and measures 49.45 km2 (19.09 sq mi).
The American Idol Songwriter contest was also held this season. From ten of the most popular submissions, each of the final two contestants chose a song to perform, although neither of their selections was used as the "coronation song". The winning song, "The Time of My Life", was recorded by David Cook and released on May 22, 2008.
Khamid is product of youth team systems of UFK Kharkiv. He spent 6 years played for FC Metalurh Donetsk Reserves and Youth Team and went on loan in the Ukrainian First League club FC Stal Alchevsk. He made his debut for FC Stal entering as a second-half substitute against FC Zirka Kirovohrad on 26 July 2014 in Ukrainian First League.
Headquarters of the United Nations View from Roosevelt Island Location within New York City Headquarters of the United Nations (New York City) Headquarters of the United Nations (New York) Show map of Manhattan Show map of New York City Show map of New York Show all Alternative names Headquarters of the United Nations Arabic: مقر الأمم المتحدة ‎ Chinese: 联合国总部大楼 French: Siège des Nations unies Russian: Штаб - квартира Организации Объединенных Наций Spanish: Sede de las Naciones Unidas General information Architectural style International Style Location New York City (International territory) Address 760 United Nations Plaza, Manhattan, New York City Coordinates 40 ° 44 ′ 58 ''N 73 ° 58 ′ 5'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 40.74944 ° N 73.96806 ° W ﻿ / 40.74944; - 73.96806 Coordinates: 40 ° 44 ′ 58 ''N 73 ° 58 ′ 5'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 40.74944 ° N 73.96806 ° W ﻿ / 40.74944; - 73.96806 Construction started September 14, 1948 (September 14, 1948) Completed October 9, 1952 (1952 - 10 - 09) Cost $65,000,000 (in adjusted inflation $599,010,025) Owner United Nations Height 155.3 meters (510 ft) Technical details Floor count 39 Design and construction Architect Oscar Niemeyer Le Corbusier Harrison & Abramovitz Main contractor Fuller, Turner, Slattery, and Walsh
The Prescott National Forest is a 1.25 million acre (510,000 ha) United States National Forest located in north central Arizona in the vicinity of Prescott. The forest is located in the mountains southwest of Flagstaff and north of Phoenix in Yavapai County, with a small portion (about 3.5 percent) extending into southwestern Coconino County. Its administrative offices are in Prescott. There are local ranger district offices in Camp Verde, Chino Valley, and Prescott. The forest includes Lynx Creek where Sam Miller panned for gold and was wounded by a cougar.
Opening Day is the day on which professional baseball leagues begin their regular season. For Major League Baseball and most of the minor leagues, this day typically falls during the first week of April.
Supreme court judges retire at the age of 65. However, there have been suggestions from the judges of the Supreme Court of India to provide for a fixed term for the judges including the Chief Justice of India.
Route 3 is an important link in the north of Laos between China and Thailand. The 197 km route begins in the provincial capital Luang Namtha, Louang Namtha Province, Laos. It runs southwestwards reaching the provincial capital of Ban Houayxay, Bokeo Province, on river Mekong. On completion of the Fourth Thai-Lao Friendship Bridge it will end there. China is interested in improving traffic routes to Southeast Asia, to be financed with together with Thailand. China has the main share in the expansion of highways in Laos. The Laotian section is part of the Kunming–Bangkok Expressway, which is part of the Asian Highway AH3.
King Haakon VII Sea () is a proposed name for part of the Southern Ocean on the coast of East Antarctica.
Quentin Roosevelt (November 19, 1897 – July 14, 1918) was the youngest son of President Theodore Roosevelt and First Lady Edith Roosevelt. Family and friends agreed that Quentin had many of his father's positive qualities and few of the negative ones. Inspired by his father and siblings, he joined the United States Army Air Service where he became a pursuit pilot during World War I. Extremely popular with his fellow pilots and known for being daring, he was killed in aerial combat over France on Bastille Day (July 14), 1918. As of 2019, he is the only child of a US President to die in combat.
As of the census of 2000, there were 2,226 people, 957 households, and 618 families residing in the city. The population density was 1,486.5 people per square mile (573.0/km²). There were 1,050 housing units at an average density of 701.2 per square mile (270.3/km²). The racial makeup of the city was 99.01% White, 0.04% African American, 0.27% Native American, 0.45% from other races, and 0.22% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.81% of the population.
Minneapolis lies on both banks of the Mississippi River, just north of the river's confluence with the Minnesota River, and adjoins Saint Paul, the state's capital. The city is abundantly rich in water, with 13 lakes, wetlands, the Mississippi River, creeks and waterfalls; many connected by parkways in the Chain of Lakes and the Grand Rounds National Scenic Byway. It was once the world's flour milling capital and a hub for timber. The city and surrounding region is the primary business center between Chicago and Seattle. As of 2018, Minneapolis was home to 6 Fortune 500 companies, and the Twin Cities were the fifth-largest hub of major corporate headquarters in the United States. As an integral link to the global economy, Minneapolis is categorized as a global city.
Sanctuary is the twenty third studio album by American singer and harpist Charlie Musselwhite. It was released in 2004 on Peter Gabriel's Real World label, Musselwhite's debut release on this label.
The God Who Wasn't There is a 2005 independent documentary written and directed by Brian Flemming. The documentary questions the existence of Jesus, examining evidence that supports the Christ myth theory against the existence of a historical Jesus, as well as other aspects of Christianity.
Glenn Justice Chapman (January 21, 1906, in Cambridge City, Indiana – November 5, 1988, in Richmond, Indiana) was an American Major League Baseball player. Nicknamed "Pete", he played in 67 games for the Brooklyn Dodgers during the 1934 season.
Principal photography began on April 1, 2013, at the Raleigh Manhattan Beach Studios in Los Angeles, under the working title Freezer Burn. Scenes taking place on the Lemurian Star were filmed on the Sea Launch Commander, docked in Long Beach, California. In early May, Dominic Cooper confirmed he would return as Howard Stark. On May 14, 2013, production moved to Washington, D.C. with filming taking place at the National Mall and the Theodore Roosevelt Bridge. The following day, Garry Shandling was spotted on set reprising his Iron Man 2 role of Senator Stern. Other filming locations in Washington, D.C. included the Willard Hotel and Dupont Circle.
The Gobi Desert (/ ˈɡoʊ. bi /; Mongolian: Говь, Gowĭ, (ɢɔwj), ``semidesert ''; Chinese: 戈壁; pinyin: Gēbì, Xiao'erjing: قْبِ, (kɤ́. pî), Dungan: Гәби) is a large desert region in Asia. It covers parts of northern and northwestern China, and of southern Mongolia. The desert basins of the Gobi are bounded by the Altai Mountains and the grasslands and steppes of Mongolia on the north, by the Taklamakan Desert to the west, by the Hexi Corridor and Tibetan Plateau to the southwest, and by the North China Plain to the southeast. The Gobi is notable in history as part of the great Mongol Empire, and as the location of several important cities along the Silk Road.
Anna Benson (born February 12, 1976) is an American model, former stripper, and ex-wife of former Major League Baseball pitcher Kris Benson.
A Daughter of the Gods was a 1916 American silent fantasy drama film written and directed by Herbert Brenon. The film was controversial because of the sequences of what was regarded as superfluous nudity by the character Anitia, played by Australian swimming star Annette Kellermann. The scene is regarded as the first complete nude scene by a major star, which occurred during a waterfall sequence, though most of Kellerman's body is covered by her long hair. It was filmed by Fox Film Corporation in Kingston, Jamaica, where huge sets were constructed, and directed by Herbert Brenon.
Lagos Colony was a British colonial possession centred on the port of Lagos in what is now southern Nigeria. Lagos was annexed on 6 August 1861 under the threat of force by Commander Beddingfield of HMS Prometheus who was accompanied by the Acting British Consul, William McCoskry. Oba Dosunmu of Lagos (spelled ``Docemo ''in British documents) resisted the cession for 11 days while facing the threat of violence on Lagos and its people, but capitulated and signed the Lagos Treaty of Cession. Lagos was declared a colony on 5 March 1862. By 1872 Lagos was a cosmopolitan trading center with a population over 60,000. In the aftermath of prolonged wars between the mainland Yoruba states, the colony established a protectorate over most of Yorubaland between 1890 and 1897. The colony and protectorate were incorporated into Southern Nigeria in February 1906, and Lagos became the capital of the protectorate of Nigeria in January 1914. Since then, Lagos has grown to become the largest city in West Africa, with an estimated metropolitan population of over 9,000,000 as of 2011.
February, 2nd, 2010 – GS Group announced launching of the first 3D-broadcasting in Russia and Eastern Europe. On April 15, for the first time in Russia the live 3D broadcast was performed by the company (Gala concert in the Mariinsky Theatre). European premiere of the satellite channel with three-dimensional image 3DV was held on May 21 in London.
Neal Paul Hefti (October 29, 1922 -- October 11, 2008) was an American jazz trumpeter, composer, and arranger. He wrote music for The Odd Couple movie and TV series and for the Batman TV series.
Rosemary Waring, an honorary Reader in human toxicology at the School of Biosciences, University of Birmingham, was the first researcher to produce scientific evidence suggestive of abnormal sulfur metabolism affecting people with autism spectrum disorders. Her findings suggest that people with autism present with consistently lower levels of circulating plasma sulfate and higher than normal levels of urinary sulfate than non-symptomatic controls (reflective of excessive 'dumping' of sulfate into the urine). Follow-up work has suggested that people with autism also present with higher than normal levels of other sulfur-related compounds, including sulfite.
Pa Amadou Gai (born June 18, 1984 in Bakau) is a Gambian soccer player who currently plays for ASC HLM,
Schwarzenegger has admitted to using performance-enhancing anabolic steroids while they were legal, writing in 1977 that "steroids were helpful to me in maintaining muscle size while on a strict diet in preparation for a contest. I did not use them for muscle growth, but rather for muscle maintenance when cutting up." He has called the drugs "tissue building."
Born in Pisa, Giovanni Pisano was the son of the famous sculptor Nicola Pisano. He received his training in the workshop of his father and in 1265–1268 he worked with his father on the pulpit in Siena Cathedral. His next major work with his father was the fountain "Fontana Maggiore" in Perugia (completed 1278). Nicola Pisano is thought to have died either around 1278 or in 1284 when Giovanni took up residence in Siena. These first works were made in Nicola's style and it is difficult to separate the contributions of the two artists. However the "Madonna with Child" can be attributed with certainty to Giovanni, showing a new style with a certain familiarity between Mother and Child.
In 2010, Forbes evaluated Barcelona's worth to be around €752 million (USD $1 billion), ranking them fourth after Manchester United, Real Madrid, and Arsenal, based on figures from the 2008–09 season. According to Deloitte, Barcelona had a recorded revenue of €366 million in the same period, ranking second to Real Madrid, who generated €401 million in revenue. In 2013, Forbes magazine ranked Barcelona the third most valuable sports team in the world, behind Real Madrid and Manchester United, with a value of $2.6 billion. In 2014, Forbes ranked them the second most valuable sports team in the world, worth $3.2 billion, and Deloitte ranked them the world's fourth richest football club in terms of revenue, with an annual turnover of €484.6 million.
The 1932 Albanian First Division is the second season of the second tier of football in Albania. The league was played between April and May 1932 and it was divided into 3 groups, Group A being an exhibition tournament and the winners of Group B and C played each other in the final. The final was played between SK Kavajë and SK Vlorë, which was won by SK Kavajë 3-1 to be crowned champions.
The Partition of India was the division of British India in 1947 which accompanied the creation of two independent dominions, India and Pakistan. The Dominion of India is today the Republic of India, and the Dominion of Pakistan is today the Islamic Republic of Pakistan and the People's Republic of Bangladesh. The partition involved the division of two provinces, Bengal and the Punjab, based on district-wise Hindu or Muslim majorities. The boundary demarcating India and Pakistan became known as the Radcliffe Line. It also involved the division of the British Indian Army, the Royal Indian Navy, the Indian Civil Service, the railways, and the central treasury, between the two new dominions. The partition was set forth in the Indian Independence Act 1947 and resulted in the dissolution of the British Raj, as the British government there was called. The two self - governing countries of Pakistan and India legally came into existence at midnight on 14 -- 15 August 1947.
Beaver Dam is a city in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States, along Beaver Dam Lake and the Beaver Dam River. The estimated population was 16,564 in 2016, making it the largest city primarily located in Dodge County. It is the principal city of the Beaver Dam Micropolitan Statistical area. The city is adjacent to the Town of Beaver Dam.
Some soldiers also deserted from ideological motivations. A growing threat to the solidarity of the Confederacy was dissatisfaction in the Appalachian mountain districts caused by lingering unionism and a distrust of the slave power. Many of their soldiers deserted, returned home, and formed a military force that fought off regular army units trying to punish them. North Carolina lost 23% of its soldiers (24,122) to desertion. The state provided more soldiers per capita than any other Confederate state, and had more deserters as well.
Robert Valentine Tishman (April 7, 1916 – October 11, 2010) was an American real estate developer who had been head of the family-owned firm Tishman Realty & Construction until it was disestablished in 1977, and was one of the two founding partners of Tishman Speyer, which was formed in 1978 and became one of the largest owners and builders of office buildings in the United States.
Xingning Basin, located in Xingning, China, is the largest basin in east Guangdong province. It spans 302 km. Ostracode fossils from at least a dozen species in ten genera have been found there, from both the Early and Late Cretaceous.
Born in Turin, Italy in 1965, Giorgio Li Calzi started overdubbing piano and synthesizer as a child, and in 1990 he began to play the trumpet.
The most important source after Polybius is Diodorus Siculus who wrote his Bibliotheca historica between 60 and 30 BCE and reproduced some important earlier sources such as Hieronymus, but his account of the Hellenistic period breaks off after the battle of Ipsus (301). Another important source, Plutarch's (c.50—c.120) Parallel Lives though more preoccupied with issues of personal character and morality, outlines the history of important Hellenistic figures. Appian of Alexandria (late first century CE-before 165 CE) wrote a history of the Roman empire that includes information of some Hellenistic kingdoms.
Her experiences as the child of an Irish immigrant mother; her extended stays at the family ancestral home at Muingaphuca, Caragh Lake, County Kerry; and her experience as a mid-century American woman who raised five children through the intense social transformation of American life from the post-war era to the 1970s, were powerful influences on the tone, style, and subject matter of her poetry.
RCA/Jive Label Group CEO Barry Weiss left the company in March 2011 to become the new CEO of Island Def Jam and Universal Republic, which were both part of Universal Music Group. Weiss had been the RCA/Jive Label Group CEO since 2008 and was head of Jive Records since 1991.
``Here Comes the Night ''is a 1964 song, written by Bert Berns. It became a hit for Northern Irish band Them, fronted by Van Morrison, in March 1965, charting at No. 2 in the UK and No. 24 in the US. Them's single is listed at either No. 33 or No. 36 in the Top 100 best - selling UK singles during the calendar year 1965, depending on source.
The Battle of Verdun (French: Bataille de Verdun [bataj də vɛʁdœ̃]; German: Schlacht um Verdun [ʃlaxt ʔʊm ˈvɛɐ̯dœ̃]), was fought from 21 February to 18 December 1916 on the Western Front. The battle was the longest of the First World War and took place on the hills north of Verdun-sur-Meuse in north-eastern France. The German 5th Army began by attacking the defences of the Fortified Region of Verdun (RFV, Région Fortifiée de Verdun) and those of the French Second Army on the right (east) bank of the Meuse. Inspired by the experience of the Second Battle of Champagne in 1915, the Germans planned to capture the Meuse Heights, an excellent defensive position with good observation for artillery-fire on Verdun. The Germans hoped that the French would commit their strategic reserve to recapture the position and suffer catastrophic losses in a battle of annihilation, at little cost to the Germans, dug in on tactically advantageous positions on the heights.
Oliver Twist is notable for its unromantic portrayal by Dickens of criminals and their sordid lives, as well as for exposing the cruel treatment of the many orphans in London in the mid-19th century. The alternative title, The Parish Boy's Progress, alludes to Bunyan's The Pilgrim's Progress, as well as the 18th-century caricature series by William Hogarth, A Rake's Progress and A Harlot's Progress.In this early example of the social novel, Dickens satirises the hypocrisies of his time, including child labour, the recruitment of children as criminals, and the presence of street children. The novel may have been inspired by the story of Robert Blincoe, an orphan whose account of working as a child labourer in a cotton mill was widely read in the 1830s. It is likely that Dickens's own youthful experiences contributed as well.Oliver Twist has been the subject of numerous adaptations for various media, including a highly successful musical play, Oliver!, and the multiple Academy Award-winning 1968 motion picture. Disney also put its spin on the novel with the animated film called Oliver & Company in 1988.
Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing, or TIGER, or TIGER/Line is a format used by the United States Census Bureau to describe land attributes such as roads, buildings, rivers, and lakes, as well as areas such as census tracts. TIGER was developed to support and improve the Bureau's process of taking the Decennial Census.
Several prominent Americans figure among Chretien du Bois' descendants, including former governor of Massachusetts William Floyd Weld, actor Marlon Brando, Jr., painter Mary Cassatt, journalist Maria Shriver (wife of California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger), Samuel Walton, General George Smith Patton III and film director George Lucas. W. E. B. Du Bois is also said to be a descendant.
A Jewish national movement, Zionism, emerged in the late - 19th century (partially in response to growing anti-Semitism) and Aliyah (Jewish immigration to the Land of Israel) increased. After World War I, Ottoman territories in the Levant came under British and French control and the League of Nations granted the British a Mandate to rule Palestine which was to be turned into a Jewish National Home. A rival Arab nationalism also claimed rights over the former Ottoman territories and sought to prevent Jewish migration into Palestine, leading to growing Arab -- Jewish tensions. Israeli independence in 1948 was marked by massive migration of Jews from Europe, a Jewish exodus from Arab and Muslim countries to Israel, and of Arabs from Israel, followed by the Arab -- Israeli conflict. About 43% of the world's Jews live in Israel today, the largest Jewish community in the world.
Pat Sajak Weekend is a talk show that aired Sunday nights on Fox News Channel and starred Pat Sajak. The show debuted in 2003 and was cancelled a few months later. Two guests were usually interviewed each week. Notable guests included Bob Barker, Joan Rivers, Kelly Ripa, Drew Carey, Jason Alexander, and Merv Griffin.
Shotei Ibata is a Japanese calligrapher and performance artist living in Kyoto, Japan. He is perhaps best known for his public demonstrations of Japanese calligraphy using a huge (up to 6 feet long) brush. He is also notable for his work, "to move calligraphy deeper into the modern world of art.": Japanese calligraphy is usually a very private activity, but he would work in front of large audiences, holding many performances in a variety of countries around the world. He is the subject of the book, "Shotei Ibata: Rock Music And Big Brush", written by Ildegarda E. Scheidegger.
Tom Flannery (born July 12, 1966) is an American singer-songwriter and playwright from Scranton, Pennsylvania, United States. AllMusic has called him "one of the most gifted songwriters to emerge at the turn of the century."
With 19 roller coasters, Six Flags Magic Mountain holds the world record for most roller coasters in an amusement park. In 2015, the park had an estimated 3.3 million visitors ranking it seventeenth in attendance in North America.
Cazzie Lee Russell (born June 7, 1944) is an American former professional basketball player and coach. An NBA All-Star, he was selected by the New York Knicks with the first overall pick of the 1966 NBA draft. He won an NBA championship with the Knicks in 1970.
Some reordering of the Thuringian states occurred during the German Mediatisation from 1795 to 1814, and the territory was included within the Napoleonic Confederation of the Rhine organized in 1806. The 1815 Congress of Vienna confirmed these changes and the Thuringian states' inclusion in the German Confederation; the Kingdom of Prussia also acquired some Thuringian territory and administered it within the Province of Saxony. The Thuringian duchies which became part of the German Empire in 1871 during the Prussian-led unification of Germany were Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, Saxe-Meiningen, Saxe-Altenburg, Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, Schwarzburg-Sondershausen, Schwarzburg-Rudolstadt and the two principalities of Reuss Elder Line and Reuss Younger Line. In 1920, after World War I, these small states merged into one state, called Thuringia; only Saxe-Coburg voted to join Bavaria instead. Weimar became the new capital of Thuringia. The coat of arms of this new state was simpler than they had been previously.
Silver Lake is a water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire, United States, in the towns of Harrisville and Nelson. Water from Silver Lake flows via Minnewawa Brook and The Branch to the Ashuelot River, a tributary of the Connecticut River.
Fischerspooner is an electroclash duo and performance troupe formed in 1998 in New York City. The name is a combination of the founders' last names, Warren Fischer and Casey Spooner.
Black Lake is located in Cheboygan and Presque Isle counties in northern Michigan, United States. With a surface area of , it is the seventh largest inland lake in Michigan. The largest body of water in the Black River watershed, it drains through the Lower Black and Cheboygan rivers into Lake Huron. Black Lake is a summer destination for many families from the suburban Detroit area and from other nearby states as well as residents of the neighboring town of Onaway.
MYSTIC is a former secret program used since 2009 by the US National Security Agency (NSA) to collect the metadata as well as the content of phone calls from several countries. The program was first revealed in March 2014, based upon documents leaked by Edward Snowden.
The jurisdictions of the city's administrative agencies are, in ascending order of size: the Hyderabad Police area, Hyderabad district, the GHMC area ("Hyderabad city") and the area under the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA). The HMDA is an apolitical urban planning agency that covers the GHMC and its suburbs, extending to 54 mandals in five districts encircling the city. It coordinates the development activities of GHMC and suburban municipalities and manages the administration of bodies such as the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWSSB).
A traditional sport played in Tuvalu is kilikiti, which is similar to cricket. A popular sport specific to Tuvalu is Ano, which is played with two round balls of 12 cm (5 in) diameter. Ano is a localised version of volleyball, in which the two hard balls made from pandanus leaves are volleyed at great speed with the team members trying to stop the Ano hitting the ground. Traditional sports in the late 19th century were foot racing, lance throwing, quarterstaff fencing and wrestling, although the Christian missionaries disapproved of these activities.
The Scion bbX was first concept car to be revealed by Toyota for its daughter company, Scion. The concept was first shown at the New York International Auto Show in 2003. As shown at the motor show, the bbX is very similar to the design of the Scion xB, sold for two generations from 2003 to 2015.
Mycenae House is a community centre housed in a former convent building adjacent to the Georgian villa, Woodlands House, in Mycenae Road, in the Westcombe Park area of Greenwich, London.
Death Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal published ten times a year by Routledge and sponsored by the Association for Death Education and Counseling - The Thanatology Association. It focuses on issues related to death, dying, bereavement, and death education.
The Judge Advocate General's Corps also known as the ``JAG Corps ''or`` JAG'' is the legal arm of the United States Air Force.
Upi Avianto is an Indonesian screenwriter and film director who has worked on several of Indonesia's most popular films in the 2000s. She directed the 2004 film "30 Hari Mencari Cinta" ("30 Days Looking for Love") which founded the film career of actress Nirina Zubir.
Injakkadan Mathai & Sons is a 1993 Malayalam film written by Kaloor Dennis and directed by Anil Babu, starring Suresh Gopi, Jagadish, Innocent, and Urvashi.
Though much of downtown Portland is relatively flat, the foothills of the Tualatin Mountains, more commonly referred to locally as the ``West Hills '', pierce through the northwest and southwest reaches of the city. Council Crest Park, commonly thought of as the highest point within city limits, is in the West Hills and rises to an elevation of 1,073 feet (327 m) The city's actual high point is a little - known and infrequently accessed point (1,180 feet) near Forest Park. The highest point east of the river is Mt. Tabor, an extinct volcanic cinder cone, which rises to 636 feet (194 m). Nearby Powell Butte and Rocky Butte rise to 614 feet (187 m) and 612 feet (187 m), respectively. To the west of the Tualatin Mountains lies the Oregon Coast Range, and to the east lies the actively volcanic Cascade Range. On clear days, Mt. Hood and Mt. St. Helens dominate the horizon, while Mt. Adams and Mt. Rainier can also be seen in the distance.
Orthodox Christianity includes a large number of traditions regarding the Ever Virgin Mary, the Theotokos. The Orthodox believe that she was and remained a virgin before and after Christ's birth. The Theotokia (i.e., hymns to the Theotokos) are an essential part of the Divine Services in the Eastern Church and their positioning within the liturgical sequence effectively places the Theotokos in the most prominent place after Christ. Within the Orthodox tradition, the order of the saints begins with: The Theotokos, Angels, Prophets, Apostles, Fathers, Martyrs, etc. giving the Virgin Mary precedence over the angels. She is also proclaimed as the "Lady of the Angels".
``Turn Me On ''Single by Norah Jones from the album First Sessions / Come Away with Me Released 2003 Format CD single Recorded 2002 Genre Jazz, pop Length 2: 34 Label Blue Note Songwriter (s) John D. Loudermilk Producer (s) Lee Alexander, Norah Jones Norah Jones singles chronology`` Come Away with Me'' (2003) ``Turn Me On ''(2003)`` Sunrise'' (2004) ``Come Away with Me ''(2003)`` Turn Me On'' (2004) ``Sunrise ''(2004)
Microsoft Dangerous Creatures is a discontinued educational programme by Microsoft Home. It was designed for Windows 3.1 and first published in August 1994. It was included in the "Microsoft Home bundle pack" along with 'Encarta', 'Works Multimedia', Money and 'Arcade & Best of Windows Entertainment Pack'.
Lake Manzala ( "baḥīrat manzala"), also Manzaleh, is a brackish lake, sometimes called a lagoon, in northeastern Egypt on the Nile Delta near Port Said and a few miles from the ancient ruins at Tanis. It is the largest of the northern deltaic lakes of Egypt. As of 2008 it is 47 km long and 30 km wide.
During major political events in the United States, he anchored coverage of it from the Canadian Embassy in Washington. The only events he did not anchor from Washington were the State of the Union addresses and the state funeral of Reagan. He anchored coverage of both those events from the CBC Ottawa bureau, where his daily politics program is based.
Following Kammu's death in 806 and a succession struggle among his sons, two new offices were established in an effort to adjust the Taika-Taihō administrative structure. Through the new Emperor's Private Office, the emperor could issue administrative edicts more directly and with more self-assurance than before. The new Metropolitan Police Board replaced the largely ceremonial imperial guard units. While these two offices strengthened the emperor's position temporarily, soon they and other Chinese-style structures were bypassed in the developing state. In 838 the end of the imperial-sanctioned missions to Tang China, which had begun in 630, marked the effective end of Chinese influence. Tang China was in a state of decline, and Chinese Buddhists were severely persecuted, undermining Japanese respect for Chinese institutions. Japan began to turn inward.
Here Comes the Boom is a 2012 American comedy film directed by Frank Coraci, co-written, produced by and starring Kevin James. It was also written by Allan Loeb and Rock Reuben with music by Rupert Gregson-Williams. The film co-stars Henry Winkler and Salma Hayek. It was produced by Happy Madison Productions. The film was released in the United States on October 12, 2012 by Columbia Pictures. The film's title is taken from the song "Boom" by Christian nu metal band P.O.D.
Caesars Palace 2000 is a gambling simulation video game developed by Runecraft and published by Interplay Entertainment. It was released in North America and Europe in June 2000 for the PlayStation, Dreamcast and Microsoft Windows' PCs. It is named after the famous Caesars Palace luxury hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Despite early victories, Pyrrhus found his position in Italy untenable. Rome steadfastly refused to negotiate with Pyrrhus as long as his army remained in Italy. Facing unacceptably heavy losses from each encounter with the Roman army, Pyrrhus withdrew from the peninsula (hence the term "Pyrrhic victory"). In 275 BC, Pyrrhus again met the Roman army at the Battle of Beneventum. While Beneventum was indecisive, Pyrrhus realised his army had been exhausted and reduced by years of foreign campaigns. Seeing little hope for further gains, he withdrew completely from Italy.
Hörnli mountain is located on the territory of the community of Fischenthal, in the Zürcher Oberland, in the eastern part of canton of Zürich, in Switzerland. It is high.
Underpinning Houston's land surface are unconsolidated clays, clay shales, and poorly cemented sands up to several miles deep. The region's geology developed from river deposits formed from the erosion of the Rocky Mountains. These sediments consist of a series of sands and clays deposited on decaying organic marine matter, that over time, transformed into oil and natural gas. Beneath the layers of sediment is a water-deposited layer of halite, a rock salt. The porous layers were compressed over time and forced upward. As it pushed upward, the salt dragged surrounding sediments into salt dome formations, often trapping oil and gas that seeped from the surrounding porous sands. The thick, rich, sometimes black, surface soil is suitable for rice farming in suburban outskirts where the city continues to grow.
The Tiebout model, also known as Tiebout sorting, Tiebout migration, or Tiebout hypothesis, is a positive political theory model first described by economist Charles Tiebout in his article "A Pure Theory of Local Expenditures" (1956). The essence of the model is that there is in fact a non-political solution to the free rider problem in local governance. Specifically, competition across local jurisdictions places competitive pressures on the provision of local public goods such that these local governments are able to provide the optimal level of public goods.
By 1803, at the height of its rule in India, the British East India company had a private army of about 260,000 -- twice the size of the British Army, with Indian revenues of £13,464,561, and expenses of £14,017,473. The company eventually came to rule large areas of India with its private armies, exercising military power and assuming administrative functions. Company rule in India effectively began in 1757 and lasted until 1858, when, following the Indian Rebellion of 1857, the Government of India Act 1858 led to the British Crown's assuming direct control of the Indian subcontinent in the form of the new British Raj.
"Gelukkig zijn" (translated: "Being happy", English version: "Could It Be Happiness") was the Belgian entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1975, performed in Dutch and English by Ann Christy. When performing the song at Eurovision in Stockholm, Christy sang the first verse and chorus in Dutch and the rest in English.
Summerteeth (stylized as summerteeth) is the third studio album by the American alternative rock band Wilco, released on March 9, 1999 by Reprise Records. The album was heavily influenced lyrically by 20th century literature, as well as singer Jeff Tweedy's marital problems. Unlike previous albums, "Summerteeth" was heavily overdubbed in the studio with Pro Tools. Tweedy and Jay Bennett wrote most of the album in the studio, a contrast to the band's previous albums, which were often recorded live by the entire band with minimal overdubs.
Jasmine Estates is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pasco County, Florida, United States. The population was 18,989 at the 2010 census.
The 221st Military Intelligence Battalion, based at the Gillem Enclave in Forest Park, Georgia, is a major battalion in the 560th Battlefield Surveillance Brigade (United States) in the Army National Guard
Nanjing, one of the nation's most important cities for over a thousand years, is recognized as one of the Four Great Ancient Capitals of China, and had been the world's largest city aggregately for hundreds of years, enjoyed peace and prosperity and beared wars and disasters. Nanjing served as the capital of Eastern Wu, one of the three major states in the Three Kingdoms period (211-280); the Eastern Jin and each of the Southern Dynasties (Liu Song, Southern Qi, Liang and Chen), which successively ruled southern China from 317-589; the Southern Tang, one of the Ten Kingdoms (937-76); the Ming dynasty when, for the first time, all of China was ruled from the city (1368-1421); and the Republic of China (1927–37, 1945–49) prior to its flight to Taiwan during the Chinese Civil War. The city also served as the seat of the rebel Taiping Heavenly Kingdom (1851–64) and the Japanese puppet regime of Wang Jingwei (1940–45) during the Second Sino-Japanese War, and suffered appalling atrocities in both conflicts, including the Nanjing Massacre. It has been serving as the capital city of Jiangsu province after the China was established, and is still the nominal capital of Republic of China that accommodates many of its important heritage sites, including the Presidential Palace and Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum. Nanjing is famous for human historical landscapes, mountains and waters such as Fuzimiao, Ming Palace, Chaotian Palace, Porcelain Tower, Drum Tower, Stone City, City Wall, Qinhuai River, Xuanwu Lake and Purple Mountain. Key cultural facilities include Nanjing Library, Nanjing Museum and Art Museum.
Robert C. McNair (born 1937) is an American businessman, philanthropist, and the owner of the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL).
The NHL on ABC is the branding formerly used for broadcasts of National Hockey League (NHL) games televised on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States. The network first broadcast NHL games during the 1992–93 season under a time-buy agreement with ESPN; ABC resumed regular season game telecasts on February 6, 2000, as part of a joint contract with ESPN that also gave ABC the rights to select games from each round of the Stanley Cup playoffs.
WFMK (99.1 FM) is an adult contemporary radio station licensed to East Lansing, Michigan and serving the Lansing radio market. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and broadcasts in HD radio.
The independence of the Thirteen Colonies in North America in 1783 after the American War of Independence caused Britain to lose some of its oldest and most populous colonies. British attention soon turned towards Asia, Africa, and the Pacific. After the defeat of France in the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars (1792 -- 1815), Britain emerged as the principal naval and imperial power of the 19th century. Unchallenged at sea, British dominance was later described as Pax Britannica (``British Peace ''), a period of relative peace in Europe and the world (1815 -- 1914) during which the British Empire became the global hegemon and adopted the role of global policeman. In the early 19th century, the Industrial Revolution began to transform Britain; by the time of the Great Exhibition in 1851 the country was described as the`` workshop of the world''. The British Empire expanded to include most of India, large parts of Africa and many other territories throughout the world. Alongside the formal control that Britain exerted over its own colonies, its dominance of much of world trade meant that it effectively controlled the economies of many regions, such as Asia and Latin America.
Annually, the Event Center hosts the FIRST Robotics Competition Silicon Valley Regional. The San Jose State University Career Center also uses the arena to host its fall and spring career fairs, which generally feature hundreds of potential employers for students of San José State University.
Born in Barcelona, Piera began to play for Centre d'Esports de Sants. Piera was one of the best right wings in the history of FC Barcelona, where he played from 1920-21 season to 1932-33 season and appeared in 395 games, scored 123 goals.
The Republic of Tecala, where most of Proof of Life is set, is a fictional South American country. Tecala has long been the scene of an internal conflict between its government forces and the Liberation Army of Tecala (ELT). The ELT was originally a Marxist guerrilla group supported by the Soviet Union, but after the Soviet Union's dissolution in 1991, the ELT's primary source of funding fell through, and they began kidnapping people for ransom to fund their operations. A map seen in the film is that of Ecuador. The country's capital Quito was chosen along with the eastern jungle and the nearby city of Baños de Agua Santa in the Ecuadorian Andes.
Sylvester is a name derived from the Latin adjective silvestris meaning ``wooded ''or`` wild'', which derives from the noun silva meaning ``woodland ''. Classical Latin spells this with i. In Classical Latin y represented a separate sound distinct from i, not a native Latin sound but one used in transcriptions of foreign words. After the Classical period y came to be pronounced as i. Spellings with Sylv - in place of Silv - date from after the Classical period.
Pam Shriver and Natasha Zvereva were the defending champions but they competed with different partners that year, Shriver with Martina Navratilova and Zvereva with Gigi Fernández.
The painters of the early Renaissance used two traditional lake pigments, made from mixing dye with either chalk or alum, kermes lake, made from kermes insects, and madder lake, made from the rubia tinctorum plant. With the arrival of cochineal, they had a third, carmine, which made a very fine crimson, though it had a tendency to change color if not used carefully. It was used by almost all the great painters of the 15th and 16th centuries, including Rembrandt, Vermeer, Rubens, Anthony van Dyck, Diego Velázquez and Tintoretto. Later it was used by Thomas Gainsborough, Seurat and J.M.W. Turner.
In the 2005–06 season, Barcelona repeated their league and Supercup successes. The pinnacle of the league season arrived at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium in a 3–0 win over Real Madrid. It was Frank Rijkaard's second victory at the Bernabéu, making him the first Barcelona manager to win there twice. Ronaldinho's performance was so impressive that after his second goal, which was Barcelona's third, some Real Madrid fans gave him a standing ovation. In the Champions League, Barcelona beat the English club Arsenal in the final. Trailing 1–0 to a 10-man Arsenal and with less than 15 minutes remaining, they came back to win 2–1, with substitute Henrik Larsson, in his final appearance for the club, setting up goals for Samuel Eto'o and fellow substitute Juliano Belletti, for the club's first European Cup victory in 14 years.
Early web browsers supported only a very simple version of HTML. The rapid development of proprietary web browsers led to the development of non-standard dialects of HTML, leading to problems with interoperability. Modern web browsers support a combination of standards-based and de facto HTML and XHTML, which should be rendered in the same way by all browsers.
Florida i/ˈflɒrɪdə/ (Spanish for "flowery land") is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States. The state is bordered to the west by the Gulf of Mexico, to the north by Alabama and Georgia, to the east by the Atlantic Ocean, and to the south by the Straits of Florida and the sovereign state of Cuba. Florida is the 22nd most extensive, the 3rd most populous, and the 8th most densely populated of the United States. Jacksonville is the most populous city in Florida, and the largest city by area in the contiguous United States. The Miami metropolitan area is the eighth-largest metropolitan area in the United States. Tallahassee is the state capital.
Mary Jane McLeod Bethune (born Mary Jane McLeod; July 10, 1875 -- May 18, 1955) was an American educator, stateswoman, philanthropist, humanitarian and civil rights activist best known for starting a private school for African - American students in Daytona Beach, Florida. She attracted donations of time and money, and developed the academic school as a college. It later continued to develop as Bethune - Cookman University. She also was appointed as a national adviser to president Franklin D. Roosevelt as part of what was known as his Black Cabinet. She was known as ``The First Lady of The Struggle ''because of her commitment to gain better lives for African Americans.
Park Sang-jin (, born 3 March 1987) is a South Korean football player who plays as a fullback for South Korean club that K-League side Gangwon FC.
Roy Dotrice, OBE (born 26 May 1923) is a British actor known for his Tony Award - winning Broadway performance in the revival of A Moon for the Misbegotten. Film audiences know him best for his role as Leopold Mozart in the Oscar - winning film Amadeus. He is also known for narrating the audio book versions of the A Song of Ice and Fire series.
On and On and Beyond is the debut extended play by American rapper Mac Miller. It was released digitally on March 29, 2011. The tracks "Another Night", and "Live Free" were previously released on Mac Miller's 2009 mixtape "The High Life", while "Life Ain't Easy", and "In the Air" are taken from 2011's "Best Day Ever". The EP entered the US "Billboard" 200 on April 16 2011 at number 55 on the chart.
Francis "Frank" Crawford Armstrong (November 22, 1835 – September 8, 1909) was a United States Army cavalry officer and later a brigadier general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War. He is also known for being the only Confederate general to fight on both sides during the Civil War.
The Occupation of the Ruhr (German: Ruhrbesetzung) was a period of military occupation of the German Ruhr valley by France and Belgium between 1923 and 1925 in response to the Weimar Republic's failure to continue its reparation payments in the aftermath of World War I.
Souvenir is an album by Eric Johnson released in 2002. It is a collection of previously unreleased material spanning 25 years. The album was unique in that it was only available for purchase through Eric Johnson's website. The album was released between "Seven Worlds" in 1998 and "Bloom" in 2005.
As explained by Richard Meade in the English Journal of the (American) National Council of Teachers of English, the form daylight savings time (with an "s") was already in 1978 much more common than the older form daylight saving time in American English ("the change has been virtually accomplished"). Nevertheless, even dictionaries such as Merriam-Webster's, American Heritage, and Oxford, which describe actual usage instead of prescribing outdated usage (and therefore also list the newer form), still list the older form first. This is because the older form is still very common in print and preferred by many editors. ("Although daylight saving time is considered correct, daylight savings time (with an "s") is commonly used.") The first two words are sometimes hyphenated (daylight-saving[s] time). Merriam-Webster's also lists the forms daylight saving (without "time"), daylight savings (without "time"), and daylight time.
Sabi Sabi is a private game reserve in South Africa, situated in the Sabi Sand Game Reserve which flanks the south western section of the Kruger National Park. The Sabi Sand Reserve is one of the parks that make up the Greater Kruger National Park.
Óscar Cantón Zetina (born 1 August 1953) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Party of the Democratic Revolution (previously to the Institutional Revolutionary Party). As of 2014 he served as Senator of the LIV, LV, LVIII and LIX Legislatures of the Mexican Congress representing Tabasco and as Deputy of the LII Legislature.
The Women's National Book Association (WNBA) was established in 1917, as an organization to promote the role of women in the community of the book. This organization includes twelve active chapters in the United States, network members outside regional chapters, and corporate sponsorships. WNBA is a broad-based, non-profit, 501(c)(3) organization offering three distinguished national awards and a longstanding history of literary activism.
The Lego Batman Movie is a 2017 3D computer - animated superhero comedy film produced by the Warner Animation Group. It was directed by Chris McKay, and written by Seth Grahame - Smith, Chris McKenna, Erik Sommers, Jared Stern and John Whittington, and produced by Dan Lin, Roy Lee, Phil Lord and Christopher Miller. Based on the Lego Batman toy line, the film is an international co-production of the United States, Australia, and Denmark, and the first spin - off installment of The Lego Movie franchise. The story focuses on the DC Comics character Batman as he attempts to overcome his greatest fear to stop the Joker's latest plan, with Will Arnett reprising his role as Batman for the film, along with Zach Galifianakis, Michael Cera, Rosario Dawson, and Ralph Fiennes.
Arthur Frank Holmes (March 15, 1924 – October 8, 2011) was an English philosopher who served as Professor of Philosophy at Wheaton College in Illinois from 1951 to 1994. He is remembered for his contribution to Christian higher education in the United States not only by teaching and building the philosophy department at Wheaton, but also by writing influential books and articles about the philosophy of Christian education, participating in the creation of the Society of Christian Philosophers, and encouraging his students to go on for graduate study and become academic leaders in their own rights. Wheaton College President Philip Ryken said "It would be hard to think of anyone who has had a greater impact on Christian higher education than Arthur Holmes." Holmes died in Wheaton, Illinois, on October 8, 2011, at age 87.
Unions in Britain were subject to often severe repression until 1824, but were already widespread in cities such as London. Trade unions were legalised in 1824, when growing numbers of factory workers joined these associations in their efforts to achieve better wages and working conditions. Workplace militancy had also manifested itself as Luddism and had been prominent in struggles such as the 1820 Rising in Scotland, in which 60,000 workers went on a general strike, which was soon crushed. From 1830 on, attempts were made to set up national general unions, most notably Robert Owen's Grand National Consolidated Trades Union in 1834, which attracted a range of socialists from Owenites to revolutionaries. That organisation played a part in the protests after the Tolpuddle Martyrs' case, but soon collapsed.
My Heart is the eighth studio album released by country music artist Lorrie Morgan. It features two chart singles: "Here I Go Again" (#72) and "Maybe Not Tonight", a duet with Sammy Kershaw (#17). The latter song was also included on Kershaw's 1999 album "Maybe Not Tonight". The track "The Only Thing That Looks Good on Me Is You" is a cover of a Bryan Adams song.
Myanmar (also known as Burma) is the northwestern-most country of mainland Southeast Asia, bordering China, India, Bangladesh, Thailand and Laos. It lies along the Indian and Eurasian Plates, to the southeast of the Himalayas. To its west is the Bay of Bengal and to its south is the Andaman Sea. It is strategically located near major Indian Ocean shipping lanes.
The Osilinka Ranges are a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located between Osilinka River and Lay Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.
Broken Shadows is an album by the American jazz saxophonist and composer Ornette Coleman recorded in 1971, at the same sessions that produced "Science Fiction", but not released on the Columbia label until 1982.
Mavro Orbini (1563–1614) was a Ragusan chronicler, notable for his work "The Realm of the Slavs" (1601) which influenced Slavic ideology and historiography in the later centuries.
Until 1998, Castellaneta was paid $30,000 per episode. During a pay dispute in 1998, Fox threatened to replace the six main voice actors with new actors, going as far as preparing for casting of new voices. The dispute was soon resolved and he received $125,000 per episode until 2004 when the voice actors demanded that they be paid $360,000 an episode. The issue was resolved a month later, and Castellaneta earned $250,000 per episode. After salary re-negotiations in 2008, the voice actors received approximately $400,000 per episode. Three years later, with Fox threatening to cancel the series unless production costs were cut, Castellaneta and the other cast members accepted a 25 percent pay cut, down to over $300,000 per episode.
John Walfrid Nyquist (born February 11, 1933) is a retired a vice admiral in the United States Navy. He was born in San Diego, California, the son of rear admiral Nels Walfrid Nyquist and Irma Beske. He attended the University of Minnesota and United States Naval Academy, graduating from the latter in 1955. He is a former commander of Destroyer Squadron 26, Destroyer Squadron 20, USS "Semmes" (DDG-18) and Cruiser-Destroyer Group Five. He also worked in the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations as Assistant Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, Surface Warfare, and Assistant Chief of Naval Operations, Surface Warfare. He retired in 1991. His awards include the Distinguished Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star, the Meritorious Service Medal, the Navy Commendation Medal two Meritorious Unit Commendations. In retirement he worked for Trex Enterprises Corporation, and is currently a defense consultant. He resides in Coronado, California, with his wife Penelope Ann Lyon.
With Jackson's permission, his likeness was used for the Ultimate version of the Marvel Comics character Nick Fury. He has also played Fury in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) films Iron Man (2008), Iron Man 2 (2010), Thor (2011), Captain America: The First Avenger (2011), The Avengers (2012), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), and Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015) as well as the TV show Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D..
Princess Sophia Dorothea of Prussia () (25 January 1719 – 13 November 1765) was the ninth child and fifth daughter of Frederick William I of Prussia and Sophia Dorothea of Hanover. By marriage, she was a Margravine of Brandenburg-Schwedt.
The Royal Albert Bridge was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel. Surveying started in 1848 and construction commenced in 1854. The first main span was positioned in 1857 and the completed bridge was opened by Prince Albert on 2 May 1859. Brunel died later that year and his name was then placed above the portals at either end of the bridge as a memorial. Work was carried out during the twentieth century to replace the approach spans and strengthen the main spans. It has attracted sightseers since its construction and has appeared in many paintings, photographs, guidebooks, postage stamps and on the UK £2 coin. Anniversary celebrations took place in 1959 and 2009.
In 1959, the team began as the ``Los Angeles Chargers ''when they entered the American Football League (AFL), joining seven other teams: the Denver Broncos, Dallas Texans, Oakland Raiders, New York Titans, Houston Oilers, Buffalo Bills, and Boston Patriots. The Chargers' first owner was Barron Hilton, the son of Conrad Hilton, founder of the Hilton Hotels corporation. Barron Hilton held a contest to find a name for his team. The prize was a trip to Mexico. A man from Hollywood named Gerald Courtney, submitted the name`` Chargers'' and won. Conrad Hilton said, ``I liked (the name) because they were yelling`` charge ''and sounding the bugle at Dodger Stadium and at USC games ``.
New York City (You're a Woman) is the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Al Kooper for Columbia Records, recorded and released in 1971.
The Ridin' Renegade (also known as The Riding Renegade) is a 1928 American Western directed by Wallace Fox for Film Booking Offices of America (FBO) and starring Bob Steele, Nancy Drexel and Lafe McKee. The film was distributed by FBO and commercially released in the United States on 19 February 1928.
Presbyterianism is a part of the Reformed tradition within Protestantism which traces its origins to the British Isles. Presbyterian churches derive their name from the presbyterian form of church government, which is governed by representative assemblies of elders. Many Reformed churches are organized this way, but the word "Presbyterian," when capitalized, is often applied uniquely to the churches that trace their roots to the Scottish and English churches that bore that name and English political groups that formed during the English Civil War. Presbyterian theology typically emphasizes the sovereignty of God, the authority of the Scriptures, and the necessity of grace through faith in Christ. Presbyterian church government was ensured in Scotland by the Acts of Union in 1707 which created the kingdom of Great Britain. In fact, most Presbyterians found in England can trace a Scottish connection, and the Presbyterian denomination was also taken to North America mostly by Scots and Scots-Irish immigrants. The Presbyterian denominations in Scotland hold to the theology of John Calvin and his immediate successors, although there are a range of theological views within contemporary Presbyterianism. Local congregations of churches which use presbyterian polity are governed by sessions made up of representatives of the congregation (elders); a conciliar approach which is found at other levels of decision-making (presbytery, synod and general assembly).
Kranj railway station () is the railway station in Kranj, the third largest municipality and fourth largest city in Slovenia. The station is located on the railway line between Ljubljana, the capital city of Slovenia, and Villach, Austria.
Wiehre (preceded in German with the definite article "die:" ""die Wiehre"") is a residential district at the edge of Freiburg im Breisgau, located southwards and across the River Dreisam from the Old City. It is a desirable district, with comparatively quiet streets and many well-preserved commercial and residential buildings dating from the 18th century and earlier. Housing there is expensive relative to the rest of the city. The Wiehre is bordered on the west by the Rheintalbahn Karlsruhe-Basel, on the north by the Dreisam, on the east by the Waldsee (another district of Freiburg), and on the south by a wood known as the Sternwald am Bromberg and the village of Günterstal (which also belongs to Freiburg). The Günterstal Landstrasse, which begins at the St. Martin's Gate in the ancient town wall, bisects the Wiehre.
The Battle of Blood River (; ) is the name given for the battle fought between 470 Voortrekkers ("Pioneers"), led by Andries Pretorius, and an estimated "10,000 to 15,000" Zulu on the bank of the Ncome River on 16 December 1838, in what is today KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. Casualties amounted to over 3,000 of King Dingane's soldiers dead, including two Zulu princes competing with Prince Mpande for the Zulu throne. Three Pioneer commando members were lightly wounded, including Pretorius.
Pygame was originally written by Pete Shinners to replace PySDL after its development stalled. It has been a community project since 2000 and is released under the open source free software GNU Lesser General Public License.
The Mud Bath is a 1914 oil-on-canvas painting by David Bomberg. The work is considered a masterpiece of Bomberg's work in this period. Bomberg was a founder member of the London Group, and the painting is considered a leading example of Vorticism, although Bomberg resisted being described as a Vorticist.
The 3-inch gun M1917 was a World War I-era US-made anti-aircraft gun based on the 3-inch gun M1903. It was designed for a fixed mounting and remained in service, primarily at Coast Artillery installations, through World War II. It was determined that the weapon was too heavy and had too much recoil for mobile mountings, so a new weapon based on the lighter and less powerful 3-inch gun M1898 was developed, designated the 3-inch Gun M1918. This was the standard US anti-aircraft gun until replaced by the 3-inch gun M3 in 1930. There is some controversy as to whether any seacoast guns were actually converted into anti-aircraft guns in the development of these weapons.
Still Fork is a tributary of the Sandy Creek, long, in eastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Sandy Creek, Tuscarawas, Muskingum and Ohio Rivers, it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River, draining an area of in Carroll County, Ohio. The source is at and the mouth is at ., with an average gradient of only 0.2%. From its source in eastern Carroll County the creek flows northwest through Fox, Washington, Augusta, and Brown Townships before reaching its mouth in Minerva, Ohio. The Ohi-Rail Corporation (OHIC) and Arbor road are situated in the creeks valley over most of its length.
Historical records show evidence of Jewish communities north of the Alps and Pyrenees as early as the 8th and 9th century. By the 11th century Jewish settlers, moving from southern European and Middle Eastern centers, appear to have begun to settle in the north, especially along the Rhine, often in response to new economic opportunities and at the invitation of local Christian rulers. Thus Baldwin V, Count of Flanders, invited Jacob ben Yekutiel and his fellow Jews to settle in his lands; and soon after the Norman Conquest of England, William the Conqueror likewise extended a welcome to continental Jews to take up residence there. Bishop Rüdiger Huzmann called on the Jews of Mainz to relocate to Speyer. In all of these decisions, the idea that Jews had the know-how and capacity to jump-start the economy, improve revenues, and enlarge trade seems to have played a prominent role. Typically Jews relocated close to the markets and churches in town centres, where, though they came under the authority of both royal and ecclesiastical powers, they were accorded administrative autonomy.
The Scarecrow Oz character Illustration by W.W. Denslow from The Wonderful Wizard of Oz First appearance The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1900) Created by L. Frank Baum Portrayed by Ray Bolger Voiced by Paul Scheer (Once Upon a Time) Information Aliases Socrates Strawman Chang Wang Woe Fiyero Tigelaar Species Scarecrow Gender Male Occupation Ruler of Oz Tin Woodman's treasurer Corn farmer Title His Majesty the Scarecrow Royal Treasurer Emperor of the Silver Islands Spouse (s) Tsing Tsing (in his former incarnation) Children 3 sons 15 grandsons (from his former incarnation)
The recorded history of Maryland dates back to when Europeans began exploring the area, starting with the Italian / Venetian John Cabot (c. 1450 -- c. 1500), exploring the coast of the continent of North America for England in 1498. The first European settlements were made in 1634, when the English arrived in significant numbers and created a permanent colony. Maryland was notable for having been established with religious freedom for Roman Catholics. Like other colonies of the Chesapeake Bay, its economy was based on tobacco as a commodity crop, cultivated primarily by African slave labor, although many young people came from Britain as indentured servants in the early years.
Ralph Helfer (born April 9, 1931 in Chicago, Illinois) is a notable American animal behaviorist, creator of Marine World/Africa USA, and writer of books about animals.
"Crosley"-class high speed transports were high speed transport ships that served in the United States Navy during World War II. Some stayed in commission long enough to serve in the Korean War and the Vietnam War. All of them were converted from s during construction except for , which was converted a year after her construction. After World War II ended, several of the ships were sold to Mexico, South Korea, Taiwan, and Colombia.
Johnny Dare (born John William Caprefoli) is an American radio personality. He is host of "The Johnny Dare Morning Show" the morning show for 98.9 The Rock in Kansas City, Missouri. He is one of the station's more prominent figures, and hosts the station's annual concert festival, Rockfest, which has grown to become the biggest one-day concert event in the country.
Dragon Knight 4 (ドラゴンナイト４) is an erotic role-playing video game developed by ELF Corporation and released only in Japan for several platforms between 1994 and 1997. In 1994, the game first became available for PC MS-DOS, NEC PC-9801 and X68000, with a censored version ported to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1996 and later to the PC-FX, PlayStation and Sega Saturn in 1997. It was also adapted into illustrated novels and an anime miniseries.
El Pollo Loco, Inc. is a restaurant chain based in the United States, specializing in Mexican - style grilled chicken. Restaurant service consists of: dine - in, take - out, with some locations offering drive through options. The company is headquartered in Costa Mesa, California and operates over 400 (as of March 2014) company - owned and franchised restaurants in the Southwestern United States. ``El Pollo Loco ''is Spanish for`` The Crazy Chicken''.
Elvis Presley's version was recorded in July 1954. Its catalogue number was Sun 209. The label reads ``That's All Right ''(omitting`` Mama'' from the original title), and names the performers as Elvis Presley, Scotty and Bill. Arthur Crudup was credited as the composer on the label of Presley's single, but even after legal battles into the 1970s, was reportedly never paid royalties. An out - of - court settlement was supposed to pay Crudup an estimated $60,000 in back royalties, but never materialized. Crudup had used lines in his song that had been present in earlier blues recordings, including Blind Lemon Jefferson's 1926 song ``That Black Snake Moan ''.
The British government began transporting convicts overseas to American colonies in the early 18th century. When transportation ended with the start of the American Revolution, an alternative site was needed to relieve further overcrowding of British prisons and hulks. Earlier in 1770, James Cook charted and claimed possession of the east coast of Australia for Britain. Seeking to pre-empt the French colonial empire from expanding into the region, Britain chose Australia as the site of a penal colony, and in 1787, the First Fleet of eleven convict ships set sail for Botany Bay, arriving on 20 January 1788 to found Sydney, New South Wales, the first European settlement on the continent. Other penal colonies were later established in Van Diemen's Land (Tasmania) in 1803 and Queensland in 1824, while Western Australia, founded in 1829 as a free colony, received convicts from 1850. Victoria and South Australia remained free colonies. Penal transportation to Australia peaked in the 1830s and dropped off significantly the following decade. The last convict ship arrived in Western Australia on 10 January 1868.
Pontianak Harum Sundal Malam, also known as "Pontianak Scent of the Tuber Rose" or "Fragrant Night Vampire", is a 2004 Malaysian horror film directed and written by Shuhaimi Baba. Starring Maya Karin, the film is about a restless spirit ("pontianak") Meriam who seeks revenge upon those who killed her. The film was released on 20 May 2004 and was a major box office success in Malaysia.
Astronomers like Hipparchus (c. 190 – c. 120 BC) built upon the measurements of the Babylonian astronomers before him, to measure the precession of the Earth. Pliny reports that Hipparchus produced the first systematic star catalog after he observed a new star (it is uncertain whether this was a nova or a comet) and wished to preserve astronomical record of the stars, so that other new stars could be discovered. It has recently been claimed that a celestial globe based on Hipparchus's star catalog sits atop the broad shoulders of a large 2nd-century Roman statue known as the Farnese Atlas. Another astronomer, Aristarchos of Samos developed a heliocentric system.
The French invaded Morocco in 1912 and established a protectorate. The French administrator of Morocco, General Hubert Lyautey, decided to relocate the country's capital from Fez to Rabat. Among other factors, rebellious citizens had made Fez an unstable place. Sultan Moulay Youssef followed the decision of the French and moved his residence to Rabat. In 1913, Gen. Lyautey hired Henri Prost who designed the Ville Nouvelle (Rabat's modern quarter) as an administrative sector. When Morocco achieved independence in 1955, Mohammed V, the then King of Morocco, chose to have the capital remain at Rabat.
35 to be the President or Vice President, Governor and Lieutenant - Governor of the States as specified in the Constitution of India
Casting announcements began in June 2014, with Martin Sheen cast in the role of Robert, Grace's husband. The following month, Sam Waterston was cast in the role of Sol, Frankie's husband. June Diane Raphael and Baron Vaughn were then added to the cast, with Raphael cast in the role of Brianna, Grace and Robert's elder daughter, who rebels against Grace's decorum. Vaughn signed onto the role of Nwabudike, Frankie and Sol's son. Shortly afterwards, Ethan Embry and Brooklyn Decker were cast in the remaining roles on the series. Embry joined in the role of Coyote, Frankie and Sol's recovering drug addicted son, while Decker signed onto the role of Mallory, Grace and Robert's younger daughter. In October 2015, it was announced Sam Elliott would appear in the second season as Grace's love interest. In April 2017, it was reported that Lisa Kudrow will appear in the fourth season as Sheree, Grace's manicurist. In February 2018, the same day as the fifth season was commissioned, RuPaul was confirmed to appear in the fifth season as a rival of Grace and Frankie.
Enric Reyna i Martínez (Barcelona, 1940) is a builder from Barcelona, known to have been the 37th president of FC Barcelona on 12 February 2003, following the resignation of Joan Gaspart.
The Wielkopolska Chronicle (or "Chronicle of Greater Poland", ) is an anonymous medieval chronicle describing supposed history of Poland from legendary times up to the year 1273. It was written in Latin at the end of the 13th or the beginning of the 14th century.
The Book of Concord is the historic doctrinal statement of the Lutheran Church, consisting of ten credal documents recognized as authoritative in Lutheranism since the 16th century. However, the Book of Concord is a confessional document (stating orthodox belief) rather than a book of ecclesiastical rules or discipline, like canon law. Each Lutheran national church establishes its own system of church order and discipline, though these are referred to as "canons."
In 1975, the first practical solar boat was constructed in England. By 1995, passenger boats incorporating PV panels began appearing and are now used extensively. In 1996, Kenichi Horie made the first solar powered crossing of the Pacific Ocean, and the sun21 catamaran made the first solar powered crossing of the Atlantic Ocean in the winter of 2006–2007. There were plans to circumnavigate the globe in 2010.
The 1977 Knesset elections marked a major turning point in Israeli political history as Menachem Begin's Likud party took control from the Labor Party. Later that year, Egyptian President Anwar El Sadat made a trip to Israel and spoke before the Knesset in what was the first recognition of Israel by an Arab head of state. In the two years that followed, Sadat and Begin signed the Camp David Accords (1978) and the Israel–Egypt Peace Treaty (1979). In return, Israel withdrew from the Sinai Peninsula, which Israel had captured during the Six-Day War in 1967, and agreed to enter negotiations over an autonomy for Palestinians in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
Greenhorn is a census-designated place (CDP) in Plumas County, California, United States. The population was 236 at the 2010 census, up form 146 at the 2000 census.
Puerto Rico's constitution expressly forbids capital punishment, stating "The death penalty shall not exist", setting it apart from all U.S. states and territories other than Michigan, which also has a constitutional prohibition (eleven other states and the District of Columbia have abolished capital punishment through statutory law). However, capital punishment is still applicable to offenses committed in Puerto Rico, if they fall under the jurisdiction of the federal government, though federal death penalty prosecutions there have generated significant controversy.
Linda Edna Cardellini / kɑːrdɛlɪni / kar - DEL - i - NEE (born June 25, 1975) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Lindsay Weir on Freaks and Geeks, Samantha Taggart on ER, Velma Dinkley in the live - action Scooby - Doo feature films, Sylvia Rosen, a neighbor of Don Draper's on the AMC drama series Mad Men, Meg Rayburn on the Netflix original series Bloodline, Cassie in Brokeback Mountain, and Laura Barton in Avengers: Age of Ultron. She is also known for voicing roles in animated projects such as CJ in Regular Show, Marcy ``Hot Dog Water ''Fleach in Scooby - Doo! Mystery Incorporated, Wendy Corduroy in Gravity Falls, and Megan in Sanjay and Craig.
Schwarzenegger ran for re-election against Democrat Phil Angelides, the California State Treasurer, in the 2006 elections, held on November 7, 2006. Despite a poor year nationally for the Republican party, Schwarzenegger won re-election with 56.0% of the vote compared with 38.9% for Angelides, a margin of well over one million votes. In recent years, many commentators have seen Schwarzenegger as moving away from the right and towards the center of the political spectrum. After hearing a speech by Schwarzenegger at the 2006 Martin Luther King, Jr. breakfast, San Francisco mayor Gavin Newsom said that, "[H]e's becoming a Democrat [… H]e's running back, not even to the center. I would say center-left".
Calderón (pronounced (kaldeˈɾon)) is a Spanish occupational surname. It is derived from the Vulgar Latin ``caldaria ''(`` cauldron'') and refers to the occupation of tinker.
Year Recipient Nationality or Base Country Pandurang Shastri Athavale India 2001 Oung Chanthol Cambodia 2001 Dita Indah Sari Indonesia 2002 Sandeep Pandey India 2003 Aniceto Guterres Lopes Timor - Leste Benjamin Abadiano Philippines 2005 Hye - Ran Yoon South Korea 2006 Arvind Kejriwal India 2007 Chen Guangcheng China 2007 Chung To United States in Hong Kong 2008 Ananda Galappatti Sri Lanka 2009 Ka Hsaw Wa Burma 2011 Nileema Mishra India 2012 Ambrosius Ruwindrijarto Indonesia 2014 Randy Halasan Philippines 2015 Sanjiv Chaturvedi India 2016 Thodur Madabusi Krishna India
Born in Oxford, Oxfordshire, England Rupert Lowe was educated at Radley College and the University of Reading before gaining a reputation working in the City of London for companies such as Morgan Grenfell and Deutsche Bank. He was also a board member of the London International Financial Futures Exchange. He founded Secure Retirements, a quoted care home provider, with Andrew Cowen, later the Southampton F.C. Vice Chairman.
Scott ``Scotty ''Grainger, Jr. is a fictional character from the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless. He was played by actor Blair Redford from July 2005 until January 2006. In January 2017, Soap Opera Digest announced that Daniel Hall had been recast in the role.
Kirby's Dream Land is an action platform video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the Game Boy. Released in 1992, it is the first video game in the "Kirby" series and the debut of Kirby. As the inaugural "Kirby" title it created many conventions that would appear in later games in the series. However, Kirby's iconic copy ability would not appear until "Kirby's Adventure", released less than one year later.
Constantin Film bought the film rights for the characters in 1986. A low - budget film was produced in 1992 by New Horizon Studios owned by Roger Corman. In 2004, with a distribution deal from 20th Century Fox, a second Fantastic Four film entered production. Fantastic Four was released in 2005 and the sequel Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer was released in 2007. Both films received mixed to negative reviews from critics, yet earned a combined US $619 million worldwide at the box office. Due to 20th Century Fox's disappointment with the box - office return of Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer, a potential third Fantastic Four film and a Silver Surfer spin - off film were canceled.
Greatest Hits is a live album by American pop singer Andy Williams that was digitally recorded live in concert at the Andy Williams Moon River Theater in Branson, Missouri and released by the LaserLight division of Delta Music Inc. in 1994. It includes performances of songs that he had previously recorded during his time with the Cadence and Columbia labels as well as one he had never recorded before -- "L-O-V-E", which Nat King Cole took to number 81 pop and number 17 Easy Listening in "Billboard" magazine in 1964.
Sir Edwin Landseer Lutyens, (; ; 29 March 1869 – 1 January 1944) was an English architect known for imaginatively adapting traditional architectural styles to the requirements of his era. He designed many English country houses, war memorials and public buildings. In his biography, the writer Christopher Hussey wrote, "In his lifetime (Lutyens) was widely held to be our greatest architect since Wren if not, as many maintained, his superior". The architectural historian Gavin Stamp described him as "surely the greatest British architect of the twentieth (or of any other) century".
Victor Newman The Young and the Restless character Portrayed by Eric Braeden Duration 1980 -- First appearance February 8, 1980 Introduced by William J. Bell Crossover appearances The Bold and the Beautiful Classification Present; regular Profile Other names Christian Miller Victor Christian Newman Occupation Multimillionaire Businessman and Investor Home Genoa City, Wisconsin show Family Family Newman Father Albert Miller Mother Cora Miller Brothers Matt Miller Wife Julia Newman (1970 -- 81) Nikki Newman (1984 -- 88, 2002 -- 08, 2013 --) Leanna Love (1988) Ashley Abbott (1990 -- 93, 2009) Hope Wilson (1994 -- 95) Diane Jenkins (1997 -- 99, 2011) Sabrina Costelana (2008) Sharon Newman (2012) Sons Nicholas Newman Adam Newman Daughters Victoria Newman Abby Newman Stepsons Dylan McAvoy (2013 --) Grandsons Noah Newman Reed Hellstrom Johnny Abbott (adoptive) Connor Newman Christian Newman Granddaughters Cassie Newman (adoptive) Eve Nicole Howard Summer Newman Faith Newman Katie Newman Other relatives Colleen Carlton (goddaughter)
In 1884, the club added Ladies' Singles and Gentlemen's Doubles competitions. Ladies' Doubles and Mixed Doubles events were added in 1913. Until 1922, the reigning champion had to play only in the final, against whomever had won through to challenge him / her. As with the other three Major or Grand Slam events, Wimbledon was contested by top - ranked amateur players, professional players were prohibited from participating. This changed with the advent of the open era in 1968. No British man won the singles event at Wimbledon between Fred Perry in 1936 and Andy Murray in 2013, while no British woman has won since Virginia Wade in 1977, although Annabel Croft and Laura Robson won the Girls' Championship in 1984 and 2008 respectively. The Championship was first televised in 1937.
As of October 2016, Cheaters has started its seventeenth season. On June 2 2018 longtime Cheaters detective Detective Gomez posted on his YouTube page that they will be filming new episodes of Cheaters and will begin to show new episodes in September 2018 after a long hiatus.
In October 2015, TCM announced the launch of the TCM Wineclub, in which they teamed up with Laithwaite to provide a line of mail-order wines from famous vineyards such as famed writer-director-producer Francis Ford Coppola's winery. Wines are available in 3 month subscriptions, and can be selected as reds, whites, or a mixture of both. From the wines chosen, TCM also includes recommended movies to watch with each, such as a "True Grit" wine, to be paired with the John Wayne film of the same name.
The USA Gymnastics National Team Training Center at Karolyi Ranch or simply Karolyi Ranch in unincorporated Walker County, Texas, southeast of Huntsville, was a gymnastics camp facility which was the site of the main training center for the United States women's national gymnastics team, located 70 miles (110 km) north of Houston within the Sam Houston National Forest. From 2001 to 2018, it was the USA Gymnastics' national training facility for women's artistic, trampoline, and rhythmic gymnastics disciplines.
The Rondanini Pietà is a marble sculpture that Michelangelo worked on from 1552 until the last days of his life, in 1564. Several sources indicate that there were actually three versions, with this one being the last. The name Rondanini refers to the fact that the sculpture stood for centuries in the courtyard at the Palazzo Rondanini in Rome. Certain sources point out that biographer Giorgio Vasari had referred to this Pietà in 1550, suggesting that the first version may already have been underway at that time. The work is now in the Museum of Rondanini Pietà of Sforza Castle in Milan.
``Waiting for a Star to Fall ''is a song released by the pop duo Boy Meets Girl in 1988. It was a worldwide hit and became their signature song.
The Miracle Child (French: L'enfant du miracle) is a 1932 French science fiction film based on a play of the same name by Robert Charvay and Paul Gavault. The plot of the film centers around a widow named Blanche Montel who endeavours to find a man with whom to produce a child so that she can pretend that the child was her late husband's and so inherit a fortune. In a scene which has been cited as particularly humorous, a few characters interrupt a Spiritualist séance and are subsequently believed to be ghosts. Ginette Leclerc's minor role in "The Miracle Child" was one of her first acting roles in a long and successful career.
WUOT (91.9 FM) is the National Public Radio member station in Knoxville, Tennessee. Owned by the University of Tennessee, it airs a mix of news, classical music and jazz, along with programming from NPR, American Public Media and Public Radio International. The station is also broadcast on HD radio. It primarily features classical music programming, but carries NPR news programs daily, as well as jazz music for ninety minutes every weeknight and all evening on Fridays and folk music Saturday evenings. Its studios are located in the Communications Building on the UT campus.
The Grove, also known as Loretto Rest, is a historic house located on Grove Court in Cold Spring, New York, United States. It was built as the estate of Frederick Lente, surgeon at the nearby West Point Foundry and later a founder of the American Academy of Medicine, in the mid-19th century. The Italian-villa design, popular at the time, was by the prominent architect Richard Upjohn. In 2008 it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Scion is a discontinued marque of Toyota that started in 2003. It was designed as an extension of its efforts to appeal towards younger customers. The Scion brand primarily featured sports compact vehicles (primarily badge engineered from Toyota's international models), a simplified "pure price" model, and eschewed trim levels in favor of offering a single trim for each vehicle with a range of factory and aftermarket options for buyers to choose from to personalize their vehicle. The "Scion" name, meaning the descendant of a family or heir, refers both to the brand's cars and their owners. The brand first soft launched in the United States at selected Toyota dealers in the state of California in June 2003, before expanding nationwide by February 2004. In 2010, Scion expanded into Canada. In an effort to target the generation Y demographic, Scion primarily relied on guerrilla and viral marketing techniques.
As of 1 January 2017, holders of a United States passport could travel to 174 countries and territories visa - free or with visa on arrival, and the United States passport was ranked 3rd (tied with the Danish, Finnish, Italian and Spanish passports) in terms of travel freedom according to the Henley visa restrictions index.
The Liberals are descended from the mid-19th century Reformers who agitated for responsible government throughout British North America. These included George Brown, Robert Baldwin, William Lyon Mackenzie and the Clear Grits in Upper Canada, Joseph Howe in Nova Scotia, and the Patriotes and Rouges in Lower Canada led by figures such as Louis - Joseph Papineau. The Clear Grits and Parti rouge sometimes functioned as a united bloc in the legislature of the Province of Canada beginning in 1854, and a united Liberal Party combining both English and French Canadian members was formed in 1861.
Beth Greene is a fictional character from the American horror drama television series The Walking Dead, created by season two showrunner Glen Mazzara, and portrayed by Emily Kinney. She is the daughter of veterinarian and farmer Hershel Greene and the younger half - sister of Maggie. The character has no specific counterpart in the comic book series on which the show is based.
The Tamástslikt Cultural Institute is a museum and research institute located on the Umatilla Indian Reservation near Pendleton in eastern Oregon. It is the only Native American museum along the Oregon Trail. The institute is dedicated to the culture of the Cayuse, Umatilla, and Walla Walla tribes of Native Americans. The main permanent exhibition of the museum provides a history of the culture of three tribes, and of the reservation itself. The museum also has a second hall for temporary exhibitions of specific types of Native American art, craftwork, history, and folklore related to the tribes.
Meg debuted on television when Family Guy debuted on Fox on January 31, 1999, with the episode ``Death Has a Shadow ''. Originally voiced by Lacey Chabert during the first season, she has been voiced by Mila Kunis since season 2, although Chabert returned to voice Meg in`` Yug Ylimaf'' and ``Back to the Pilot ''.
In 1934 the Zagreb Provincial Committee sent Tito to Vienna where all the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia had sought refuge. He was appointed to the Committee and started to appoint allies to him, among them Edvard Kardelj, Milovan Đilas, Aleksandar Ranković and Boris Kidrič. In 1935, Tito travelled to the Soviet Union, working for a year in the Balkans section of Comintern. He was a member of the Soviet Communist Party and the Soviet secret police (NKVD). Tito was also involved in recruiting for the Dimitrov Battalion, a group of volunteers serving in the Spanish Civil War. In 1936, the Comintern sent "Comrade Walter" (i.e. Tito) back to Yugoslavia to purge the Communist Party there. In 1937, Stalin had the Secretary-General of the CPY, Milan Gorkić, murdered in Moscow. Subsequently Tito was appointed Secretary-General of the still-outlawed CPY.
The Infiniti Q50 is a compact executive car that replaced the Infiniti G sedan, manufactured by Nissan's Infiniti luxury brand. The new model debuted at the 2013 North American International Auto Show and went on sale in North America in the third quarter 2013 and in Europe in fourth quarter 2013. A hybrid version is available.
President McKinley signed a joint Congressional resolution demanding Spanish withdrawal and authorizing the President to use military force to help Cuba gain independence on April 20, 1898.. In response, Spain severed diplomatic relations with the United States on April 21. On the same day, the U.S. Navy began a blockade of Cuba. On April 23, Spain stated that it would declare war if the US forces invaded its territory. On April 25, the U.S. Congress declared that a state of war between the U.S. and Spain had de facto existed since April 21, the day the blockade of Cuba had begun. The United States sent an ultimatum to Spain demanding that it surrender control of Cuba, but due to Spain not replying soon enough, the United States had assumed Spain had ignored the ultimatum and continued to occupy Cuba.
The "Albion"-class landing platform dock is a class of amphibious assault ship in service with the Royal Navy. The class consists of two vessels, and , ordered in 1996 to replace the ageing . Both ships were built by BAE Systems Marine at the former Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering yard in Barrow-in-Furness. "Albion" was commissioned in 2003 and "Bulwark" in 2004. Each of the ships has a crew of 325 and can accommodate up to 405 troops. Thirty-one large trucks and thirty-six smaller vehicles and main battle tanks can be carried inside the vehicle deck. To disembark troops and vehicles, the vessels are equipped with eight landing craft.
Nicolas Mérindol (born 1961 in Cambrai in the Nord Department, France), was the former CEO of the Groupe Caisse d’Épargne. Since July 2012 he has been the Chairman and Partner of Amilton, a financial services group. He was formerly the Vice-Chairman for France of Banca Leonardo, a position he took up in January 2010. He has also served as the Chairman of Constructa Asset Management’s Board of Directors since December 2012.
The 1914 FA Cup Final was a football match between Burnley and Liverpool on 25 April 1914 at Crystal Palace, London. It was the final match of the 1913–14 FA Cup, the 43rd season of the country's primary cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, better known as the FA Cup. Both teams were appearing in their first final.
The Axis states which assisted Japan included the authoritarian government of Thailand in World War II, which quickly formed a temporary alliance with the Japanese in 1941, as the Japanese forces were already invading the peninsula of southern Thailand. The Phayap Army sent troops to invade and occupy northeastern Burma, which was former Thai territory that had been annexed by Britain much earlier. Also involved were the Japanese puppet states of Manchukuo and Mengjiang (consisting of most of Manchuria and parts of Inner Mongolia respectively), and the collaborationist Wang Jingwei regime (which controlled the coastal regions of China).
Ranthambore National Park is known worldwide for its tiger population and is considered by both wilderness lovers and photographers as one of the best place in India to spot tigers. At one point, due to poaching and negligence, tigers became extinct at Sariska, but five tigers have been relocated there. Prominent among the wildlife sanctuaries are Mount Abu Sanctuary, Bhensrod Garh Sanctuary, Darrah Sanctuary, Jaisamand Sanctuary, Kumbhalgarh Wildlife Sanctuary, Jawahar Sagar sanctuary, and Sita Mata Wildlife Sanctuary.
Saint Helena was first settled by the English in 1659, and the island has a population of about 4,250 inhabitants, mainly descended from people from Britain – settlers ("planters") and soldiers – and slaves who were brought there from the beginning of settlement – initially from Africa (the Cape Verde Islands, Gold Coast and west coast of Africa are mentioned in early records), then India and Madagascar. Eventually the planters felt there were too many slaves and no more were imported after 1792.
During the administration of U.S. President Martin Van Buren, nearly 17,000 Cherokees—along with approximately 2,000 black slaves owned by Cherokees—were uprooted from their homes between 1838 and 1839 and were forced by the U.S. military to march from "emigration depots" in Eastern Tennessee (such as Fort Cass) toward the more distant Indian Territory west of Arkansas. During this relocation an estimated 4,000 Cherokees died along the way west. In the Cherokee language, the event is called Nunna daul Isunyi—"the Trail Where We Cried." The Cherokees were not the only American Indians forced to emigrate as a result of the Indian removal efforts of the United States, and so the phrase "Trail of Tears" is sometimes used to refer to similar events endured by other American Indian peoples, especially among the "Five Civilized Tribes". The phrase originated as a description of the earlier emigration of the Choctaw nation.
Members, Don't Git Weary is an album by American jazz drummer Max Roach recorded in 1968 and released on the Atlantic label.
Republican governments during the Reconstruction era established the first public school systems to be supported by general taxes. Both whites and blacks would be admitted, but legislators agreed on racially segregated schools. (The few integrated schools were located in New Orleans).
The Taifa of Niebla was an Arab taifa kingdom that existed during three distinct time periods: from 1023 to 1053, from 1145 to 1150 and from 1234 to 1262.
Geographical features are man - made or naturally - created features of the Earth. Natural geographical features consist of landforms and ecosystems. For example, terrain types, physical factors of the environment) are natural geographical features. Conversely, human settlements or other engineered forms are considered types of artificial geographical features.
Brite Divinity School is affiliated with and located at Texas Christian University. It is also affiliated with the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ). Along with being accredited by the Christian Church (Disciples of Christ), Brite is approved by the University Senate of the United Methodist Church and receives support for its Baptist Studies program from the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship. About thirty different denominations are represented in the student body of Brite, with the largest two usually being members of the Disciples of Christ and the United Methodist Churches. The current 20 full-time faculty members represent several different denominations.
During their expedition, Guevara and Granado encounter the poverty of the indigenous peasants, and the movie assumes a greater seriousness once the men gain a better sense of the disparity between the ``haves ''(to which they belong) and the obviously exploited`` have - nots'' (who make up the majority of those they encounter) by traveling on foot. In Chile, for instance, they encounter a penniless and persecuted couple forced onto the road because of their communist beliefs. In a fire - lit scene, Guevara and Granado ashamedly admit to the couple that they are not out looking for work as well. The duo then accompanies the couple to the Chuquicamata copper mine, where Guevara becomes angry at the treatment of the workers.
Premier League Founded 20 February 1992 Country England (19 teams) Other club (s) from Wales (1 team) Confederation UEFA Number of teams 20 Level on pyramid Relegation to EFL Championship Domestic cup (s) FA Cup FA Community Shield League cup (s) EFL Cup International cup (s) UEFA Champions League UEFA Europa League Current champions Chelsea (5th title) (2016 -- 17) Most championships Manchester United (13 titles) TV partners Sky Sports and BT Sport (live matches) Sky Sports and BBC (highlights) Website premierleague.com 2017 -- 18 Premier League
In 1991 South Africa became the first country in the world to declare great white sharks a legally protected species.
Smith was born Sadie Smith in Willesden in the north-west London borough of Brent to a Jamaican mother, Yvonne Bailey, and an English father, Harvey Smith. At the age of 14, she changed her name to Zadie.Smith's mother grew up in Jamaica, and emigrated to England in 1969. Smith's parents divorced when she was a teenager. She has a half-sister, a half-brother, and two younger brothers (one is the rapper and stand-up comedian Doc Brown, and the other is the rapper Luc Skyz). As a child, Smith was fond of tap dancing, and in her teenage years, she considered a career in musical theatre. While at university, Smith earned money as a jazz singer, and wanted to become a journalist. Despite earlier ambitions, literature emerged as her principal interest.
Kavangoland, like other homelands in South West Africa, was abolished in May 1989 at the start of the transition to independence.
The headquarters of South Korean food company CJ Cheil Jedang is located in the CJ Cheiljedang Building near the Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station.
The 2005 Nobel Peace Prize was awarded to International Atomic Energy Agency and Mohamed ElBaradei "for their efforts to prevent nuclear energy from being used for military purposes and to ensure that nuclear energy for peaceful purposes is used in the safest possible way".
One of the earliest sexual orientation classification schemes was proposed in the 1860s by Karl Heinrich Ulrichs in a series of pamphlets he published privately. The classification scheme, which was meant only to describe males, separated them into three basic categories: dionings, urnings and uranodionings. An urning can be further categorized by degree of effeminacy. These categories directly correspond with the categories of sexual orientation used today: heterosexual, homosexual, and bisexual. In the series of pamphlets, Ulrichs outlined a set of questions to determine if a man was an urning. The definitions of each category of Ulrichs' classification scheme are as follows:
The theme music, ``East Bound and Down '', was sung and co-written by Reed (credited under his birth name, Jerry Hubbard) and Dick Feller. It became Reed's signature song and is found on multiple albums, including Country Legends and his live album Jerry Reed: Live Still. In 1991 it was arranged for orchestra by Crafton Beck and recorded by Erich Kunzel and the Cincinnati Pops Orchestra for their album Down on the Farm. Several other groups, such as US rock band Tonic, have also covered it. Reed also penned and performed the song for the opening credits, entitled`` The Legend'', which tells of some of The Bandit's escapades prior to the events of the film, and the ballad ``The Bandit '', which features in several versions in the movie and on the soundtrack. Reed's hit notwithstanding, Bill Justis is the first name on the credits for the soundtrack as he composed and arranged original music throughout the film. Musicians such as Beegie Adair and George Tidwell played on the soundtrack as part of long careers in music. Legendary five - string banjo player Bobby Thompson is also heard prominently towards the end of`` East Bound and Down.'' The soundtrack album was released in 1977 on vinyl, cassette and 8 - track through MCA Records.
The Zhdanov Doctrine (also called Zhdanovism or Zhdanovshchina; ) was a Soviet cultural doctrine developed by Central Committee secretary Andrei Zhdanov in 1946. It proposed that the world was divided into two camps: the "imperialistic", headed by the United States; and "democratic", headed by the Soviet Union. The main principle of the Zhdanov doctrine was often summarized by the phrase "The only conflict that is possible in Soviet culture is the conflict between good and best". Zhdanovism soon became a Soviet cultural policy, meaning that Soviet artists, writers and intelligentsia in general had to conform to the party line in their creative works. Under this policy, artists who failed to comply with the government's wishes risked persecution. The policy remained in effect until the death of Joseph Stalin in 1953.
Because rebroadcast transmitters were not planned to be converted to digital, many markets stood to lose over-the-air coverage from CBC or Radio-Canada, or both. As a result, only seven of the markets subject to the August 31, 2011 transition deadline were planned to have both CBC and Radio-Canada in digital, and 13 other markets were planned to have either CBC or Radio-Canada in digital. In mid-August 2011, the CRTC granted the CBC an extension, until August 31, 2012, to continue operating its analogue transmitters in markets subject to the August 31, 2011 transition deadline. This CRTC decision prevented many markets subject to the transition deadline from losing signals for CBC or Radio-Canada, or both at the transition deadline. At the transition deadline, Barrie, Ontario lost both CBC and Radio-Canada signals as the CBC did not request that the CRTC allow these transmitters to continue operating.
"No Souvenirs" is a 1989 song by Melissa Etheridge and the second single of her second album "Brave and Crazy".
The series takes place behind the scenes of a live sketch comedy show (also called "Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip" or "Studio 60") on the fictional television network NBS (National Broadcasting System), whose format is similar to that of NBC's "Saturday Night Live". National Broadcasting System is owned by the TMG Corporation. The show-within-a-show is run by executive producers Matt Albie (Matthew Perry) and Danny Tripp (Bradley Whitford). Matt serves as the head writer and Danny produces the show.
Johan Vestly illustrated his first book in 1953, and later illustrated most of the books of his wife, Anne-Cath. Vestly. Together with his wife, Johan Vestly twice received the "Illustrasjonsprisen" awarded by the Norwegian National Library Authority ("Statens bibliotektilsyn"). In 1964, the husband and wife team was honored for "Knerten gifter seg" and in 1976 for "Guro og nøkkerosene".
Lenny Montana (born Leonardo Passafaro; March 13, 1926 -- May 12, 1992) was an American actor who played the role of feared hitman Luca Brasi in The Godfather. Prior to becoming an actor, he had a successful career as a professional wrestler as well as an enforcer for the Colombo family.
The Beaches of Agnès () is a 2008 French documentary film directed by Agnès Varda. The film is an autobiographical essay where Varda revisits places from her past, reminisces about life and celebrates her 80th birthday on camera. Varda said it would most likely be her last film, but released the documentary Faces Places a decade later.
Executive Order 12148 was an executive order enacted by President Jimmy Carter on July 20, 1979 to transfer and reassign duties to the newly formed agency, known as the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), created by Executive Order 12127. The order combined several federal agencies tasked with emergency preparedness and civil defense spread across the executive departments into a unified entity that was established as an independent agency, free of Cabinet interference, with authority as the lead federal agency in a presidentially-declared disaster.
The widespread distribution of Permo-Carboniferous glacial sediments in South America, Africa, Madagascar, Arabia, India, Antarctica and Australia was one of the major pieces of evidence for the theory of continental drift. The continuity of glaciers, inferred from oriented glacial striations and deposits called tillites, suggested the existence of the supercontinent of Gondwana, which became a central element of the concept of continental drift. Striations indicated glacial flow away from the equator and toward the poles, based on continents' current positions and orientations, and supported the idea that the southern continents had previously been in dramatically different locations that were contiguous with one another.
Jean Delville (19 January 1867, Leuven – 19 January 1953, Forest, Brussels) was a Belgian symbolist painter, author, poet, polemicist, teacher, and Theosophist. Delville was the leading exponent of the Belgian Idealist movement in art during the 1890s. He held, throughout his life, the belief that art should be the expression of a higher spiritual truth and that it should be based on the principle of Ideal, or spiritual Beauty. He executed a great number of paintings during his active career from 1887 to the end of the second World War (many now lost or destroyed) expressing his Idealist aesthetic. Delville was trained at the "Académie des Beaux-arts" in Brussels and proved to be a highly precocious student, winning most of the prestigious competition prizes at the Academy while still a young student. He later won the Belgian Prix de Rome which allowed him to travel to Rome and Florence and study at first hand the works of the artists of the Renaissance. During his time in Italy he created his celebrated masterpiece "L'Ecole de Platon" (1898), which stands as a visual summary of his Idealist aesthetic which he promoted during the 1890s in his writings, poetry and exhibitions societies, notably the "Salons d'Art Idéaliste".
Poland's nobility were also more numerous than those of all other European countries, constituting some 10–12% of the total population of historic Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth also some 10–12% among ethnic Poles on ethnic Polish lands (part of Commonwealth), but up to 25% of all Poles worldwide (szlachta could dispose more of resources to travels and/or conquering), while in some poorer regions (e.g., Mazowsze, the area centred on Warsaw) nearly 30%. However, according to  szlachta comprised around 8% of the total population in 1791 (up from 6.6% in the 16th century), and no more than 16% of the Roman Catholic (mostly ethnically Polish) population. It should be noted, though, that Polish szlachta usually incorporated most local nobility from the areas that were absorbed by Poland–Lithuania (Ruthenian boyars, Livonian nobles, etc.) By contrast, the nobilities of other European countries, except for Spain, amounted to a mere 1–3%, however the era of sovereign rules of Polish nobility ended earlier than in other countries (excluding France) yet in 1795 (see: Partitions of Poland), since then their legitimation and future fate depended on legislature and procedures of Russian Empire, Kingdom of Prussia or Habsburg Monarchy. Gradually their privileges were under further limitations to be completely dissolved by March Constitution of Poland in 1921.
Sister Mary Explains It All is a 2001 satirical dark comedy film written by Christopher Durang and directed by Marshall Brickman. The film, based upon Durang's 1979 play "Sister Mary Ignatius Explains It All For You", and starring Diane Keaton in the title role, premiered on the Showtime network.
According to Eurostat, the EU statistical agency, in 2012 the Commune of Paris was the most densely populated city in the European Union, with 21,616 people per square kilometre within the city limits (the NUTS-3 statistical area), ahead of Inner London West, which had 10,374 people per square kilometre. According to the same census, three departments bordering Paris, Hauts-de-Seine, Seine-Saint-Denis and Val-de-Marne, had population densities of over ten thousand people per square kilometre, ranking among the ten most densely populated areas of the EU.
Texas state supported living centers (formerly state schools) are a collection of residential facilities run by the state for people with intellectual disabilities (formerly called "mental retardation") in Texas, United States. The schools, operated by the Texas Department of Aging and Disability Services, operate under the Federal Intermediate Care Facilities for Individuals with Intellectual Disabilities (ICF/IID) program.
The second season of Calle 7 began on Monday, August 3 of 2009. The new competitors were presented, and called "Challenging Team", they will team up to compete against the well known "Team Calle 7" that includes the first season winner Francisco "Chapu" Puelles. The competition system is the same as the one utilized in the first season; On Mondays and Wednesdays, the two teams compete in three events, each worth 100, 200 and 300 points. The winner of those days is saved from competing in elimination, while the loser has to compete among themselves on Tuesdays and Thursdays to elect a nominated team member. The elimination competition is on Fridays, and the loser leaves Calle 7 for ever. This season is formally presented Jean Philippe Cretton as the co-host of Calle 7.
Bakhytzhan Zhumagulov (, "Baqytjan Tursynuly Jumaǵulov"; born 18 August 1953) is a Kazakh politician who was Chairman of Otan and after renamed Nur Otan, the largest political party in Kazakhstan. and acting chairman of Nur Otan party, created by merging a number of other parties into Otan.
Appleford-on-Thames is a village and civil parish on the south bank of the River Thames about north of Didcot, Oxfordshire. It was part of Berkshire until the 1974 local government boundary changes. The 2011 Census recorded the parish's population as 350.
Abu al-Waleed Ahmad Ibn Zaydún al-Makhzumi (1003–1071) or simply known as Ibn Zaydún (Arabic full name,أبو الوليد أحمد بن زيدون المخزومي) or Abenzaidún according to Christian sources was a famous Arab poet of Cordoba and Seville. He was considered the greatest neoclassical poet of al-Andalus.
On the 30th anniversary of the Forbes' list of the world's billionaires, for the fourth year in a row, Bill Gates was named the richest man in the world. The number of billionaires increased 13% to 2,043 from 1,810 in 2016; this is the biggest change in over 30 years of tracking billionaires globally. This is the first time after 12 years that Carlos Slim was not within the top five. The U.S. continues to have the most billionaires in the world, with a record of 565. China has 319 (not including Hong Kong or Macau), Germany has 114, and India has the fourth most with 101; India has reached over 100 billionaires for its first time.
One such institution is the Centre for the Study of Ancient Documents (CSAD) founded by and located centrally at Oxford University, Great Britain. Among its many activities CSAD numbers "a long-term project to create a library of digitised images of Greek inscriptions." These it arranges by region. The Egypt and the Near East region besides Egypt includes Cyprus, Persia and Afghanistan but not Asia Minor (a separate region).
Mabel, Fatty and the Law is a 1915 American short comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle and Mabel Normand, and directed by Fatty Arbuckle. The film is also known as Fatty, Mabel and the Law (American alternative title) and Fatty's Spooning Days.
Cielętnik () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia. It lies approximately west of Braniewo and north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
DOSKEY is a command for DOS, IBM OS/2, Microsoft Windows, and ReactOS that adds command history, macro functionality, and improved editing features to the command-line interpreters codice_1 and codice_2.
Charles VIII expelled Alfonso II of Naples from Naples in 1495, but was soon forced to withdraw due to the support of Ferdinand II of Aragon for his cousin, Alfonso II's son Ferrantino. Ferrantino was restored to the throne, but died in 1496, and was succeeded by his uncle, Frederick IV.
The Pro Football Hall of Fame Game is an annual National Football League (NFL) exhibition game that is held the weekend of the Pro Football Hall of Fame's induction ceremonies. The game is played at Tom Benson Hall of Fame Stadium, which is located adjacent to the Hall of Fame building in Canton, Ohio. It is traditionally the first game played in the NFL preseason for any given year, marking the end of the NFL's six - month off - season.
Dick Pointer (before 1778 – 1827) was an American frontier hero and an African slave. He is best known for his bravery in the defence of Fort Donnally, in Greenbrier County, West Virginia, from a Shawnee attack in 1778. During the attack he used a rifle to secure the front door against attackers. Some years later, Pointer spoke before the Virginia General Assembly, requesting his own freedom in consideration for his act of bravery; he was emancipated in 1801. He died in 1827.
After a decade of emigration, Zimbabweans now refer to London as Harare North. The novel being political, the title alludes to
Fatma Begum was an Indian actress, director, and screenwriter. She is often considered the first female film director of Indian cinema. Within four years, she went on to write, produce and direct many films. She launched her own production house, Fatma Films, and directed Bulbul-e-Paristan in 1926. She lived from 1892-1983 and was mother to three children.
In 1951 in Greenbow, Alabama, young Forrest is fitted with leg braces to correct a curved spine, and is not able to walk. He lives alone with his mother, who runs a boarding house out of their home that attracts many tenants, including a young Elvis Presley, who plays the guitar for Forrest and incorporates his jerky dance movements into his famous performances. On the first day in school, Forrest meets a girl  called Jenny Curran, and the two become good friends.
The government planned to voluntarily evacuate four million people—mostly women and children—from urban areas, including 1.4 million from London. It expected about 90% of evacuees to stay in private homes, and conducted an extensive survey to determine available space. Detailed preparations for transporting them were developed. A trial blackout was held on 10 August 1939, and when Germany invaded Poland on 1 September a blackout began at sunset. Lights would not be allowed after dark for almost six years, and the blackout became by far the most unpopular aspect of the war for civilians, more than rationing.:51,106 The relocation of the government and the civil service was also planned, but would only have occurred if necessary so as not to damage civilian morale.:33
The stated objective of most intellectual property law (with the exception of trademarks) is to "Promote progress." By exchanging limited exclusive rights for disclosure of inventions and creative works, society and the patentee/copyright owner mutually benefit, and an incentive is created for inventors and authors to create and disclose their work. Some commentators have noted that the objective of intellectual property legislators and those who support its implementation appears to be "absolute protection". "If some intellectual property is desirable because it encourages innovation, they reason, more is better. The thinking is that creators will not have sufficient incentive to invent unless they are legally entitled to capture the full social value of their inventions". This absolute protection or full value view treats intellectual property as another type of "real" property, typically adopting its law and rhetoric. Other recent developments in intellectual property law, such as the America Invents Act, stress international harmonization. Recently there has also been much debate over the desirability of using intellectual property rights to protect cultural heritage, including intangible ones, as well as over risks of commodification derived from this possibility. The issue still remains open in legal scholarship.
The Hundred Days' Reform was a failed 104 - day national, cultural, political, and educational reform movement from 11 June to 22 September 1898 in late Qing dynasty China. It was undertaken by the young Guangxu Emperor and his reform - minded supporters. Following the issuing of the reformative edicts, a coup d'état (``The Coup of 1898 '', Wuxu Coup) was perpetrated by powerful conservative opponents led by Empress Dowager Cixi.
Many people from Strasbourg were incorporated in the German Army against their will, and were sent to the eastern front, those young men and women were called Malgré-nous. Many tried to escape from the incorporation, join the French Resistance, or desert the Wehrmacht but many couldn't because they were running the risk of having their families sent to work or concentration camps by the Germans. Many of these men, especially those who did not answer the call immediately, were pressured to "volunteer" for service with the SS, often by direct threats on their families. This threat obliged the majority of them to remain in the German army. After the war, the few that survived were often accused of being traitors or collaborationists, because this tough situation was not known in the rest of France, and they had to face the incomprehension of many. In July 1944, 1500 malgré-nous were released from Soviet captivity and sent to Algiers, where they joined the Free French Forces. Nowadays history recognizes the suffering of those people, and museums, public discussions and memorials have been built to commemorate this terrible period of history of this part of Eastern France (Alsace and Moselle). Liberation of Strasbourg took place on 23 November 1944.
Gowran Castle is located in the centre of Gowran, County Kilkenny, Ireland. The castle is a manor house and was fully restored between 2013 and 2014.
Blanton's is a brand of bourbon whiskey produced and marketed by the Sazerac Company. It is distilled in Frankfort, Kentucky at the Buffalo Trace Distillery.
Szabadság híd (in English: Liberty Bridge or Freedom Bridge) in Budapest, Hungary, connects Buda and Pest across the River Danube. It is the third southernmost public road bridge in Budapest, located at the southern end of the City Centre. It was originally named Ferenc József híd (Franz Joseph Bridge).
Todd Bergen (born July 11, 1963) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey centre who had a short-lived career, most notably with the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League in 1984–85.
PlayStation Portable can connect with PlayStation 3 in many ways, including in-game connectivity. For example, Formula One Championship Edition, a racing game, was shown at E3 2006 using a PSP as a real-time rear-view mirror. In addition, users are able to download original PlayStation format games from the PlayStation Store, transfer and play them on PSP as well as PS3 itself. It is also possible to use the Remote Play feature to play these and some PlayStation Network games, remotely on PSP over a network or internet connection.
Rhoda Delaval was born on 1 July 1725 to Captain Francis Blake Delaval (the elder) and Rhoda Apreece and baptized at St George's, Hanover Square in London on 22 July 1725. She was their oldest daughter of 12 children. Her siblings were Anne Hussey, Mary Elizabeth, Sarah, Robert, George, Henry, Ralph, Francis, Edward, Thomas, John. Two years after her birth, her brother, Sir Francis Blake Delaval (the younger) (1727–1771) was born. A brother George, who died as a young adult, also pursued the art of painting with her instructor, Arthur Pond. She was known to be a talented, beautiful woman. One of her sisters was Sarah, Countess of Mexborough.
In physics, a state of matter is one of the distinct forms in which matter can exist. Four states of matter are observable in everyday life: solid, liquid, gas, and plasma. Many other states are known to exist, such as glass or liquid crystal, and some only exist under extreme conditions, such as Bose -- Einstein condensates, neutron - degenerate matter, and quark - gluon plasma, which only occur, respectively, in situations of extreme cold, extreme density, and extremely high - energy. Some other states are believed to be possible but remain theoretical for now. For a complete list of all exotic states of matter, see the list of states of matter.
The United States presidential election of 2008 was the 56th quadrennial presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 4, 2008. The Democratic ticket of Barack Obama, a Senator from Illinois, and Joe Biden, a long - time Senator from Delaware, defeated the Republican ticket of Senator John McCain of Arizona and Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska. Obama became the first African American ever to be elected as president.
Gavin Williamson (Winnipeg, 1897 - Chicago, 1989) was an American pianist, harpsichordist, organist and music educator. With pianist Philip Manuel, he formed a duo in 1922 that helped promote the professional use of harpsichords in the United States.
Mahdi Tajik (born 1381, Tehran) is an Iranian students’ activist, journalist and political prisoner. He was arrested for the first time in 2005 by the security forces. He was also arrested by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards in 2006, for founding a student activist organization. In the same year, the Revolutionary Court sentenced him to two and a half years in prison which was reduced to cash surcharge afterwards.
``Box of Rain ''is a song by the Grateful Dead, from their 1970 album American Beauty. The song was composed by bassist Phil Lesh and lyricist Robert Hunter, and sung by Lesh. In later years, the song was a favorite and the crowd would shout`` Let Phil sing!'' to hear the song.
Tracy McConnell, better known as ``The Mother '', is the title character from the CBS television sitcom How I Met Your Mother. The show, narrated by Future Ted, tells the story of how Ted Mosby met The Mother. Tracy McConnell appears in 8 episodes from`` Lucky Penny'' to ``The Time Travelers ''as an unseen character; she was first seen fully in`` Something New'' and was promoted to a main character in season 9. The Mother is played by Cristin Milioti.
The Garonne follows the Aran Valley northwards into France, flowing via Toulouse and Agen towards Bordeaux, where it meets the Gironde estuary. The Gironde flows into the Atlantic Ocean (Bay of Biscay). Along its course, the Garonne is joined by three other major rivers: the Ariège, the Tarn, and the Lot. Just after Bordeaux, the Garonne meets the Dordogne at the Bec d'Ambès, forming the Gironde estuary, which after approximately empties into the Atlantic Ocean. Other tributaries include the Save and the Gers.
Barcelona won the treble in the 2014–2015 season, winning La Liga, Copa del Rey and UEFA Champions League titles, and became the first European team to have won the treble twice. On 17 May, the club clinched their 23rd La Liga title after defeating Atlético Madrid. This was Barcelona's seventh La Liga title in the last ten years. On 30 May, the club defeated Athletic Bilbao in the Copa del Rey final at Camp Nou. On 6 June, Barcelona won the UEFA Champions League final with a 3–1 win against Juventus, which completed the treble, the club's second in 6 years. Barcelona's attacking trio of Messi, Suárez and Neymar, dubbed MSN, scored 122 goals in all competitions, the most in a season for an attacking trio in Spanish football history.
Life Toward Twilight began in 1999 as a solo project by then Ogun's Will member Daniel Tuttle. Ogun's Will, based in Fort Wayne, Indiana and primarily featuring Daniel, Shawn Kent and a rolling cast of other members, was a heavy, beat oriented, industrial project. Life Toward Twilight emerged as Daniel started composing minimalist and ambient music outside of Ogun's Will. In 2000 Ogun's Will disbanded and Daniel relocated to Detroit where Life Toward Twilight became his primary musical focus.
Both before and after the war, he preached many sermons and participated in conferences in France and abroad (especially in the Netherlands, Switzerland, Italy, and Belgium). He preached the Lenten sermons many times at Notre Dame de Paris, and in 1964, Paul VI called him to present spiritual exercises at the Vatican. He was elected to the Académie française on 26 June 1975, replacing Jean Cardinal Daniélou, a post he held until his death on 15 January 2004 at Ancourt, in France.
Rurouni Kenshin: Reflection, known as in Japan, is the second OVA series of the "Rurouni Kenshin" anime television series, acting as its sequel. It was directed by Kazuhiro Furuhashi and written by Reiko Yoshida, and was released in Japan in 2001.
Mexico City is one of the most important economic hubs in Latin America. The city proper (Federal District) produces 15.8% of the country's gross domestic product. According to a study conducted by PwC, Mexico City had a GDP of $390 billion, ranking it as the eighth richest city in the world after the greater metropolitan areas of Tokyo, New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago, Paris, London and Osaka/Kobe (and the richest in the whole of Latin America). Excluding the rest of the Mexican economy, Mexico City alone would rank as the 30th largest economy in the world. Mexico City is the greatest contributor to the country's industrial GDP (15.8%) and also the greatest contributor to the country's GDP in the service sector (25.3%). Due to the limited non-urbanized space at the south—most of which is protected through environmental laws—the contribution of the Federal District in agriculture is the smallest of all federal entities in the country. Mexico City has one of the world's fastest-growing economies and its GDP is set to double by 2020.
Miracle on 34th Street Theatrical release poster Directed by George Seaton Produced by William Perlberg Screenplay by George Seaton Story by Valentine Davies Starring Maureen O'Hara John Payne Natalie Wood Edmund Gwenn Music by Cyril J. Mockridge Cinematography Lloyd Ahern Charles G. Clarke Edited by Robert L. Simpson Production company 20th Century Fox Distributed by 20th Century Fox Release date June 4, 1947 (1947 - 06 - 04) Running time 96 minutes Country United States Language English Budget $630,000 Box office $2.7 million (US rentals)
The Rebellion of the Alpujarras (1499–1501) was a series of uprisings by the Muslim population of the Kingdom of Granada, Crown of Castile (formerly, the Emirate of Granada) against their Catholic rulers. They began in 1499 in the city of Granada in response to mass forced conversion of the Muslim population to the Catholic faith, which were perceived as violations of the 1491 Treaty of Granada. The uprising in the city quickly died down, but it was followed by more serious revolts in the nearby mountainous area of the Alpujarras. The Catholic forces, on some occasions led personally by King Ferdinand, succeeded in suppressing the revolts and inflicted severe punishment on the Muslim population.
Name Party Term Shyam Nandan Prasad Mishra Indian National Congress (O) December 1969 -- March 1971 M.S. Gurupadaswamy March 1971 -- April 1972 Kamalapati Tripathi Indian National Congress 30 March 1977 -- 15 February 1978 Bhola Paswan Shastri Indian National Congress (O) 24 February 1978 -- 23 March 1978 Kamalapati Tripathi Indian National Congress 23 March 1978 -- 8 January 1980 6 L.K. Advani Bharatiya Jana Sangh 21 January 1980 -- 7 April 1980 7 P. Shiv Shankar Indian National Congress 18 December 1989 -- 2 January 1991 8 M.S. Gurupadaswamy Janata Dal 28 June -- 21 July 1991 9 S. Jaipal Reddy 22 July 1991 -- 29 June 1992 10 Sikander Bakht Bharatiya Janata Party 7 July 1992 -- 23 May 1996 11 Shankarrao Chavan Indian National Congress 23 May 1996 -- 1 June 1996 12 Sikander Bakht Bharatiya Janata Party 1 June 1996 -- 19 March 1998 13 Manmohan Singh Indian National Congress 21 March 1998 -- 21 May 2004 14 Jaswant Singh Bharatiya Janata Party 3 June 2004 -- 16 May 2009 15 Arun Jaitley 3 June 2009 -- 26 May 2014 16 Ghulam Nabi Azad Indian National Congress 8 June 2014 - incumbent
Pegangsaan is an administrative village in the Menteng district of Indonesia. It has a postal code of 10320. This administrative village is also known as the location of the house where the Proclamation of Indonesian Independence was read.
Jana Gana Mana is the national anthem of India. It is composed in Bengali by poet Rabindranath Tagore.. The composition consisting of the words and music of the first stanza of the late poet Rabindra Nath Tagore's song known as ``Jana Gana Mana ''is the National Anthem of India.
The Revolt of the Batavi took place in the Roman province of Germania Inferior between AD 69 and 70. It was an uprising against the Roman Empire started by the Batavi, a small but militarily powerful Germanic tribe that inhabited Batavia, on the delta of the river Rhine. They were soon joined by the Celtic tribes from Gallia Belgica and some Germanic tribes.
Ulrich Joseph Franzen (January 15, 1921 – October 6, 2012) was a German-born American architect known for his "fortresslike" buildings and Brutalist style.
"Envole-moi" is a French language song written, composed and sung by French artist Jean-Jacques Goldman taken from his 1984 album "Positif". The single sold over half a million copies and was certified gold. Goldman explained that the song is a "cry for help" by a young man.
The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) recognizes that conflicts may exist between the respect for and implementation of current intellectual property systems and other human rights. In 2001 the UN Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a document called "Human rights and intellectual property" that argued that intellectual property tends to be governed by economic goals when it should be viewed primarily as a social product; in order to serve human well-being, intellectual property systems must respect and conform to human rights laws. According to the Committee, when systems fail to do so they risk infringing upon the human right to food and health, and to cultural participation and scientific benefits. In 2004 the General Assembly of WIPO adopted The Geneva Declaration on the Future of the World Intellectual Property Organization which argues that WIPO should "focus more on the needs of developing countries, and to view IP as one of many tools for development—not as an end in itself".
Speed Racer, also known as Mach GoGoGo (Japanese: マッハ GoGoGo, Hepburn: Mahha GōGōGō), is a Japanese media franchise about automobile racing. Mach GoGoGo was originally serialized in print in Shueisha's 1966 Shōnen Book. It was released in tankōbon book form by Sun Wide Comics, and later re-released in Japan by Fusosha. Adapted into anime by Tatsunoko Productions, its 52 episodes aired on Fuji TV from April 1967 to March 1968. The anime was later re-broadcast on Tokyo MX from July 1 to September 25, 2008.
Armando Zeferino Soares, (1920 in São Nicolau, Cape Verde - April 3, 2007) was a Capeverdean composer, author of the famous song "Sodade".
Jalanan (“Streetside” in Bahasa Indonesia) is an award-winning 2013 feature-length Indonesian documentary film directed and produced by Daniel Ziv and featuring Jakarta street musicians Bambang "Ho" Mulyono, Titi Juwariyah and Boni Putera. The movie follows the three musicians as they perform songs on Jakarta's commuter buses, clash with the law and confront the tumultuous politics of modern-day Indonesia. It follows them back to their home villages in East Java and traces their quest for legitimacy, identity and love in their adopted city of Jakarta.
Princess Marie of Waldeck and Pyrmont (Georgine Henriette Marie; 23 May 1857 – 30 April 1882) was the third daughter of George Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and his wife, Princess Helena of Nassau, younger half-sister of Adolphe, Grand Duke of Luxembourg.
For 2016, U.S. News & World Report ranked BYU as tied for 66th for national universities in the United States. A 2013 Quarterly Journal of Economics study of where the nation's top high school students choose to enroll ranked BYU No. 21 in its peer-reviewed study. The Princeton Review has ranked BYU the best value for college in 2007, and its library is consistently ranked in the nation's top ten — No. 1 in 2004 and No. 4 in 2007. BYU is also ranked No. 19 in the U.S. News and World Report's "Great Schools, Great Prices" lineup, and No. 12 in lowest student-incurred debt. Due in part to the school's emphasis on undergraduate research, in rankings for 2008-2009, BYU was ranked No. 10 nationally for the number of students who go on to earn PhDs, No. 1 nationally for students who go on to dental school, No. 6 nationally for students who go on to law school, and No. 10 nationally for students who go on to medical school. BYU is designated as a research university with high research activity by the Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching.]] Forbes Magazine ranked it as the No. 1 "Top University to Work For in 2014" and as the best college in Utah.
Ephesus is a cultic centre of Mary, the site of the first Church dedicated to her and the rumoured place of her death. Ephesus was previously a centre for worship of Artemis a virgin goddess. The Temple of Artemis at Ephesus being regarded as one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World The cult of Mary was furthered by Queen Theodora in the 6th Century. According to William E. Phipps, in the book Survivals of Roman Religion "Gordon Laing argues convincingly that the worship of Artemis as both virgin and mother at the grand Ephesian temple contributed to the veneration of Mary."
In English, the term referring to a person first appears in the mid 14th century as Catelaner, followed in the 15th century as Catellain (from French). It is attested a language name since at least 1652. Catalan can be pronounced as /ˈkætəlæn/, /kætəˈlæn/ or /ˈkætələn/.
Non-Muslim groups in the Umayyad Caliphate, which included Christians, Jews, Zoroastrians, and pagan Berbers, were called dhimmis. They were given a legally protected status as second-class citizens as long as they accepted and acknowledged the political supremacy of the ruling Muslims. They were allowed to have their own courts, and were given freedom of their religion within the empire.[citation needed] Although they could not hold the highest public offices in the empire, they had many bureaucratic positions within the government. Christians and Jews still continued to produce great theological thinkers within their communities, but as time wore on, many of the intellectuals converted to Islam, leading to a lack of great thinkers in the non-Muslim communities.
A number of writing systems have been used over the years for transcribing the language. Of these, the Somali alphabet is the most widely used, and has been the official writing script in Somalia since the government of former President of Somalia Mohamed Siad Barre formally introduced it in October 1972. The script was developed by the Somali linguist Shire Jama Ahmed specifically for the Somali language, and uses all letters of the English Latin alphabet except p, v and z. Besides Ahmed's Latin script, other orthographies that have been used for centuries for writing Somali include the long-established Arabic script and Wadaad's writing. Indigenous writing systems developed in the twentieth century include the Osmanya, Borama and Kaddare scripts, which were invented by Osman Yusuf Kenadid, Abdurahman Sheikh Nuur and Hussein Sheikh Ahmed Kaddare, respectively.
GD 40 is a white dwarf in the constellation Cetus. The star's spectrum has been found to show traces of external of metal contamination due to disruption of an extrasolar dwarf planet or an asteroid. The disrupted object should have had roughly the same mass of the Solar System asteroid 3 Juno.
This was the first election to not feature either of the two previous holders of the office, Ken Livingstone and Boris Johnson, who had run against each other in 2008 and 2012. Johnson, as incumbent mayor, had chosen not to stand for re-election for a third term in office, having been elected as the Conservative Party MP for Uxbridge and South Ruislip at the 2015 general election. The campaign was dominated by the personal battle between Goldsmith and Khan, and their contrasting class and ethnic backgrounds. Through his victory, Khan became the second Labour Party Mayor of London after Livingstone, and the first Muslim mayor of a European Union capital city.
The NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament, also informally known and branded as NCAA March Madness, is a single - elimination tournament played each spring in the United States, currently featuring 68 college basketball teams from the Division I level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), to determine the national championship. The tournament was created in 1939 by the National Association of Basketball Coaches, and was the idea of The Ohio State University coach Harold Olsen. Played mostly during March, it has become one of the most famous annual sporting events in the United States.
Hurricane Katrina Category 3 major hurricane (SSHWS / NWS) Hurricane Katrina near peak intensity Formed August 28, 2005 Dissipated August 29, 2005 Highest winds 1 - minute sustained: 125 mph (205 km / h) Lowest pressure 920 mbar (hPa); 27.17 inHg Fatalities Up to 1,464 total Damage $70 billion (2005 USD) Areas affected Greater New Orleans Part of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season
Sellar Property Group is a British property group notable for its project Shard London Bridge, built in London Borough of Southwark, United Kingdom.
Other important sectors include medical research and technology, non-profit institutions, and universities. Manufacturing accounts for a significant but declining share of employment, although the city's garment industry is showing a resurgence in Brooklyn. Food processing is a US$5 billion industry that employs more than 19,000 residents.
On Dangerous Ground is a 1951 film noir directed by Nicholas Ray and produced by John Houseman. The screenplay was written by A. I. Bezzerides based on the novel "Mad with Much Heart," by Gerald Butler. The drama features Ida Lupino, Robert Ryan, Ward Bond, and others.
Joe Wheeler State Park is a state-owned, public recreation area with resort features located on Wheeler Lake, an impoundment of the Tennessee River in northwest Alabama. The state park contains of land in three separate parcels and adjoins the Tennessee Valley Authority's Wheeler Dam.
Jones Point is a hamlet located in the town of Stony Point in Rockland County in the state of New York, United States. Located north of Tomkins Cove; east of Bear Mountain State Park; south of Iona Island; and west of the Hudson River. It is directly across the Hudson River from the city of Peekskill and lies at the foot of Dunderberg Mountain.
Op zoek naar Mary Poppins ("Looking for Mary Poppins") was a 2009 talent show-themed television series produced by the AVRO in the Netherlands and broadcast on AVRO.
"Let Your Spirit Fly" is a song performed by Jan Johansen and Pernilla Wahlgren in Sweden's preselection for the Eurovision Song Contest, Melodifestivalen 2003. The song finished in second place.
Hilda Mary Isabel Petrie (née Urlin; 1871–1957) was an Irish-born Egyptologist and wife of Flinders Petrie, the father of scientific archaeology. Having studied geology, she was hired by Flinders Petrie at age 25 as an artist, which led to their marriage and a working partnership that endured for their lifetimes. Hilda travelled and worked with Flinders Petrie to excavate and record numerous sites in Egypt, and later in Palestine. This included directing some excavations herself, and working in often difficult and dangerous conditions to produce copies of tomb hieroglyphs and plans, and to record the work for reports to the Egypt Exploration Fund. When the British School of Archaeology in Egypt was founded in 1905 in London by Flinders Petrie, she worked as its secretary and fundraiser to secure support for the school and their continued excavations. Hilda took part in archaeological excavations and surveys throughout her married life, except for a period while their two children were young. Her work was published, and she also gave public lectures in London and elsewhere.
Tjaarke Maas started to paint since her early childhood, in Tasmania, Australia, where her family had immigrated from the Netherlands. At the age of 17 she came back to Europe and went to Willem de Kooning Academy in Rotterdam, and later continued her studies in New York, where she was introduced to the art of icon painting. The Russian sacred art, literature and philosophy greatly influenced Maas' life and work.
"All Right" is a song written and recorded by American singer-songwriter Christopher Cross. It was released in January 1983 as the lead single from the album, "Another Page". On the heels of his Grammy winning first album, and following his #1 hits "Sailing" and "Arthur's Theme (The Best that You Can Do)" expectations were strong enough for this first single from his second album to allow "All Right" to debut on Billboard Magazine's hot 100 at the high-position of #29. It was the fifth-highest debuting single of the 1980s ranking behind Michael Jackson's "Thriller" (No. 20), USA for Africa's "We Are the World" (No. 21), Paul McCartney and Michael Jackson's "Say Say Say" (No. 26), and Men at Work's "Overkill" (No. 28), all of which at least made the top five of the chart. Unfortunately, "All Right" -- which featured former Doobie Brothers member Michael McDonald on background vocals-- did not repeat Cross's previous success, and stalled at #12, just outside the top 10.
Harry John Rathbun was a Professor of Business Law at Stanford University who had a profound influence on a generation of students, with former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor crediting him with being the key intellectual and spiritual influence in her life.
La Tour Montparnasse Infernale is a 2001 French comedy film directed by Charles Nemes and written by Kader Aoun, Ramzy Bedia, Éric Judor and Xavier Matthieu. When it came out in cinemas in Canada, it was translated into Don't Die Too Hard in reference to Die Hard, starring Bruce Willis.
The sultan was born on 15 July 1946, in Istana Darussalam, Brunei Town (now called Bandar Seri Begawan) as "Pengiran Muda Mahkota" (Crown Prince) Hassanal Bolkiah. The sultan received high school education at Victoria Institution in Kuala Lumpur, after which he attended the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst in the United Kingdom, graduating in 1967.
Lions are said to inhabit the mountains of the Gash-Barka Region. There is also a small population of elephants that roam in some parts of the country. Dik-diks can also be found in many areas. The endangered African wild ass can be seen in Denakalia Region. Other local wildlife include bushbucks, duikers, greater kudus, klipspringers, African leopards, oryxs and crocodiles., The spotted hyena is widespread and fairly common. Between 1955 and 2001 there were no reported sightings of elephant herds, and they are thought to have fallen victim to the war of independence. In December 2001 a herd of about 30, including 10 juveniles, was observed in the vicinity of the Gash River. The elephants seemed to have formed a symbiotic relationship with olive baboons, with the baboons using the water holes dug by the elephants, while the elephants use the tree-top baboons as an early warning system.
Having grown up in a laboratory, Damian Wayne as a pre-adolescent is left by his mother in the care of his father, who had been unaware of his son's existence. He is violent and self - important and was trained by the League of Assassins, learning to kill at a young age, which troubles the relationship with his father, who refuses to kill. However, the Dark Knight does care for his lost progeny. After the events of Batman R.I.P. and Batman: Battle for the Cowl, he takes the role of Robin at ten years of age, becoming the fifth person to use the Robin persona. He first worked with Dick Grayson before going to work alongside his father, upon the original's return to the role of Batman. He continued to serve as Robin until 2013's Batman, Inc. # 8, in which he is killed by the Heretic, an agent of his mother and his own artificially - aged clone. In 2014's Batman and Robin vol. 2, # 37, Batman resurrects Damian Wayne.
Julia Megan DeMato (born March 7, 1979 in Brookfield, Connecticut) is an American professional cosmetologist and singer who made it to tenth place on the second season on the television show "American Idol".
``I've Got You Under My Skin ''is a song written by Cole Porter in 1936. It was introduced in the Eleanor Powell MGM musical Born to Dance, in which it was performed by Virginia Bruce. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Song that year. It became a signature song for Frank Sinatra and, in 1966, became a top 10 hit for the Four Seasons. The song has been recorded by many leading pop artists and jazz musicians over the years.
Pigüeces is one of fifteen parishes (administrative divisions) in Somiedo, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
The developers of both Chrome and Firefox committed to developing Metro-style versions of their browsers; while Chrome's "Windows 8 mode" uses a full-screen version of the existing desktop interface, Firefox's version (which was first made available on the "Aurora" release channel in September 2013) uses a touch-optimized interface inspired by the Android version of Firefox. In October 2013, Chrome's app was changed to mimic the desktop environment used by Chrome OS. Development of the Firefox app for Windows 8 has since been cancelled, citing a lack of user adoption for the beta versions.
Dinosaur! is a 1985 American television documentary film about dinosaurs. It was first broadcast in the United States on November 5, 1985, on CBS. Directed by Robert Guenette and written by Steven Paul Mark, "Dinosaur!" was hosted by the American actor Christopher Reeve, who some years before had played the leading role of "Superman".
During the Nazi occupation of France during World War II, Brazzaville functioned as the symbolic capital of Free France between 1940 and 1943. The Brazzaville Conference of 1944 heralded a period of major reform in French colonial policy. Congo benefited from the postwar expansion of colonial administrative and infrastructure spending as a result of its central geographic location within AEF and the federal capital at Brazzaville. It also received a local legislature after the adoption of the 1946 constitution that established the Fourth Republic.
The John Anderson Lodge is an historic site in Ormond Beach, Florida, United States, built for Ormond Beach promoter John Anderson (1853–1911). It is located at 71 Orchard Lane. On September 6, 1989, it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.
Most wins in a season (38 games): 30, Chelsea (2016 -- 17) Fewest wins in a season (38 games): 1, Derby County (2007 -- 08) Fewest home wins in a season (19 games): 1, joint record: Sunderland (2005 -- 06) Derby County (2007 -- 08) Most home wins in a season (19 games): 18, joint record: Chelsea (2005 -- 06) Manchester United (2010 -- 11) Manchester City (2011 -- 12) Most away wins in a season (19 games): 15, Chelsea (2004 -- 05) Fewest away wins in a season (19 / 21 games): 0, joint record: Leeds United (1992 -- 93) Coventry City (1999 -- 2000) Wolverhampton Wanderers (2003 -- 04) Norwich City (2004 -- 05) Derby County (2007 -- 08) Hull City (2009 -- 10) Most consecutive wins: 14, Arsenal (between 10 February 2002 and 24 August 2002) Most consecutive wins in a season (38 games): 13, joint record: Arsenal (2001 -- 02) Chelsea (2016 -- 17) Most consecutive games without a win: 32, Derby County (2007 -- 08) Most consecutive games without a win from beginning of season: 16, Queens Park Rangers (between 18 August 2012 and 8 December 2012) Most consecutive home wins: 20, Manchester City (between 5 March 2011 and 21 March 2012) Most consecutive away wins: 11, Chelsea (between 6 April 2008 and 7 December 2008)
Valencian Marxist Front (in Valencian: "Front Marxista Valencià"), an underground communist group in the Valencian Community, Spain, founded in 1954 by youth active in Lo Rat Penat. It disappeared in 1962, when its members joined either the Valencian Socialist Party or the Communist Party of Spain (later forming the Communist Party of the Valencian Country).
None of the early appearances of the ``Happy Birthday to You ''lyrics included credits or copyright notices. The Summy Company registered a copyright in 1935, crediting authors Preston Ware Orem and Mrs. R. R. Forman. In 1988, Warner / Chappell Music purchased the company owning the copyright for US $25 million, with the value of`` Happy Birthday'' estimated at US $5 million. Based on the 1935 copyright registration, Warner claimed that the United States copyright will not expire until 2030, and that unauthorized public performances of the song are illegal unless royalties are paid to Warner. In one specific instance in February 2010, the royalty for a single use was said to be US $700. By one estimate, the song is the highest - earning single song in history, with estimated earnings since its creation of US $50 million. In the European Union, the copyright for the song expired on January 1, 2017.
Harlow Shapley stated in 1918 that the halo of globular clusters surrounding the Milky Way seemed to be centered on the star swarms in the constellation of Sagittarius, but the dark molecular clouds in the area blocked the view for optical astronomers. In the early 1940s Walter Baade at Mount Wilson Observatory took advantage of wartime blackout conditions in nearby Los Angeles to conduct a search for the center with the 100 inch Hooker Telescope. He found that near the star Alnasl (Gamma Sagittarii) there is a one - degree - wide void in the interstellar dust lanes, which provides a relatively clear view of the swarms of stars around the nucleus of our Milky Way Galaxy. This gap has been known as Baade's Window ever since.
The Messenger is a 2002 Novel by Markus Zusak, and winner of the 2003 Children's Book Council of Australia Book of the Year Award.
George Albert Godkin (June 4, 1860 – April 1919) was a jeweller, watchmaker and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented 5th Prince in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1893 to 1897 and from 1900 to 1908 as a Liberal member.
Nizamuddin हज़रत निज़ामुद्दीन Rapid transit, Light rail, Commuter rail & Regional rail station Location New Delhi, Delhi India 28 ° 35 ′ 21 ''N 77 ° 15 ′ 15'' E ﻿ / ﻿ 28.58917 ° N 77.25417 ° E ﻿ / 28.58917; 77.25417 Elevation 206.7 metres (678 ft) Platforms 7 Construction Structure type Standard (on ground station) Parking Yes Other information Status Functioning Station code NZM Zone (s) Northern Railway zone Division (s) Delhi Electrified Yes Traffic Passengers (Daily) 360,000 + Location Nizamuddin Location within Delhi
Karl Ludwig Philipp Zeyher (2 August 1799 Dillenburg, Hessen, Germany – 13 December 1858 Cape Town), was a botanical and insect collector who collected extensively in South Africa. He was the author, with Christian Friedrich Ecklon, of "Enumeratio Plantarum Africae Australis" (1835-7), a descriptive catalogue of South African plants.
Chol Kiri District () is a district ("srok") in the east of Kampong Chhnang Province, in central Cambodia. The district capital is Chol Kiri town located around 8 kilometres south of the provincial capital of Kampong Chhnang by road. Chol Kiri District is the easternmost district of Kampong Chhnang. The district shares a border with Kampong Thom and Kampong Cham provinces to the east. Most of the district is low lying floodplain and the Tonlé Sap river runs through the district roughly from north to south. This proximity to the river and the lack of high land make Chol Kiri one of the most flood prone districts in the country. The Kampong Chhnang Department of Development has estimated that both Chol Kiri and Kampong Leaeng districts are flooded for six months of the year and that after the floodwaters have receded drinking water sources are left contaminated.
Ralph Vary Chamberlin (January 3, 1879October 31, 1967) was an American biologist, ethnographer, and historian from Salt Lake City, Utah. He was a faculty member of the University of Utah for over 25 years, where he helped establish the School of Medicine and served as its first dean, and later became head of the zoology department. He also taught at Brigham Young University and the University of Pennsylvania, and worked for over a decade at the Museum of Comparative Zoology at Harvard University, where he described species from around the world.
The signing of the United States Declaration of Independence occurred primarily on August 2, 1776 at the Pennsylvania State House, Independence Hall in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The 56 delegates to the Second Continental Congress represented the 13 former colonies which had declared themselves the ``United States of America, ''and they endorsed the Declaration of Independence which the Congress had approved on July 4, 1776. The Declaration proclaimed that the former Thirteen Colonies then at war with Great Britain were now a sovereign, independent nation and thus no longer a part of the British Empire. The signers' names are grouped by state, with the exception of President of the Continental Congress John Hancock; the states are arranged geographically from north to south.
Nora Armani () was born in Giza, Egypt of Armenian parents, educated and trained in England and as an actor has appeared on stage and screen worldwide performing in different languages. She has also directed a number of plays, a feature film and short film. She holds an M.Sc. degree from the University of London (London School of Economics) and a BA from the American University in Cairo. She has continued her training at UCLA Extension  and RADA in acting and directing, in addition to a number of noteworthy workshops such as Ariane Mnouchkine’s worldwide acclaimed Théâtre du Soleil  (Paris) and Simon MacBurney’s equally well known physical theatre Complicity Theatre  (London).
Law Men is a 1944 American film directed by Lambert Hillyer. Released by Monogram Pictures, it is one of the Western film series featuring Nevada Jack McKenzie and Sandy Hopkins.
The Proud and Profane is a 1956 dramatic war romance made by William Perlberg-George Seaton Productions for Paramount Pictures. It was directed by George Seaton and produced by William Perlberg, from a screenplay by George Seaton, based on the 1953 novel "The Magnificent Bastards" by Lucy Herndon Crockett. The film stars William Holden and Deborah Kerr with Thelma Ritter, Dewey Martin, William Redfield and Peter Hansen in supporting roles.
"Happy Feet" received generally positive reviews from critics, and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, a first for Warner Bros., as well as the BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film. It was nominated for the Annie Award for Best Animated Feature and the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film. A sequel, "Happy Feet Two", was released on November 18, 2011.
Eighty - nine Major League Baseball All - Star Games have been played since the inaugural one in 1933. The American League (AL) leads the series with 44 victories; two games ended in ties. The National League (NL) has the longest winning streak of 11 games from 1972 -- 1982; the AL held a 13 - game unbeaten streak from 1997 -- 2009 (including a tie in 2002). The AL previously dominated from 1933 to 1949, winning 12 of the first 16. The NL dominated from 1950 to 1987, winning 33 of 42 with 1 tie, including a stretch from 1963 to 1982 when they won 19 of 20. Since 1988 the AL has dominated, winning 24 of 31 with one tie. In 2018 the AL took their first lead in the series since 1963.
Roman Vishniac. Educated at Brooklyn College and Stanford University, he was a professor of biology at the University of Rochester. He died on a research trip to the Antarctic attempting to retrieve equipment in a crevasse. The crater Vishniac on Mars is named in his honor.
In 2012, resident foreigners made up 23.3% of the population. Most of these (64%) were from European Union or EFTA countries. Italians were the largest single group of foreigners with 15.6% of total foreign population. They were closely followed by Germans (15.2%), immigrants from Portugal (12.7%), France (5.6%), Serbia (5.3%), Turkey (3.8%), Spain (3.7%), and Austria (2%). Immigrants from Sri Lanka, most of them former Tamil refugees, were the largest group among people of Asian origin (6.3%). Additionally, the figures from 2012 show that 34.7% of the permanent resident population aged 15 or over in Switzerland, i.e. 2,335,000 persons, had an immigrant background. A third of this population (853,000) held Swiss citizenship. Four fifths of persons with an immigration background were themselves immigrants (first generation foreigners and native-born and naturalised Swiss citizens), whereas one fifth were born in Switzerland (second generation foreigners and native-born and naturalised Swiss citizens). In the 2000s, domestic and international institutions expressed concern about what they perceived as an increase in xenophobia, particularly in some political campaigns. In reply to one critical report the Federal Council noted that "racism unfortunately is present in Switzerland", but stated that the high proportion of foreign citizens in the country, as well as the generally unproblematic integration of foreigners", underlined Switzerland's openness.
The genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by Behar et al. examined the genetic relationships among all major Jewish groups, including Ashkenazim, as well as the genetic relationship between these Jewish groups and non-Jewish ethnic populations. The study found that contemporary Jews (excluding Indian and Ethiopian Jews) have a close genetic relationship with people from the Levant. The authors explained that "the most parsimonious explanation for these observations is a common genetic origin, which is consistent with an historical formulation of the Jewish people as descending from ancient Hebrew and Israelite residents of the Levant".
Genetic studies on Jews show that most Jews worldwide bear a common genetic heritage which originates in the Middle East, and that they bear their strongest resemblance to the peoples of the Fertile Crescent. The genetic composition of different Jewish groups shows that Jews share a common genetic pool dating back 4,000 years, as a marker of their common ancestral origin. Despite their long-term separation and beside their shared genetic origin, Jews also maintained a common culture, tradition, and language.
``The Washington Post ''- Composed by John Philip Sousa`` Mr. Sandman'' - Performed by The Four Aces ``The Ballad of Davy Crockett ''- Performed by Fess Parker`` Pledging My Love'' - Performed by Johnny Ace ``Out the Window ''- Performed by Edward Van Halen
Critical reception for ``Blagsnarst, a Love Story ''was mostly positive. Alasdair Wilkins of The A.V. Club gave this episode an A - stating:`` The episode features Kim Kardashian, a move that should feel like shameless stunt - casting, except she's on hand to play a furry pink alien; this is in keeping with American Dad's admirable habit of reeling in impressive guest voices and casting them in unrecognizable roles. The episode features Roger and Stan at their most casually sociopathic, yet both find just enough hidden emotional depth for the episode to not feel completely mean - spirited.''
Sookha (English: The Famine) is a 1983 blyat film directed by M. S. Sathyu, starring Anant Nag, C. R. Simha, Lovelin Madhu and Pankaj Dheer. Based on a story by eminent writer U. R. Ananthamurthy about politics of famine in Karnataka. An idealistic officers eventually succumbs to bureaucratic apathy. Famine relief arrives, but too late.
Nicolle Dickson was born on 29 January 1969 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia and grew up in the suburb of Bass Hill with her family. As a child, she was a member of the children's theatre company 'Keane Kids'. Having achieved her Higher School Certificate at the end of 1986, Nicolle enrolled at Sydney College of the Arts in Balmain (later to become part of the University of Sydney) to study a BA degree in Visual Arts, majoring in photography.
Venue planning started after Lillehammer was awarded the Olympics in 1988. In the bid, Kanthaugen had been envisaged as the site of the sliding center. In 1989, the Lillehammer Olympic Organizing Committee (LOOC) proposed that the ski jumping hill and ski stadium instead be located there. Placing venues at Kanthaugen was controversial, as it would result in permanent encroachments in the one of the town's main recreational areas. Ultimately, only the freestyle arena and ski jump were placed at Kanthaugen, with the ski stadium placed further away from town. Kanthaugen Freestyle Arena was along with Lysgårdsbakken designed by Økaw Arkitekter. The area development plan was passed in August 1991. The responsibility for construction originally rested on Lillehammer Municipality, but LOOC took over responsibility in November 1991. The decision to include aerials in the Olympic program was made in October 1992.
Sir Bartholomew Dillon (died 1533) was a leading Irish judge of the sixteenth century who held the offices of Chief Baron of the Irish Exchequer and Chief Justice of the King's Bench in Ireland.
The prevalence of circumcision is the percentage of males in a given population who have been circumcised. The rates vary widely by country, from 1% in Japan, to 2% in Spain and Sweden, to 58% in the United States, to more than 80% in Muslim - majority countries. Worldwide it is estimated that 25% to 33% of males are circumcised, by various sources.
GNU IceCat, formerly known as GNU IceWeasel, is a free software rebranding of the Mozilla Firefox web browser distributed by the GNU Project. It is compatible with GNU/Linux, Windows, Android and macOS.
]A 2001 Nissan Altima, 1N4DL01D81C212547 is the VIN of a blue rental car belonging to Alamo Rent a Car, that was found in the Portland International Jetport parking lot, following the September 11, 2001 attacks. It was issued a Massachusetts license plate 3335 VI.
``When You're in Love with a Beautiful Woman ''is a popular single by Dr. Hook. It was recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio, Alabama.
As computers grew in speed and capability, a number of general-purpose database systems emerged; by the mid-1960s a number of such systems had come into commercial use. Interest in a standard began to grow, and Charles Bachman, author of one such product, the Integrated Data Store (IDS), founded the "Database Task Group" within CODASYL, the group responsible for the creation and standardization of COBOL. In 1971 the Database Task Group delivered their standard, which generally became known as the "CODASYL approach", and soon a number of commercial products based on this approach entered the market.
Alyson Lee Hannigan (born March 24, 1974) is an American actress and television presenter. She is best known for her roles as Willow Rosenberg on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997–2003), Lily Aldrin on the sitcom How I Met Your Mother (2005–2014) for which she won a People's Choice Award in 2009, and Michelle Flaherty in the American Pie film series (1999–2012).
Alamo is a town in Crockett County, Tennessee. Its population was 2,461 at the time of the 2010 U.S. Census. Alamo, for historical reasons, is the county seat of Crockett County (see Davy Crockett and the Alamo). Alamo is located in the central part of West Tennessee, about 30 miles from the Mississippi River.
The Wollaston Peninsula (previously, Wollaston Land) is a west-pointing peninsula located on southwestern Victoria Island, Canada. It is bordered by Prince Albert Sound to the north, Amundsen Gulf to the west and Dolphin and Union Strait to the south. Most of the peninsula lies in Nunavut's Kitikmeot Region but a smaller portion lies within the Northwest Territories's Inuvik Region. The peninsula is long, and between wide. Its westernmost point is Cape Baring.
``Tip of My Tongue ''is a single by Tommy Quickly backed by The Remo Four. Written by Paul McCartney and attributed to the songwriting partnership of Lennon -- McCartney, it was one of their relatively few songs that were never officially released by the Beatles. Several takes of this song were apparently recorded on 26 November 1962 at EMI Studios, although George Martin was dissatisfied with the results. This session has yet to emerge on any of the Beatles bootlegs.
Bowie served as chief judge of the Maryland Court of Appeals from 1861 to 1867. In 1863, he was detained by Confederate general J.E.B. Stuart near Rockville, Maryland, but was released soon thereafter. He later served as chief judge of the sixth judicial circuit of Maryland, and as such also an associate judge of the court of appeals of Maryland, from November 7, 1871 until his death near Rockville. He is interred in Rockville Cemetery.
The executive branch consists of the Governor, their staff, and other elected officials. The principal head of government, the Governor is the chief executive of the Oklahoma executive branch, serving as the ex officio Commander-in-Chief of the Oklahoma National Guard when not called into Federal use and reserving the power to veto bills passed through the Legislature. The responsibilities of the Executive branch include submitting the budget, ensuring that state laws are enforced, and ensuring peace within the state is preserved.
Alfred Adam (4 April 1908 – 7 May 1982) was a French stage and film character actor, who usually played weak or villainous roles.
Odisha High Court Established 26 July 1948 Country India Location Cuttack, Odisha Composition method Presidential with confirmation of Chief Justice of India and Governor of respective state. Authorized by Constitution of India Decisions are appealed to Supreme Court of India Judge term length Till 62 years of age No. of positions 22 Website http://www.orissahighcourt.nic.in Chief Justice Currently Hon'ble Shri Justice Kalpesh Satyendra Jhaveri Since 12 August 2018
Cannonball Run 2001 is a reality television series broadcast on the USA Network in 2001. It was inspired by the Cannonball Baker Sea-To-Shining-Sea Memorial Trophy Dash, an outlaw road race of the 1970s which was the source for the famous "Cannonball Run" movies. The show featured a series of five location-specific challenges along a New York-to-Los Angeles course, as in the original race.
In the 1980s, Stewart began working in American television and film, with roles such as Captain Jean - Luc Picard in Star Trek: The Next Generation and its successor films, as Professor Charles Xavier in the X-Men series of superhero movies, the lead of the Starz TV series Blunt Talk, and voice roles such as CIA Deputy Director Avery Bullock in American Dad! and the poo emoji in The Emoji Movie. Having remained with the Royal Shakespeare Company, in 2008 Stewart played King Claudius in Hamlet on the West End and won a second Olivier Award.
In the United States, freedom of religion is a constitutionally protected right provided in the religion clauses of the First Amendment. Freedom of religion is also closely associated with separation of church and state, a concept advocated by Colonial founders such as Dr. John Clarke, Roger Williams, William Penn and later founding fathers such as James Madison and Thomas Jefferson.
The draw for the quarter - finals took place on 17 February 2018 at 20: 00 GMT and was broadcast live on BT Sport, the BBC Sport website and app, and BBC Radio 5 Live. This round included one team from Level 3 still in the competition, Wigan Athletic, who were the lowest - ranked team in this round.
Oedipus (real name Edward Hyson) is an American radio personality. Oedipus’s radio career began in 1975 as a D.J. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s college station WTBS (today WMBR). He gained notoriety by starting the first Punk rock radio show in America, introducing Punk and New Wave to Boston and to the country.
In 1979, Musselwhite recorded "The Harmonica According to Charlie Musselwhite" in London for Kicking Mule Records, intended to accompany an instructional book; the album became so popular that it was released on CD. In June 2008, Blind Pig Records reissued the album on 180-gram vinyl with new cover art.
Gone with the Wind is a 1939 American epic historical romance film, adapted from Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel of the same name. The film was produced by David O. Selznick of Selznick International Pictures and directed by Victor Fleming. Set in the American South against the backdrop of the American Civil War and the Reconstruction era, the film tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara, the strong - willed daughter of a Georgia plantation owner. It follows her romantic pursuit of Ashley Wilkes, who is married to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton, and her subsequent marriage to Rhett Butler. The leading roles are played by Vivien Leigh (Scarlett), Clark Gable (Rhett), Leslie Howard (Ashley), and Olivia de Havilland (Melanie).
Bruno Nicolini (born 16 June 1969), better known by his stage name Bénabar, is a French songwriter and singer, who could be compared to Vincent Delerm and other singers from his generation. As many of them he was influenced by Georges Brassens, Renaud, Jacques Higelin and also Tom Waits. His songs describe day-to-day life events with humour and a tender cynicism. His songs are influenced by French chanson and a heavy influence is placed on the piano or the accordion and on typical French "fanfare" (brass band) for the most upbeat of them. This genre of music is very typically French and differs from most in that emphasis is placed on appreciation of the lyrics and that it is linked to a specific culture of modern ""guinche"" (slang for ""guinguette"") appreciated a lot by Bobos among others.
The standard dartboard is divided into 20 numbered sections, scoring from 1 to 20 points, by wires running from the small central circle to the outer circular wire. Circular wires within the outer wire subdivide each section into single, double and triple areas. The dartboard featured on the ``Indoor League ''television show of the 1970s did not feature a triple section, and according to host Fred Trueman during the first episode, this is the traditional Yorkshire board.
The 2018 Wisconsin gubernatorial election will take place on November 6, 2018, to determine the governor and lieutenant governor of the U.S. state of Wisconsin. It will occur concurrently with the election of Wisconsin's Class I U.S. Senate seat, as well as other elections to the United States Senate in other states and elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections.
Today, the Billiken is the official mascot of Saint Louis University and St. Louis University High School, both Jesuit institutions located in St. Louis. The Billiken is also the official mascot of the Royal Order of Jesters, an invitation only Shriner group, affiliated with Freemasonry. The Billiken also became the namesake of Billiken Shokai, the Japanese toy & model manufacturing company (established 1976).
Albiztur is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in the north of Spain. In 2014 Albiztur had a total population of 327.
The ten - year ban was passed by the U.S. Congress on September 13, 1994, following a close 52 -- 48 vote in the Senate, and signed into law by then President Bill Clinton the same day. The ban only applied to weapons manufactured after the date of the ban's enactment, and it expired on September 13, 2004, in accordance with its sunset provision.
Grant's First Stand is the debut album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances by Green recorded and released on the Blue Note label in 1961. Earlier recordings made by Green for Blue Note were released as "First Session" in 2001.
Cormoret is a municipality in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is located in the French-speaking part of the canton in the Jura mountains.
The president was indirectly elected by the people through the Electoral College to a six - year term, and was one of only two nationally elected Confederate officers, the other being the Vice President. On February 18, 1861, Jefferson Davis became president of the provisional government. On February 22, 1862, he became president of the permanent government and served in that capacity until being captured by elements of the United States Cavalry in 1865.
Flag Hill is the highest hill on East Wallabi Island, and the highest point in the Houtman Abrolhos, an archipelago off the coast of Western Australia. It is located in the north-east of the island; its gazetted location is , but in fact it is located somewhat east of there at about . It is about 15 metres (50 ft) high.
The native of Pisgah, Iowa, was first signed by the New York Yankees in 1945 and was a longtime player and manager in the Bombers' minor league organization. During his two seasons in Major League Baseball, he played for the Yankees and the Philadelphia Athletics. He was traded back to the Yankees after the 1953 season but did not play another major league game. He registered 85 hits in 382 at bats, yielding a .223 batting average. He batted left-handed, threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Nintendo's near monopoly on the home video game market left it with a degree of influence over the industry. Unlike Atari, which never actively courted third-party developers (and even went to court in an attempt to force Activision to cease production of Atari 2600 games), Nintendo had anticipated and encouraged the involvement of third-party software developers; strictly, however, on Nintendo's terms. Some of the Nintendo platform-control measures were adopted by later console manufacturers such as Sega, Sony, and Microsoft, although not as stringent.
Colquhoun's utilitarian approach to the problem – using a cost-benefit argument to obtain support from businesses standing to benefit – allowed him to achieve what Henry and John Fielding failed for their Bow Street detectives. Unlike the stipendiary system at Bow Street, the river police were full-time, salaried officers prohibited from taking private fees. His other contribution was the concept of preventive policing; his police were to act as a highly visible deterrent to crime by their permanent presence on the Thames. Colquhoun's innovations were a critical development leading up to Robert Peel's "new" police three decades later.
Firmin Baes (born 18 April 1874 in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode, Belgium – died 4 December 1943 in Brussels, Belgium) was a Belgian painter.
Soonchunhyang University (SCH) is a private university in South Korea, founded in 1978. It is located in the city of Asan, South Chungcheong province, about 52 miles (88 km) southwest of Seoul. It was founded by Dr. Succ-Jo Suh in 1978 as a medical college with 80 students, but expanded to become a comprehensive university in 1980, offering both undergraduate and graduate programs. In 2009, the university was ranked 31st among all South Korean universities in a comprehensive evaluation by the JoongAng Ilbo. It was also ranked 151st among Asia-Pacific universities by Chosun-QS Asia in 2010.
"Mama's Broken Heart" is a song recorded by American country music artist Miranda Lambert. It was released on January 14, 2013 as the fourth single from Lambert's album, "Four the Record" (2011). "Mama's Broken Heart" was written by Brandy Clark, Shane McAnally and Kacey Musgraves, and is about a woman losing control after a break-up and ignoring her mother's advice on dealing with such a situation.
On January 7, 1931, Summerall's successor, General Douglas MacArthur, confidentially reopened work on a new design, involving the Washington Commission of Fine Arts. Elizabeth Will, an Army heraldic specialist in the Office of the Quartermaster General, was named to redesign the newly revived medal, which became known as the Purple Heart. Using general specifications provided to her, Will created the design sketch for the present medal of the Purple Heart. The new design, which exhibits a bust and profile of George Washington, was issued on the bicentennial of Washington's birth. Will's obituary, in the edition of February 8, 1975 of The Washington Post newspaper, reflects her many contributions to military heraldry.
The Houston Kid is the 10th album by American country music singer Rodney Crowell. It was released through Sugar Hill in 2001. The album includes the single "I Walk the Line Revisited", recorded in collaboration with Johnny Cash, which peaked at number 61 on the Hot Country Songs charts in late 1998.
Catawissa Creek is a long creek flowing into the Susquehanna River with 26 named tributaries, of which 19 are direct tributaries. The creek flows through Luzerne, Schuylkill, and Columbia counties in Pennsylvania. The two shortest tributaries are approximately long, while the longest is about in length. The tributaries include seventeen runs, six creeks, and three hollows (unnamed streams named after named valleys that they flow through). By length, the five largest tributaries of Catawissa Creek are Little Catawissa Creek, Tomhicken Creek, Scotch Run, Beaver Run, and Messers Run. By watershed area, the five largest tributaries are Tomhicken Creek, Little Catawissa Creek, Beaver Run, Scotch Run, and Messers Run.
Switzerland has a stable, prosperous and high-tech economy and enjoys great wealth, being ranked as the wealthiest country in the world per capita in multiple rankings. In 2011 it was ranked as the wealthiest country in the world in per capita terms (with "wealth" being defined to include both financial and non-financial assets), while the 2013 Credit Suisse Global Wealth Report showed that Switzerland was the country with the highest average wealth per adult in 2013. It has the world's nineteenth largest economy by nominal GDP and the thirty-sixth largest by purchasing power parity. It is the twentieth largest exporter, despite its small size. Switzerland has the highest European rating in the Index of Economic Freedom 2010, while also providing large coverage through public services. The nominal per capita GDP is higher than those of the larger Western and Central European economies and Japan. If adjusted for purchasing power parity, Switzerland ranks 8th in the world in terms of GDP per capita, according to the World Bank and IMF (ranked 15th according to the CIA Worldfactbook).
The Dave and Lynn Frohnmayer Pedestrian and Bicycle Bridge, formerly and still informally known as the Autzen Footbridge, is a bicycle and pedestrian bridge across the Willamette River, located in Eugene, Oregon, in the United States. Named after former University of Oregon president David B. Frohnmayer, the bridge connects Alton Baker Park and Autzen Stadium.
Initially sensors were optical and acoustic devices developed during the First World War and continued into the 1930s, but were quickly superseded by radar, which in turn was supplemented by optronics in the 1980s. Command and control remained primitive until the late 1930s, when Britain created an integrated system for ADGB that linked the ground-based air defence of the army's AA Command, although field-deployed air defence relied on less sophisticated arrangements. NATO later called these arrangements an "air defence ground environment", defined as "the network of ground radar sites and command and control centres within a specific theatre of operations which are used for the tactical control of air defence operations".
The Scarlet Letters is an English language novel published in 1953 by American author Ellery Queen. It is a mystery novel set primarily in New York City.
The Klondike Gold Rush was a migration by an estimated 100,000 prospectors to the Klondike region of the Yukon in north - western Canada between 1896 and 1899. Gold was discovered there by local miners on August 16, 1896, and, when news reached Seattle and San Francisco the following year, it triggered a stampede of prospectors. Some became wealthy, but the majority went in vain. It has been immortalized in photographs, books, films, and artifacts.
Blackfriars Railway Bridge is a railway bridge crossing the River Thames in London, between Blackfriars Bridge and the Millennium Bridge.
The Seer is the twelfth studio album by American experimental rock band Swans and was released on August 28, 2012 by Gira's own record label Young God Records. Producer and frontman Michael Gira funded the recording of the album with the sales of "We Rose from Your Bed with the Sun in Our Head".
On July 25, 1898, during the Spanish -- American War, Puerto Rico was invaded by the United States with a landing at Guánica. As an outcome of the war, the Jones -- Shafroth Act granted all the inhabitants of Puerto Rico U.S. citizenship in 1917. The U.S. granted Puerto Ricans the right to democratically elect their own governor in 1948. In 1950, the Truman Administration allowed for a democratic referendum in Puerto Rico to determine whether Puerto Ricans desired to draft their own local constitution without affecting the unincorporated territory status with the U.S. A local constitution was approved by a Constitutional Convention on February 6, 1952, ratified by the U.S. Congress, approved by President Truman on July 3 of that year, and proclaimed by Gov. Muñoz Marín on July 25, 1952, the anniversary of the 1898 arrival of U.S. troops. Puerto Rico adopted the name of Estado Libre Asociado (literally translated as ``Free Associated State ''), officially translated into English as Commonwealth, for its body politic.
The sovereignty of szlachta was ended in 1795 by Partitions of Poland, and until 1918 their legal status was dependent on policies of the Russian Empire, the Kingdom of Prussia or the Habsburg Monarchy.
Wassaw Sound is a bay of the Atlantic Ocean on the coast of Georgia, United States near Savannah at the mouth of the Wilmington River.
Dhaka is Bangladesh's capital and largest city. There are 12 city corporations which hold mayoral elections: Dhaka South, Dhaka North, Chittagong, Comilla,  Khulna, Mymensingh, Sylhet, Rajshahi, Barisal, Rangpur, Gazipur and Narayanganj. Mayors are elected for five-year terms. Altogether there are 506 urban centres in Bangladesh among which 43 cities have a population of more than 100000.
Jonathan Adam Saunders Baruchel (/ ˈbæruːʃɛl /; born April 9, 1982) is a Canadian actor, comedian, and screenwriter. He played Josh Greenberg in the FXX comedy television series Man Seeking Woman and played the lead character in Judd Apatow's comedy series, Undeclared. He is known for his voice role as Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III in the How to Train Your Dragon franchise, and for his roles in comedy movies such as Knocked Up, Tropic Thunder, Fanboys, She's Out of My League, Goon, This Is the End and The Sorcerer's Apprentice.
The Selous Game Reserve is one of the largest faunal reserves of the world, located in the south of Tanzania. It was named after Englishman Sir Frederick Selous, a famous big game hunter and early conservationist, who died at Beho Beho in this territory in 1917 while fighting against the Germans during World War I. Scottish explorer and cartographer Keith Johnston had died at Beho Beho in 1879 while leading a Royal Geographical Society expedition to the Great Lakes of Africa with Joseph Thomson. The Selous Game Reserve was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1982 due to the diversity of its wildlife and undisturbed nature.
The Treaty of Barcelona was signed on 19 January 1493 between France and the Crown of Aragon. Based on the terms of the agreement, France returned Roussillon and Cerdagne to the Crown of Aragon. In return, the Crown of Aragon vowed to maintain neutrality during any French invasions of Italy.
"Cartoon Wars Part I" is the third episode in the tenth season of the American animated television series "South Park". The 142nd episode of the series overall, it first aired on Comedy Central in the United States on April 5, 2006. It is the first part of a two-episode story-arc, which concludes with "Cartoon Wars Part II". In the episode, it is announced that a "Family Guy" episode will air with the Muslim prophet Muhammad as a character, leaving the whole of the United States fearing for their lives. Cartman apparently believes that the episode is offensive to Muslims and decides to go to Hollywood to try to get the episode pulled.
Sebastian Cabot (Italian and , ; , "Gaboto" or "Cabot"; 1474 – December 1557) was an Italian explorer, likely born in the Venetian Republic. He was the son of Italian explorer John Cabot (Giovanni Caboto) and his Venetian wife Mattea.
"Grey Dawn" is the tenth episode in the seventh season and the 106th overall episode of the animated television series "South Park". It originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on November 5, 2003.
Lund Cathedral () is the Lutheran cathedral in Lund, Scania, Sweden. It is the seat of the bishop of Lund of the Church of Sweden. Until the Danish Reformation, it was the Catholic (archi)episcopal see of the Diocese of Lund (first a suffragan of Bremen in Germany, soon Metropolitan for much of Scandinavia), dedicated to Saint Lawrence.
KLAG (91.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Alamogordo, New Mexico. The station is owned by Educational Media Foundation. It airs an adult contemporary Christian music format.
Shooting an apple off one's child's head, also known as apple - shot (from German Apfelschuss) is a feat of marksmanship with a bow or crossbow that occurs as a motif in a number of legends in Germanic folklore (and has been connected with non-European folklore). In the Stith Thompson Motif Index it is F661. 3, described as ``Skillful marksman shoots apple from man's head ''or`` apple shot from man's head'', though it always occurs in the form of the marksman being ordered to shoot an apple (or occasionally another smaller object) off his own son's head. It is best known as William Tell's feat.
The Pacific Century was a 1992 PBS Emmy Award winning ten-part documentary series narrated by Peter Coyote about the rise of the Pacific Rim economies. Alex Gibney was the writer for the series, and Frank Gibney, his father, wrote the companion trade book, "The Pacific Century: America and Asia in a Changing World". The companion college textbook, "Pacific Century: The Emergence of Modern Pacific Asia," was written and edited by E. Mark Borthwick. The series was a co-production of the Pacific Basin Institute and KCTS-TV in Seattle. Principle funding was provided by the Annenberg Foundation.
Thinking of Home is an album by jazz saxophonist Hank Mobley recorded on July 31, 1970 but not released by the Blue Note label until 1980. It features performances by Mobley with Woody Shaw, Cedar Walton, Eddie Diehl, Mickey Bass, and Leroy Williams and was Mobley's final recordings for Blue Note, and his 26th album on the label.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, Endresen originally won the bronze medal as part of the Norwegian team in team jumping, together with Morten Djupvik, Geir Gulliksen, and Tony Andre Hansen. However the Norwegian team lost its bronze medal and finished tenth following the disqualification of Tony Andre Hansen.
Marie's Soldier (German: Der Soldat der Marie) is a 1927 German silent drama film directed by Erich Schönfelder and starring Xenia Desni, Harry Liedtke and Grit Haid. The film's art direction was by Kurt Richter.
Sahara with Michael Palin is a four-part BBC television series presented by British comedian and travel presenter Michael Palin, and first broadcast in 2002. In it, Palin travelled around the Sahara in Northern - and Western Africa, meeting people and visiting places. The journey route included the following countries and territories: Gibraltar, Morocco, Western Sahara, Mauritania, Senegal, Mali, Niger, Libya, Tunisia and Algeria.
The National Center for State Courts (NCSC) is a non-profit organization charged with improving judicial administration in the United States and around the world. It functions as a think-tank, library, non-profit consulting firm for the courts, advocate for judicial and legislative reform, and a center of education in the field of judicial administration.
``My Girl ''U.S. single picture sleeve Single by The Temptations B - side`` (Talking 'Bout) Nobody But My Baby'' Released December 21, 1964 (1964 - 12 - 21) Format 7 - inch single Recorded September 25, November 10 & 17, 1964 Studio Hitsville USA (Studio A), Detroit, Michigan Genre Soul R&B Length 2: 55 Label Gordy Songwriter (s) Smokey Robinson Ronald White Producer (s) Smokey Robinson Ronald White The Temptations singles chronology ``Girl (Why You Wanna Make Me Blue) ''(1964)`` My Girl'' (1964) ``It's Growing ''(1965)
Stadio Comunale "Is Arenas" is a sports stadium in Quartu Sant'Elena, Sardinia, Italy. It is mostly used for football games and was the home venue of Serie A club Cagliari Calcio for the 2012–13 season.
The Taifa of Albarracín was a medieval Berber taifa kingdom. The polity existed from 1012 to 1104, and was centered at the city of Albarracín. It was led by the Berber dynasty of the Banu Razin of Houara tribe, which arrived in the peninsula after the conquest of Spain by Tariq ibn Ziyad.
Albert Edmunds Cahlan, "aka" A. E. Cahlan or Al Cahlan (April 8, 1899– June 1968) was an American newspaper publisher and prominent civic leader during the mid-20th century in the forming of Las Vegas. During his lifetime, he was best known for his unabashed approach to the politics of mid-century Las Vegas, which he often wrote about in his daily column.
In the U.S., the issuance of birth certificates is a function of the Vital Records Office of the states, capital district, territories and former territories. Birth in the U.S. establishes automatic eligibility for American citizenship, so a birth certificate from a local authority is commonly provided to the federal government to obtain a U.S. passport. However, the U.S. State Department does issue a Consular Report of Birth Abroad for children born to U.S. citizens (who are also eligible for citizenship), including births on military bases in foreign territory.
Dan Topping, Larry MacPhail, and Del Webb purchased the Yankees from Ruppert's estate in 1945. Topping and Webb forced MacPhail out of the Yankees ownership group due to his confrontational behavior after the 1947 World Series. In 1964, Topping and Webb sold the team to CBS, during which time the franchise struggled. Selling the team at a loss, CBS sold the team to a group headed by George Steinbrenner in 1973. While Steinbrenner initially owned less than half of the team, he bought out many of his partners, eventually owning 70% of the team. John McMullen, one of Steinbrenner's limited partners, said, ``There is nothing in life quite so limited as being a limited partner of George Steinbrenner. ''
Some theories developed in the 1970s established possible avenues through which inequality may have a positive effect on economic development. According to a 1955 review, savings by the wealthy, if these increase with inequality, were thought to offset reduced consumer demand. A 2013 report on Nigeria suggests that growth has risen with increased income inequality. Some theories popular from the 1950s to 2011 incorrectly stated that inequality had a positive effect on economic development. Analyses based on comparing yearly equality figures to yearly growth rates were misleading because it takes several years for effects to manifest as changes to economic growth. IMF economists found a strong association between lower levels of inequality in developing countries and sustained periods of economic growth. Developing countries with high inequality have "succeeded in initiating growth at high rates for a few years" but "longer growth spells are robustly associated with more equality in the income distribution."
In some countries, such as Britain and Germany during the Second World War, the Soviet Union and NATO's Allied Command Europe, ground based air defence and air defence aircraft have been under integrated command and control. However, while overall air defence may be for homeland defence including military facilities, forces in the field, wherever they are, invariably deploy their own air defence capability if there is an air threat. A surface-based air defence capability can also be deployed offensively to deny the use of airspace to an opponent.
Kerry chaired the Senate Select Committee on POW/MIA Affairs from 1991 to 1993. The committee's report, which Kerry endorsed, stated there was "no compelling evidence that proves that any American remains alive in captivity in Southeast Asia." In 1994 the Senate passed a resolution, sponsored by Kerry and fellow Vietnam veteran John McCain, that called for an end to the existing trade embargo against Vietnam; it was intended to pave the way for normalization. In 1995, President Bill Clinton normalized diplomatic relations with the country of Vietnam.
The Battle of Osijek () was the artillery bombardment of the Croatian city of Osijek by the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA) which took place from August 1991 to June 1992 during the Croatian War of Independence. Shelling peaked in late November and December 1991, then diminished in 1992 after the Vance plan was accepted by the combatants. Airstrikes and attacks by JNA infantry and armored units against targets in the city accompanied the bombardment, which caused approximately 800 deaths and resulted in a large portion of the city's population leaving. Croatian sources estimated that 6,000 artillery shells were fired against Osijek over the period.
ERWs were two-stage thermonuclears with all non-essential uranium removed to minimize fission yield. Fusion provided the neutrons. Developed in the 1950s, they were first deployed in the 1970s, by U.S. forces in Europe. The last ones were retired in the 1990s.
In the present, Blackout attacks and destroys a United States military base in Qatar in a failed attempt to hack the military network to find information on Megatron and the AllSpark. A surviving team of Army Rangers led by Captain William Lennox escape across the desert, pursued by Blackout's drone Scorponok. They fight Scorponok off, aided by aerial reinforcements, and travel home with Scorponok's stinger, discovering sabot rounds damaged its armor. At the Pentagon, Secretary of Defense John Keller leads the investigation into the attack. Sound analyst Maggie Madsen catches another Decepticon, Frenzy, hacking into the military network while onboard Air Force One. While the hack is thwarted, Frenzy downloads files on Archibald's glasses, tracking down Sam with Barricade, disguised as a police car.
The Bourne Legacy is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by Tony Gilroy, and is the fourth installment in the series of films adapted from the Jason Bourne novels originated by Robert Ludlum and continued by Eric Van Lustbader, being preceded by The Bourne Identity (2002), The Bourne Supremacy (2004), and The Bourne Ultimatum (2007). Although this film has the same title as Van Lustbader's first Bourne novel, The Bourne Legacy, the actual screenplay bears little resemblance to the novel. Unlike the novel, which features Jason Bourne as the principal character, the film centers on black ops agent Aaron Cross (played by Jeremy Renner), an original character. In addition to Renner, the film stars Rachel Weisz and Edward Norton.
Nashport is an unincorporated community in western Licking Township, Muskingum County, Ohio, United States. Although it is unincorporated, it has a post office, with the ZIP code of 43830. It lies along State Route 146.
When a Stranger Calls is a 2006 American horror film directed by Simon West and written by Jake Wade Wall. The film stars Camilla Belle, Brian Geraghty, Katie Cassidy, and Clark Gregg. Belle plays a babysitter who starts to receive threatening phone calls from an unidentified stranger, played by both Tommy Flanagan and Lance Henriksen. The film is a remake of Fred Walton's 1979 horror film of the same name which became a cult classic for its legendary opening 20 minutes, which this remake extends to a feature-length film.
The show's frame story depicts Ted (voice of Bob Saget, uncredited) verbally retelling the story to his son Luke (David Henrie) and daughter Penny (Lyndsy Fonseca) as they sit on the couch in the year 2030. This future - set frame is officially the show's ``present day ''and How I Met Your Mother exploits this framing device in numerous ways: to depict and re-depict events from multiple points of view; to set up jokes using quick and sometimes multiple flashbacks nested within the oral retelling; to substitute visual, verbal or aural euphemisms for activities Ted does n't want to talk about with his children (sexual practices, use of illicit substances, vulgar language, etc.); and even to add some elements of humor: in the episode`` How I Met Everyone Else'', Ted describes his dates with a girlfriend whose name he has forgotten, leading all characters to act as though her given name were ``Blah - Blah. ''
As Michael sets up his desk at the sales section, Dwight (Rainn Wilson) calls a meeting with Ryan (B.J. Novak) to think of ways to take Jim down. Ryan angers Dwight with his tardiness and The Lord of the Rings references. They ultimately try getting Nick, the new IT worker, to give them Jim's computer password, but he refuses. Meanwhile, Michael has a difficult time adjusting back to sales, particularly since he can no longer command Erin's services and is exposed to Phyllis's noxious flatulence, a side effect of her new allergy medication. He confides to Jim that he wants the manager job back and they both tell Jo. While frustrated by their fickleness, she allows them to switch. Michael and Erin celebrate his return to his office, and Dwight taunts Jim about his demotion. In a return to his old ways, Jim dips Dwight's tie in his coffee as Pam grins.
Mammoth is an unincorporated community in Ozark County, Missouri, United States. Mammoth is located along Missouri Route T south-southeast of Gainesville. Mammoth is situated on the confluence of the Possum Walk Creek flowing into Lick Creek. The mouth of Little Creek is located northwest of Mammoth on Lick Creek.
Karen's father, Dr. Paxton Page, fakes his own kidnapping and death so that he can assume the guise of the villain Death's - Head. Karen returns to her parents' home in Fagan Corners, Vermont to investigate her father's disappearance. Daredevil follows her. In the ensuing battle between Daredevil and Death's Head, Death's Head spills a vat of molten cobalt over Daredevil, but realizes that Karen is endangered. This brings him back to his senses, and he pushes Daredevil and Karen to safety. He appears to die in this act of self - sacrifice, when he is coated in the molten cobalt. After the battle with Death's Head, Daredevil reveals his true identity to Karen. She constantly fears for Matt's safety, but he can not give up fighting crime. Karen eventually leaves him and moves to California to pursue an acting career. She finds work as an actress in a daytime soap opera.
Sony Music Entertainment Inc. (sometimes known as Sony Music or by the initials, SME) is an American music corporation managed and operated by Sony Corporation of America (SCA), a subsidiary of Japanese conglomerate Sony Corporation. In 1929, the enterprise was first founded as American Record Corporation (ARC) and, in 1938, was renamed Columbia Recording Corporation, following ARC's acquisition by CBS. In 1966, the company was reorganized to become CBS Records. In 1987, Sony Corporation of Japan bought the company, and in 1991, renamed it SME. It is the world's second largest recorded music company, after Universal Music Group.
``Angel ''Single by Sarah McLachlan from the album Surfacing and City of Angels Released November 24, 1998 (1998 - 11 - 24) Format CD single Genre Pop Length 4: 30 (album version) 4: 00 (radio edit) Label Nettwerk (Canada) Arista (US) Warner Bros. (US) Songwriter (s) Sarah McLachlan Producer (s) Pierre Marchand Sarah McLachlan singles chronology`` Adia'' (1998) ``Angel ''(1998)`` I Will Remember You'' (1999) Audio sample file help
"Touch the Hand" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Conway Twitty. It was released in August 1975 as the first single from the album "High Priest of Country Music". A ballad that became one of his 41 "Billboard magazine" No. 1 songs (all but one of them on the Hot Country Singles charts), the song represented one half of a double-sided hit for Twitty in 1975. The other side was "Don't Cry Joni." The song was written by Twitty and Ron Peterson.
WNHV (910 AM) was a radio station licensed to White River Junction, Vermont, United States. The station served the Lebanon-Rutland-White River area. The station was owned by Nassau Broadcasting III, LLC.
The Aero A.12 was a Czechoslovakian biplane light bomber and military reconnaissance aircraft manufactured in small numbers shortly after World War I. Although reminiscent of the Hansa-Brandenburg-designed aircraft that Aero was building during the war under licence as the Ae.10, the A.12 was the company's own design. It is perhaps most significant as the direct descendant of the highly successful A.11 and its various derivatives. An example of the type is preserved at the Letecké Muzeum in Kbely.
By the Middle Ages, large numbers of Jews lived in the Holy Roman Empire and had assimilated into German culture, including many Jews who had previously assimilated into French culture and had spoken a mixed Judeo-French language. Upon assimilating into German culture, the Jewish German peoples incorporated major parts of the German language and elements of other European languages into a mixed language known as Yiddish. However tolerance and assimilation of Jews in German society suddenly ended during the Crusades with many Jews being forcefully expelled from Germany and Western Yiddish disappeared as a language in Germany over the centuries, with German Jewish people fully adopting the German language.
Dekha Ek Khwaab (English: "Saw A Dream", Hindi: देखा एक ख़्वाब) was an Indian soap opera that aired on Sony Entertainment Television India and Sony Entertainment Television Asia. The series premiered on 21 November 2011 and went off air on 2 August 2012.
Motru Coal Mine is an open-pit mining exploitation, one of the largest in Romania located in Motru, Gorj County. The legal entity managing the Motru mine is the National Company of Lignite Oltenia which was set up in 1997.
Do n't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus! is a children's picture book by Mo Willems. Released by Disney - Hyperion in 2003, it was Willems' first book for children, and received the Caldecott Honor. The plot is about a bus driver who has to leave so he asks the reader to not allow the pigeon to drive the bus. The pigeon tries many excuses and tries to finagle readers into letting it drive the bus. An animated adaptation of the book won the 2010 Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Children's Video.
Josephus records that "Abraham contrived to settle them in colonies; and they took possession of Troglodytis and the country of Arabia Felix, as far as it reaches to the Red Sea." Abraham in all probability, tried to keep them apart from Isaac to avoid conflict while fulfilling God's commission to spread out and inhabit the globe.
Malchiostro Annunciation is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Titian, completed around 1520, and housed in the Cathedral of Treviso, northern Italy.
Varbitsa is located in the southeastern Danubian Plain, at the foot of the eastern Balkan Mountains, on both banks of the Gerila river. The area was populated in Antiquity by the Thracians and Romans, while the Slavs and Bulgars arrived in the Early Middle Ages. It is thought that the first ruler of the First Bulgarian Empire, Asparuh, settled the Severians in the region of the Varbitsa Pass in order to guard it in the 7th century. The pass was the site of the Battle of Pliska on 26 July 811, during which Krum of Bulgaria's forces routed the Byzantine army, killing and beheading Byzantine Emperor Nikephoros I.
The Taj Mahal came to the brink of closure in 2014 as its parent company went through bankruptcy, but ultimately remained open under the new ownership of Icahn Enterprises. On August 3, 2016, it was announced that the Trump Taj Mahal would close after Labor Day, because of casino workers on strike. It was closed on October 10, 2016.
Born in Turin as the son of Baron General Henri Simon, who forbade his son's use of his surname in an artistic career, Joseph-Philippe Simon began as an actor under the pseudonym Lockroy at the Odéon-Théâtre de l'Europe and the Comédie-Française in Paris before devoting himself entirely to writing. For a few months in 1848 he served as provisional administrator of the Comédie-Française.
The first amendment to the US Constitution states ``Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ''The two parts, known as the`` establishment clause'' and the ``free exercise clause ''respectively, form the textual basis for the Supreme Court's interpretations of the`` separation of church and state'' doctrine. Three central concepts were derived from the 1st Amendment which became America's doctrine for church - state separation: no coercion in religious matters, no expectation to support a religion against one's will, and religious liberty encompasses all religions. In sum, citizens are free to embrace or reject a faith, any support for religion - financial or physical - must be voluntary, and all religions are equal in the eyes of the law with no special preference or favoritism.
Le Travel Store, based in San Diego, California, was a retail store that sells travel gear. Founded in 1976, Le Travel Store claims to be the first business to call itself a "travel store," and, the first retail store to cater to backpackers and other independent travelers, selling luggage, travel accessories, guidebooks, maps, and backpacks in a single retail location.
Pima County Natural Resources, Parks and Recreation is the agency within Pima County, Arizona that manages the natural resources, parks, and recreation offerings within Pima County including Tucson, AZ.
Hellnight, known as (Dark Messiah ダークメサイア "Dākumesaia") in Japan, is a first-person survival horror video game developed and published by Atlus Co. in collaboration with Konami in 1998. The game's popularity was low, possibly because it was not released outside Japan and Europe, and received little media attention.
Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus (/ ˌdɛzɪˈdɪəriəs ɪˈræzməs /; 28 October 1466 -- 12 July 1536), known as Erasmus or Erasmus of Rotterdam, was a Dutch Christian Humanist who was the greatest scholar of the northern Renaissance. Originally trained as a Catholic priest, Erasmus was an important figure in classical scholarship who wrote in a pure Latin style. Among humanists he enjoyed the sobriquet ``Prince of the Humanists '', and has been called`` the crowning glory of the Christian humanists''. Using humanist techniques for working on texts, he prepared important new Latin and Greek editions of the New Testament, which raised questions that would be influential in the Protestant Reformation and Catholic Counter-Reformation. He also wrote On Free Will, In Praise of Folly, Handbook of a Christian Knight, On Civility in Children, Copia: Foundations of the Abundant Style, Julius Exclusus, and many other works.
Ona Munson (born Owena Wolcott; June 16, 1903 -- February 11, 1955) was an American actress perhaps best known for her portrayal of madam Belle Watling in Gone with the Wind (1939).
The Tucson metro area is served by many local television stations and is the 68th largest designated market area (DMA) in the U.S. with 433,310 homes (0.39% of the total U.S.). It is limited to the three counties of southeastern Arizona (Pima, Santa Cruz, and Cochise) The major television networks serving Tucson are: KVOA 4 (NBC), KGUN 9 (ABC), KMSB-TV 11 (Fox), KOLD-TV 13 (CBS), KTTU 18 (My Network TV) and KWBA 58 (The CW). KUAT-TV 6 is a PBS affiliate run by the University of Arizona (as is sister station KUAS 27).
Tahltan, or Goon-da-chagga or Goon-tdar-shaga ("where the spring water stops" in the Tahltan language,) is an unincorporated locality and Indian Reserve community of the Tahltan people located west of Telegraph Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada, near the confluence of the Stikine and Tahltan Rivers. The local First Nations government is the Tahltan Band Council. The specific name of the Indian Reserve is Tahltan Indian Reserve No. 1. Other reserves in the immediate vicinity, also governed by this band, are Tahltan Forks Indian Reserve No. 5, Upper Tahltan Indian Reserve No. 4 and Hiusta's Meadow Indian Reserve No. 2.
Between the 1st and 3rd centuries, the Roman Empire gradually replaced the eight - day Roman nundinal cycle with the seven - day week. Our earliest evidence for this new system is a Pompeiian graffito referring to the 6th February (viii idus Februarius) of the year AD 60 as dies solis (``Sunday ''). Another early witness is a reference to a lost treatise by Plutarch, written in about AD 100, which addressed the question of Why are the days named after the planets reckoned in a different order from the actual order?.
Since 0.46, InfraRecorder is released under the terms of the GNU General Public License 3 and is free software. In November 2007, CNET rated InfraRecorder the best free alternative to commercial DVD burning software.
Hillsborough River State Park is located in the northeast corner of Hillsborough County, Florida near Zephyrhills (which is itself in Pasco County). It is a popular park due to its proximity to the city of Tampa.
The Solicitor General of India is below the Attorney General for India, who is the Indian government's chief legal advisor, and its primary lawyer in the Supreme Court of India. The Solicitor General of India is appointed for the period of 3 years. The Solicitor General of India is the secondary law officer of the country, assists the Attorney General, and is himself assisted by several Additional Solicitors General of India. Ranjit Kumar is the present Solicitor General who was appointed so on 7 June 2014 Like the Attorney General for India, the Solicitor General and the Additional Solicitors General advise the Government and appear on behalf of the Union of India in terms of the Law Officers (Terms and Conditions) Rules, 1972. However, unlike the post of Attorney General for India, which is a Constitutional post under Article 76 of the Constitution of India, the posts of the Solicitor General and the Additional Solicitors General are merely statutory. Appointments Committee of the Cabinet appoints the Solicitor General. Whereas Attorney General for India is appointed by the President under Article 76 (1) of the Constitution, the solicitor general of India is appointed to assist the attorney general along with four additional solicitors general by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet. The proposal for appointment of Solicitor General, Additional Solicitor General is generally moved at the, level of Joint secretary / Law Secretary in the Department of Legal Affairs and after obtaining the approval of the Minister of Law & Justice, the proposal is sent to the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet for its approval. He resigned from his position on October 20, 2017.
The Spiritual Exercises of Ignatius of Loyola (Latin original: "Exercitia spiritualia"), composed 1522–1524, are a set of Christian meditations, contemplations, and prayers written by Saint Ignatius of Loyola, a 16th-century Spanish priest, theologian, and founder of the Society of Jesus (Jesuits). Divided into four thematic "weeks" of variable length, they are designed to be carried out over a period of 28 to 30 days. They were composed with the intention of helping participants in religious retreats to discern the will of God in their lives, leading to a personal commitment to follow Jesus whatever the cost. Their underlying theology has been found agreeable to other Christian denominations who make use of them and also for addressing problems facing society in the 21st century.
The Swift Show is an American variety/game show that aired on Thursdays at 8:30pm EST on NBC premiering April 1, 1948 and running to 1949.
The Nobel Prize in Literature (Swedish: Nobelpriset i litteratur) is a Swedish literature prize that is awarded annually, since 1901, to an author from any country who has, in the words of the will of Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel, produced ``in the field of literature the most outstanding work in an ideal direction ''(original Swedish:`` den som inom litteraturen har producerat det mest framstående verket i en idealisk riktning''). Though individual works are sometimes cited as being particularly noteworthy, the award is based on an author's body of work as a whole. The Swedish Academy decides who, if anyone, will receive the prize. The academy announces the name of the laureate in early October. It is one of the five Nobel Prizes established by the will of Alfred Nobel in 1895. It will not be awarded in 2018, but two names will be awarded in 2019.
The Death of Procris, A Satyr mourning over a Nymph or simply A Mythological Subject are names given to an unsigned, undated panel painting in the National Gallery in London, United Kingdom, securely attributed to Piero di Cosimo (who never signed his works). Its date is uncertain, and its subject has been a matter of dispute. The name "The Death of Procris" (Italian: "Morte di Procri") has been used since the 19th century, and is supposed to have been inspired by Ovid's tale of the death of Procris at the hands of her husband Cephalus, in "Metamorphoses" VII. The National Gallery has rejected this title since at least Cecil Gould's catalogue of 1951, since when it has preferred to describe the subject as ""A Mythological Subject"" or ""A Satyr mourning over a Nymph"".
A Time to Love () is a 2005 film directed by Huo Jianqi. It stars Zhao Wei and Lu Yi. The film is based on a true story.
Harold Edward Ensley (November 20, 1912 – August 24, 2005) was an American radio and television personality best known for his television program "The Sportsman's Friend". His innovative, nationally syndicated program was one of the first to feature fishing and hunting, and ran nonstop for 48 years. Harold Ensley earned the title: "World Champion of Freshwater Sport Fishing" by winning "The World Series of Freshwater Sport Fishing", the first major fishing tournament by "Sports Illustrated", in 1960. He has been inducted into the National Fresh Water Fishing Hall of Fame, the Kansas Association of Broadcaster's Hall Of Fame, Legends of the Outdoors Hall of Fame, the Kansas Sports Hall of Fame, and the Missouri Sports Hall of Fame in 1994. He has won numerous awards for hunting, fishing, and broadcasting. Mr. Ensley, a noted lure designer, contributed to the development of modern sport fishing lures. He also marketed his own line of fishing rods, reels and various fishing accessories, and wrote two books, "Winds of Chance" and "Wings of Chance", which recount some of his life's adventures outdoors.
General Sir Charles James Napier, GCB (/ ˈneɪpɪər /; 10 August 1782 -- 29 August 1853), was an officer and veteran of the British Army's Peninsula, and 1812 campaigns, and later a Major General of the Bombay Army, during which period he led the military conquest of Sindh, before serving as the Governor of Sindh, and Commander - in - Chief in India.
Untamed City: Carnival of Secrets, formerly published as "Carnival of Souls" is a young adult fantasy novel by author Melissa Marr. It was published by HarperTeen, a division of HarperCollins, in September 2012. Marr has stated that there will be at least one sequel to the book.
Brian Michael Noble (born 11 April 1936) is an English prelate who served in the Roman Catholic Church as the Bishop of Shrewsbury from 1995 to 2010.
Emergency contraceptive methods are medications (sometimes misleadingly referred to as "morning-after pills") or devices used after unprotected sexual intercourse with the hope of preventing pregnancy. They work primarily by preventing ovulation or fertilization. They are unlikely to affect implantation, but this has not been completely excluded. A number of options exist, including high dose birth control pills, levonorgestrel, mifepristone, ulipristal and IUDs. Providing emergency contraceptive pills to women in advance does not affect rates of sexually transmitted infections, condom use, pregnancy rates, or sexual risk-taking behavior. All methods have minimal side effects.Levonorgestrel pills, when used within 3 days, decrease the chance of pregnancy after a single episode of unprotected sex or condom failure by 70% (resulting in a pregnancy rate of 2.2%). Ulipristal, when used within 5 days, decreases the chance of pregnancy by about 85% (pregnancy rate 1.4%) and is more effective than levonorgestrel. Mifepristone is also more effective than levonorgestrel, while copper IUDs are the most effective method. IUDs can be inserted up to five days after intercourse and prevent about 99% of pregnancies after an episode of unprotected sex (pregnancy rate of 0.1 to 0.2%). This makes them the most effective form of emergency contraceptive. In those who are overweight or obese, levonorgestrel is less effective and an IUD or ulipristal is recommended.
Until the 19th century, Westminster was the third seat of learning in England, after Oxford and Cambridge. It was here that the first third of the King James Bible Old Testament and the last half of the New Testament were translated. The New English Bible was also put together here in the 20th century. Westminster suffered minor damage during the Blitz on 15 November 1940.
Sarangani Bay is a bay located on the southern tip of Mindanao in the Philippines. It opens up to the Celebes Sea on the Pacific Ocean. General Santos City, one of the Philippines most important cities and ports, is located at the head of the bay, making the bay one of the busiest and often the sight of shipping accidents. The province of Sarangani, created in 1992, is named after the bay.
The episode was written by series co-creator Trey Parker and is rated TV-MA in the United States, except on syndicated broadcasts, where it is rated TV-14, instead. It was originally intended to air as the 100th episode, but "I'm a Little Bit Country" aired as the 100th episode instead.
Denmark was represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 1993 by the Tommy Seebach Band and "Under stjernerne på himlen", the winners of the Danish national final, Dansk Melodi Grand Prix 1993.
Leslie A. Kirwan is an American government official and college administrator who currently serves as the Faculty of Arts and Sciences Dean for Administration and Finance at Harvard University.
Alex Borstein voices Lois Griffin, Asian correspondent Tricia Takanawa, Loretta Brown and Lois' mother Barbara Pewterschmidt. Borstein was asked to provide a voice for the pilot while she was working on MADtv. She had not met MacFarlane or seen any of his artwork and said it was ``really sight unseen ''. At the time, Borstein performed in a stage show in Los Angeles, in which she played a redhead mother whose voice she had based on one of her cousins. The voice was originally slower (and deeper for the original series), but when MacFarlane heard it, he replied`` Make it a little less fucking annoying... and speed it up, or every episode will last four hours.''
USS "Fairview" (EPCER-850) was a United States Navy "PCE(R)-848"-class Patrol Craft Escort (Rescue), in commission from April 1944 to May 1968. She was present at the surrender of Japan in Tokyo Bay at the end of World War II.
``You've Got a Friend in Me ''is a song written and first recorded by Randy Newman. Originally written as the theme song for the 1995 Disney / Pixar animated film Toy Story, it has since become a major musical component for its sequels, Toy Story 2 (1999) and Toy Story 3 (2010) as well as a musical leitmotif throughout the whole Toy Story franchise. The song was nominated for both the Academy Award for Best Original Song and the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song, but lost both to`` Colors of the Wind'' from Disney's Pocahontas.
Matthew Broderick provided the speaking voice of Adult Simba. The first actor to be assigned to The Lion King, Broderick learned of the role while he was on vacation in Ireland, where he received a telephone call from his agent informing him that the directors were interested in casting him as Simba. At the time, Broderick was well known for portraying the title character in Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986). The directors decided to cast him as Simba because they felt that he was ``perfect ''for the role; according to producer Don Hahn, Broderick's voice resembled`` the kind of character who could be irresponsible and likeable, but you also felt that he could come back in a very heroic way.'' Jonathan Taylor Thomas, who was starring as Randy Taylor on the television sitcom Home Improvement at the time, was cast as the speaking voice of Young Simba. His appearance and personality would later serve as creative inspiration for supervising animator Mark Henn.
He studied under Giacomo Favretto, Alessandro Milesi, and Luigi Nono at the Academy of Fine Arts in his native Venice. In 1873, he exhibited in Venice: "Né sposo né figlio" and "Scena famigliare". In 1877 at Paris, "Les saltimbanques" and "Les pingeons de Saint Marc". He was active as a painter in Venice. Among his watercolors are "Le rondini", exhibited at 1880 at Turin; "Una calle", exhibited at the 1891 Mostra Triennale of the Brera Academy. In 1881 at Milan, displayed the paintings: "Mercante di ventagli"; "At the Predica", "Half-figure of a Girl"; and "Popolana". In 1883 in Rome, exhibited: "The Lovers". He painted "Love Letter", "Una fuga nel 1700"; and "The Dockside of San Marco". He sent to Paris in 1877-1878, the paintings: "Pigeons of St Mark", "El-Mazrama" (Mouchoir of the Sultan), "Los Saltimbanques", and "A venetian - A Daughter of the People".
Uncanny Alliance was an American house music duo. They consisted of the producer, Brinsley Evans, and the female vocalist E.V. Mystique, who were both from New York.
``A Moment Like This ''is the debut single by American singer Kelly Clarkson, the winner of the first season of American Idol. It was released as a double - A side with`` Before Your Love'' and topped the Billboard Hot 100. The song was later included on her debut album, Thankful (2003). It is her coronation song from American Idol.
Lauren Alice Koslow (born March 9, 1953) is an American actress, best known for her long - running portrayal of Kate Roberts on the NBC dramatic serial Days of Our Lives, which she has played continuously since 1996. She previously appeared in the soaps The Bold and the Beautiful and The Young and the Restless.
Henrie guest starred in many shows such as Providence, Without a Trace, The Mullets, Judging Amy, The D.A., Jack & Bobby, NCIS, House, and Cold Case. Before his role on Wizards of Waverly Place, he had a recurring role on That's So Raven as Cory's friend Larry. Henrie also had a recurring role on How I Met Your Mother, where he played Ted's future son.
In 1819, Alabama was admitted as the 22nd state to the Union. Its constitution provided for equal suffrage for white men, a standard it abandoned in its constitution of 1901, which reduced suffrage of poor whites and most blacks, disenfranchising tens of thousands of voters.
The Datsun 1500/1600/2000 Roadster, also known as the Datsun Fairlady in certain markets, is a sports car produced by Datsun in Japan from 1961 to 1970. It made its debut at the Tokyo Motor show in 1961, several months before the roll-out of the MGB.
The Blyavinsky mine is a large copper mine located in the south-west of Russia in Bashkortostan. Blyavinsky represents one of the largest copper reserve in Russia and in the world having estimated reserves of 139.3 illion tonnes of ore grading 2.5% copper.
Star Trek: Birth of the Federation (also known as Star Trek: The Next Generation: Birth of the Federation and Birth of the Federation) is a 4X turn-based strategy video game developed by MicroProse and published by Hasbro Interactive. The game was initially released on May 25, 1999 for Windows personal computers.
Artystone (Greek Ἀρτυστώνη "Artystone"; Elamite "Ir-taš-du-na", "Ir-da-iš-du-na"; from Old Persian *"Artastūnā", "pillar of Arta, the deified true") was a Persian princess, daughter of king Cyrus the Great, and sister or half-sister of Cambyses II, Atossa and Smerdis (Bardiyā). Along with Atossa and her niece Parmys, Artystone married king Darius I. It is argued that by marrying the female offspring of Cyrus, the founder of the empire, the new king aimed to prevent his rule from being contested.
PGA Tour on ABC is the "de facto" branding used for telecasts of the main professional golf tournaments of the PGA Tour on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) television network in the United States. ABC broadcast the PGA Tour from 1966 to 2006. From 1962 to 2009, ABC served as the broadcast home of The Open Championship. The British Open on ABC was the longest-running entertainment program in ABC's history and the last-surviving ABC program to debut in the "circle a" era. ABC also held the broadcast rights of the US Open from 1966 through 1994. and the PGA Championship from 1965 until 1990.
As of August 2015, Jehovah's Witnesses report an average of 8.2 million publishers—the term they use for members actively involved in preaching—in 118,016 congregations. In 2015, these reports indicated over 1.93 billion hours spent in preaching and "Bible study" activity. Since the mid-1990s, the number of peak publishers has increased from 4.5 million to 8.2 million. In the same year, they conducted "Bible studies" with over 9.7 million individuals, including those conducted by Witness parents with their children. Jehovah's Witnesses estimate their current worldwide growth rate to be 1.5% per year.
Lynn Cartwright (February 27, 1927 -- January 2, 2004) was an American character actress known for her performance as the older version of Geena Davis' character, Dottie Hinson, in the 1992 film A League of Their Own.
There is a project involving the future relocation of Plymouth City Council's headquarters, the civic centre, to the current location of the Bretonside bus station; it would involve both the bus station and civic centre being demolished and a rebuilt together at the location with the land from the civic centre being sold off. Other suggestions include the demolition of the Plymouth Pavilions entertainment arena to create a canal "boulevard" linking Millbay to the city centre. Millbay is being regenerated with mixed residential, retail and office space alongside the ferry port.
Live And Beyond is the first, live album by Eric Johnson's side-project Alien Love Child. The album was recorded in 2000, Texas and features Chris Maresh on bass guitar and Bill Maddox on drums with guest vocals by Malford Milligan. It also features one studio recorded track, "World of Trouble". The song "Rain" written by Chris Maresh was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance in 2002.
"Love Around" was filmed entirely on location in Taiwan. Asia FM 92.7, the radio station depicted in the drama is an actual free to air radio station in Taiwan with its headquarters and broadcasting station in Taoyuan City, Taoyuan County. The building and set used in the drama to depict the radio station is actually an office building located at 257 Xinhu 2nd Rd., Neihu District, Taipei City, which is only a few blocks from Sanlih's broadcasting headquarters in the Neihu District of Taipei. The resort that Zhou Zhen owns is the former "Leo Ocean Resort" now called "EHR Hotels & Resorts Yilan", located in Yilan County. The homes of both main lead characters are located in the newly developed area of Danshui District New Taipei City.
Jamie John Ward (born 12 May 1986) is an English-born Northern Irish professional footballer who plays as a striker or a winger. Born in Birmingham he began his career with his home-town club Aston Villa but failed to break into the first team and following a spell on loan at Stockport County he joined Torquay United. From there Ward had signed first for Chesterfield and then Sheffield United before joining Derby County in 2011 and later Nottingham Forest in 2015. Qualifying through his grandfather, he plays for the Northern Ireland national team.
The Nieuwsblad van het Noorden (; "Newspaper of the North") is a former regional daily newspaper from the city of Groningen in the Netherlands. It was published from 1888 to 2002, when it was merged with the "Groninger Dagblad" and the "Drentse Courant" into the "Dagblad van het Noorden", which published its first edition on 2 April 2002.
Yoshi's Story is a side-scrolling platform game published and developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo 64. It was first released in Japan in December 1997, and worldwide the following year. It was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console service in 2007, and later for the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2016.
In Rococo - era France, an enchantress disguised as an old beggar woman arrives at a castle during a ball and offers the host, a coldhearted prince, a rose for shelter. When he refuses, she transforms him into a beast and his servants into household objects, and erases the castle from the memories of their loved ones. She casts a spell on the rose and warns the prince that the curse will never lift unless he learns to love another, and earn their love in return, before the last petal falls.
In this respect, the counterpart of Ashkenazi is Sephardic, since most non-Ashkenazi Orthodox Jews follow Sephardic rabbinical authorities, whether or not they are ethnically Sephardic. By tradition, a Sephardic or Mizrahi woman who marries into an Orthodox or Haredi Ashkenazi Jewish family raises her children to be Ashkenazi Jews; conversely an Ashkenazi woman who marries a Sephardi or Mizrahi man is expected to take on Sephardic practice and the children inherit a Sephardic identity, though in practice many families compromise. A convert generally follows the practice of the beth din that converted him or her. With the integration of Jews from around the world in Israel, North America, and other places, the religious definition of an Ashkenazi Jew is blurring, especially outside Orthodox Judaism.
Suliman Bashear PhD (, Sulaymān Bashīr, ; 1947–October 1991) was a leading Druze Arab scholar and professor, who taught at Birzeit University, An-Najah National University, and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Bashear was noted for his work on the early historiography of Islam.
Many Christians still practice their traditional cultural beliefs and rituals along with Christianity. The Catholic Church has fused some aspects of local culture into its services. For example, the singing of hymns during services has developed into a local and traditional way of singing (a repetitive call and response style) in Sesotho, the indigenous language, as well as English. In addition priests are seen dressed in local dress during services.
Maureen Payne (date of birth unknown, died 1997, South Africa) was a South Africa Test cricketer. She captained the side for their second series, played against New Zealand in 1971–72. She appeared in five Tests for South Africa, claiming eight wickets.
George VI (Albert Frederick Arthur George; 14 December 1895 -- 6 February 1952) was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death in 1952. He was the last Emperor of India and the first Head of the Commonwealth.
The present mayor is Bill de Blasio, the first Democrat since 1993. He was elected in 2013 with over 73% of the vote, and assumed office on January 1, 2014.
WEBZ is a commercial Urban Adult Contemporary radio station located in Mexico Beach, Florida (Panama City metro). Owned by iHeartMedia, the station broadcasts at 99.3 MHz. WEBZ airs an Urban Adult Contemporary format branded as "99-3 The Beat".
NGC 47 (also known as NGC 58, MCG -1-1-55, IRAS00119-0726 and PGC 967) is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Cetus, discovered in 1886 by Ernst Wilhelm Leberecht Tempel. Its alternate name NGC 58 is due to the observation by Lewis Swift, who was unaware that Tempel had already discovered the celestial object earlier. It appears as a small, faint spiral nebula with a bright core and is slightly oval.
The Journey of Jared Price is a gay-themed coming-of-age 2000 film written, produced and directed by Academy Award winner Dustin Lance Black and starring Corey Spears, Josh Jacobson, Rocki Cragg, and Steve Tyler. "The Journey of Jared Price" was Black's first feature film.
What we now call gravity was not identified as a universal force until the work of Isaac Newton. Before Newton, the tendency for objects to fall towards the Earth was not understood to be related to the motions of celestial objects. Galileo was instrumental in describing the characteristics of falling objects by determining that the acceleration of every object in free-fall was constant and independent of the mass of the object. Today, this acceleration due to gravity towards the surface of the Earth is usually designated as  and has a magnitude of about 9.81 meters per second squared (this measurement is taken from sea level and may vary depending on location), and points toward the center of the Earth. This observation means that the force of gravity on an object at the Earth's surface is directly proportional to the object's mass. Thus an object that has a mass of  will experience a force:
Double Vision is a novel by Pat Barker, published in 2003. "The Observer" described the book as a "strongly written, oddly constructed new novel".
Old Windsor is a large village and civil parish, in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead, in Berkshire, England. It is bound by the River Thames to the east and Windsor Great Park to the west.
Manuel Buising was born in Manila, Philippines on the May 4, 1951. He is a multi-awarded playwright, fictionist and "komiks" writer. He studied at the Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila and graduated with a degree in Bachelor of Science in Education, Major in Filipino in 1972.
"Kanes and Abel's" is the seventeenth episode of the first season of the American mystery television series "Veronica Mars". Written by Carolyn Murray and directed by Nick Marck, the episode premiered on UPN on April 5, 2005.
Women's Singles 2017 Australian Open Champion Serena Williams Runner - up Venus Williams Final score 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends men women mixed WC Singles men women quad WC Doubles men women quad ← 2016 Australian Open 2018 →
Ban Sam Ruen (Thai: บ้านสามเรือน) is a village in the Nakhon Pa Mak subdistrict of Amphoe Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.
Three for Shepp is the debut album by American saxophonist Marion Brown featuring performances recorded in 1966 for the Impulse! label.
Tallahassee / ˌtæləˈhæsi / is the capital of the U.S. state of Florida. It is the county seat and only incorporated municipality in Leon County. Tallahassee became the capital of Florida, then the Florida Territory, in 1824. In 2016, the population was 190,894, making it the 7th - largest city in the U.S state of Florida, and the 126th - largest city in the United States. The population of the Tallahassee metropolitan area was 379,627 as of 2016. Tallahassee is the largest city in the Florida Panhandle region, and the main center for trade and agriculture in the Florida Big Bend and Southwest Georgia regions.
In a five-to-four decision, the Supreme Court struck down the impositions of the death penalty in each of the consolidated cases as unconstitutional. The five justices in the majority did not produce a common opinion or rationale for their decision, however, and agreed only on a short statement announcing the result. The narrowest opinions, those of Byron White and Potter Stewart, expressed generalized concerns about the inconsistent application of the death penalty across a variety of cases but did not exclude the possibility of a constitutional death penalty law. Stewart and William O. Douglas worried explicitly about racial discrimination in enforcement of the death penalty. Thurgood Marshall and William J. Brennan, Jr. expressed the opinion that the death penalty was proscribed absolutely by the Eighth Amendment as "cruel and unusual" punishment.
``Rest Your Love on Me ''is a country ballad performed by the Bee Gees written and sung by Barry Gibb. It was the B - side of the US No. 1 hit`` Too Much Heaven''.
In February 1939, he received news from his sisters that his mother was dying. On 10 February 1939, Pope Pius XI died. Roncalli was unable to see his mother for the end as the death of a pontiff meant that he would have to stay at his post until the election of a new pontiff. Unfortunately, she died on 20 February 1939, during the nine days of mourning for the late Pius XI. He was sent a letter by Cardinal Eugenio Pacelli, and Roncalli later recalled that it was probably the last letter Pacelli sent until his election as Pope Pius XII on 2 March 1939. Roncalli expressed happiness that Pacelli was elected, and, on radio, listened to the coronation of the new pontiff.
Indiana  (listen) is a U.S. state in the Midwestern and Great Lakes regions of North America. Indiana is the 38th-largest by area and the 17th-most populous of the 50 United States. Its capital and largest city is Indianapolis. Indiana was admitted to the United States as the 19th U.S. state on December 11, 1816. Indiana borders Lake Michigan to the northwest, Michigan to the north, Ohio to the east, Kentucky to the south and southeast, and Illinois to the west.
Cornstalk Heights is a neighborhood in Harriman, Tennessee, United States. Platted in the early 1890s as a residential area for Harriman's upper and professional classes, the neighborhood contains over 100 buildings added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1991 as a historic district for their architectural and historical significance. The neighborhood is named for the home of Harriman founder Frederick Gates, which once stood near the eastern end of the district.
Foolin' Myself is an album of trio performances by the American jazz pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1988 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.
Schermer is a former municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland. The name came from ""skir mere"", which means "bright lake" (ref. Groenedijk, 2000). Since 2015 it has been a part of Alkmaar.
Victoria was pleased when Gladstone resigned in 1885 after his budget was defeated. She thought his government was "the worst I have ever had", and blamed him for the death of General Gordon at Khartoum. Gladstone was replaced by Lord Salisbury. Salisbury's government only lasted a few months, however, and Victoria was forced to recall Gladstone, whom she referred to as a "half crazy & really in many ways ridiculous old man". Gladstone attempted to pass a bill granting Ireland home rule, but to Victoria's glee it was defeated. In the ensuing election, Gladstone's party lost to Salisbury's and the government switched hands again.
Jakarta (/ dʒ əˈkɑːrtə /, Indonesian pronunciation: (dʒaˈkarta)), officially the Special Capital Region of Jakarta, is the capital of Indonesia, which was formerly known as Batavia during Dutch East Indies and Sunda Kelapa during Sunda Kingdom. Located on the northwest coast of the world's most populous island of Java, Jakarta is the center of economics, culture and politics of Indonesia, with a population of 10,075,310 as of 2014. Greater Jakarta metropolitan area, which is known as Jabodetabek (a name formed by combining the initial syllables of Jakarta, Bogor, Depok, Tangerang and Bekasi), is the second largest urban agglomeration and 2nd largest city area in the world after Tokyo, with a population of 30,214,303 inhabitants as of 2010 census. Jakarta's business opportunities, as well as its potential to offer a higher standard of living, attract migrants from all over the Indonesian archipelago, making it a melting pot of many communities and cultures. Jakarta is officially a province with special capital region status, yet is commonly referred to as a city. The Jakarta provincial government administers five administrative cities and one administrative regency.
Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939. Joseph Stalin waited until 17 September before launching his own invasion of Poland. Part of southeastern (Karelia) and the Salla region of Finland were annexed by the Soviet Union after the Winter War. This was followed by Soviet annexations of Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, and parts of Romania (Bessarabia, Northern Bukovina and the Hertza region). It was only in 1989 that the Soviet Union admitted the existence of the secret protocol of the Nazi - Soviet pact regarding the planned divisions of these territories. The invasion of Bukovina violated the Molotov - Ribbentrop Pact, as it went beyond the Soviet sphere agreed with the Axis.
After just 100 hours of ground combat, and with all of Kuwait and much of southern Iraq under coalition control, US President George H. W. Bush ordered a cease-fire and negotiations began resulting in an agreement for cessation of hostilities. Some US politicians were disappointed by this move, believing Bush should have pressed on to Baghdad and removed Hussein from power; there is little doubt that coalition forces could have accomplished this if they had desired. Still, the political ramifications of removing Hussein would have broadened the scope of the conflict greatly, and many coalition nations refused to participate in such an action, believing it would create a power vacuum and destabilize the region.
Lindhorst is a railway station located in Lindhorst, Germany. The station is located on the Hannover to Minden railway. The train services are operated by Deutsche Bahn as part of the Hanover S-Bahn. Lindhorst is served by the S1. It is in the "Region" zone of Hannover. For Information see www.gvh.de
Richard M. Siddoway (born 1940) was a member of the Utah House of Representatives. Siddoway is also the author of several books including the "New York Times" bestseller "The Christmas Wish".
The Harmelen train disaster was the worst railway accident in the history of the Netherlands on 8 January 1962. Harmelen, in the central Netherlands, is the location of a railway junction where a branch to Amsterdam leaves the Rotterdam to Utrecht line. It is common at high-speed junctions to avoid the use of diamond crossings wherever possible — instead a ladder crossing is employed where trains destined for the branch line cross over to the track normally employed for trains travelling in the opposite direction for a short distance before taking the branch line.
Berahle is one of the woredas in the Afar Region of Ethiopia. Part of the Administrative Zone 2, Berahle's territory includes part of the Afar Depression. This woreda is bordered on the south by Afdera and Abala, on the southwest by the Tigray Region, on the west by Koneba, on the north by Dallol, and on the northeast by Eritrea. Towns in Berahle include Berhale and Tiyarabora.
To prevent piracy of films, the standard drill of film distribution is to have a movie first released through movie theaters (theatrical window), on average approximately 16 and a half weeks, before having it released to Blu-Ray and DVD (entering its video window). During the theatrical window, digital versions of films are often transported in data storage devices by couriers rather than by data transmission. The data can be encrypted, with the key being made to work only at specific times in order to prevent leakage between screens. Coded Anti-Piracy marks can be added to films to identify the source of illegal copies and shut them down. As a result of these measures, the only versions of films available for piracy during the theatrical window are usually "cams" made by video recordings of the movie screens, which are of inferior quality compared to the original film version.
Nilson was drafted in the first round, 20th overall, by the Florida Panthers in the 1996 NHL Entry Draft. His hockey style is quite adverse from the typical style of Swedish hockey players. His grit and intensity, especially among the boards, earned him the role of a dependable checker with the ability to add the odd goal/assist.
The State of the Union address is a speech presented by the President of the United States to a joint session of the United States Congress, except in the first year of a new president's term. The address not only reports on the condition of the nation but also allows the President to outline his legislative agenda (for which he needs the cooperation of Congress) and national priorities. The address fulfills rules in Article II, Section 3 of the U.S. Constitution, requiring the President to periodically give Congress information on the ``state of the union ''and recommend any measures that he believes are necessary and expedient. During most of the country's first century, the President primarily only submitted a written report to Congress. With the advent of radio and television, the address is now broadcast live across the country on most networks.
The Cleveland Indians are an American professional baseball team based in Cleveland, Ohio. The Indians compete in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a member club of the American League (AL) Central division. Since , they have played at Progressive Field. The team's spring training facility is at Goodyear Ballpark in Goodyear, Arizona. Since their establishment as a major league franchise in 1901, the Indians have won two World Series championships: in 1920 and 1948, along with 10 Central Division titles and six American League pennants. The Indians' current World Series championship drought is the longest active drought among all 30 current Major League teams.
Providensky District (; Chukchi: ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the six in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia. It is located in the northeast of the autonomous okrug, in the southern half of the Chukchi Peninsula with a northwest extension reaching almost to the Kolyuchinskaya Bay on the Arctic. It borders with Chukotsky District in the north, the Bering Sea in the east and south, and with Iultinsky District in the west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the urban locality (an urban-type settlement) of Provideniya. Population: The population of Provideniya accounts for 50.2% of the district's total population.
Born of Irish, Scottish and Pennsylvania Dutch descent, Don Frye began wrestling at Buena High School in Sierra Vista, Arizona then in college for Arizona State University in 1984, where he was trained by fellow future Ultimate Fighting Championship legend, then assistant wrestling coach, Dan Severn. In 1987, he won the freestyle and Greco-Roman events during an Olympic qualifier. A year later, he transferred to Oklahoma State University–Stillwater, where he encountered another future UFC star amongst his teammates: Randy Couture.
Aaron Spelling (April 22, 1923 – June 23, 2006) was an American film and television producer. Some of his works include the TV programs Charlie's Angels (1976–81), The Love Boat (1977–86), Hart to Hart (1979–84), Dynasty (1981–89), Beverly Hills, 90210 (1990–2000), 7th Heaven (1996–2007), and Charmed (1998–2006). He also served as producer of Mod Squad (1968-1973), The Rookies (1972-1976), and Sunset Beach (1997-1999).
Physics of the Future: How Science Will Shape Human Destiny and Our Daily Lives by the Year 2100 is a 2011 book by theoretical physicist Michio Kaku, author of "Hyperspace" and "Physics of the Impossible". In it Kaku speculates about possible future technological development over the next 100 years. He interviews notable scientists about their fields of research and lays out his vision of coming developments in medicine, computing, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology, and energy production. The book was on the New York Times Bestseller List for five weeks.
President Franklin D. Roosevelt promoted a "good neighbor" policy that sought better relations with Mexico. In 1935 a federal judge ruled that three Mexican immigrants were ineligible for citizenship because they were not white, as required by federal law. Mexico protested, and Roosevelt decided to circumvent the decision and make sure the federal government treated Hispanics as white. The State Department, the Census Bureau, the Labor Department, and other government agencies therefore made sure to uniformly classify people of Mexican descent as white. This policy encouraged the League of United Latin American Citizens in its quest to minimize discrimination by asserting their whiteness.
Where Dead Voices Gather is a book by Nick Tosches. It is, in part, a biography of Emmett Miller, one of the last minstrel singers. Just as importantly, it depicts Tosches' search for information about Miller, about whom he initially wrote in his book "Country: The Twisted Roots of Rock and Roll". It is also a study of minstrelsy and its connection to American folk music, country music, the blues and ultimately, rock and roll. In that way, it is a companion volume to his other books of music journalism, "Country" and "Unsung Heroes of Rock N' Roll".
Andronikos V Palaiologos was the only known son of Emperor John VII Palaiologos and Irene Gattilusio, daughter of Francesco II Gattilusio. At the time of his birth John VII was Regent of the Byzantine Empire for his uncle Manuel II Palaiologos. At an unknown date, probably after his father settled in Thessalonica, Andronikos V was proclaimed nominal co-emperor, probably by 1403/1404. He predeceased his father, dying probably in 1407 and with that ended the furthest line of descent of Byzantine (co-)emperors possible from his dynasty's founder, Michael VIII.
He is the younger brother of film director Spike Lee, and has done the still photography for all of his older brother's feature films with the exception of "Get on the Bus" and "He Got Game". Other films he has done still photography for include "The Preacher's Wife", "The Best Man", "Pollock", "Made", "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind", "American Gangster" and the television series "The Wire".
Land's End to John o 'Groats is the traversal of the whole length of the island of Great Britain between two extremities, in the southwest and northeast. The traditional distance by road is 874 miles (1,407 km) and takes most cyclists 10 to 14 days; the record for running the route is nine days. Off - road walkers typically walk about 1,200 miles (1,900 km) and take two or three months for the expedition. Two much - photographed signposts indicate the traditional distance at each end.
The Stade Amédée-Domenech is a multi-purpose stadium in Brive-la-Gaillarde, France. It is currently used mostly for rugby union matches and is the home stadium of CA Brive. The stadium is able to hold 16,000. Its official name was the Stadium until 2004, but it was called Stade Amedee-Domenech after the French international rugby player Amédée Domenech died in 2003.
Paula Santiago (born 1969 in Guadalajara) is a Mexican mixed media artist whose works have been displayed at the Monterrey Museum of Modern Art and several galleries in Europe and North America. Most of her work stands out by being made with her own blood and hair.
Pete Townshend Live BAM 1993 is a live recording by Pete Townshend. The music was recorded at the Brooklyn Academy of Music, Brooklyn, N.Y., on 7 August 1993 and a double CD released 11 August 2003 by UK company Eel Pie Recording Productions Ltd. The concert took place during Townshend's "Psychoderelict" tour and the CD features the entire "Psychoderlict" performance as well as selections from Townshend's catalogue.
College comparison Clemson University University of South Carolina Location Clemson Columbia Students 23,406 34,618 School colors Clemson Orange and Regalia Garnet and Black Nickname Tigers Gamecocks Mascot The Tiger and The Tiger Cub Cocky National Championships 5 10
Vance Criswell McCormick (June 19, 1872 – June 16, 1946) was an American politician and prominent businessman from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. He served as mayor of Harrisburg from 1902 to 1905 and as United States Democratic National Committee chairman from 1916 to 1919. He was appointed chair of the American delegation at the Treaty of Versailles in 1919, under President Woodrow Wilson.
The Clara database is a database named after Clara Peeters that is operated by the National Museum of Women in the Arts. It contains biographical information on 18,000 women visual artists of all time periods and nationalities. The information was drawn primarily from materials in NMWA's own archives, but various portraits used to document the entries were obtained from other libraries in the NMWA's network. The database was updated between 2008 and 2012 and the museum has plans to incorporate it into their main website.
Charles Peckham Day (born February 9, 1976) is an American actor, screenwriter, producer, comedian, and musician. He is best known for playing Charlie Kelly on It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. On film, he is known for his role as Dale in the films Horrible Bosses (2011) and its 2014 sequel, as well as for his roles in Monsters University (2013), Pacific Rim (2013), The Lego Movie (2014) and Fist Fight (2017).
On the continent of Europe, Anno Domini was introduced as the era of choice of the Carolingian Renaissance by the English cleric and scholar Alcuin in the late eighth century. Its endorsement by Emperor Charlemagne and his successors popularizing the use of the epoch and spreading it throughout the Carolingian Empire ultimately lies at the core of the system's prevalence. According to the Catholic Encyclopedia, popes continued to date documents according to regnal years for some time, but usage of AD gradually became more common in Roman Catholic countries from the 11th to the 14th centuries. In 1422, Portugal became the last Western European country to switch to the system begun by Dionysius. Eastern Orthodox countries only began to adopt AD instead of the Byzantine calendar in 1700 when Russia did so, with others adopting it in the 19th and 20th centuries.
Joseph Severn (7 December 1793 – 3 August 1879) was an English portrait and subject painter and a personal friend of the famous English poet John Keats. He exhibited portraits, Italian genre, literary and biblical subjects, and a selection of his paintings can today be found in some of the most important museums in London, including the National Portrait Gallery, the Victoria and Albert Museum and Tate Britain.
Edward Wesley Schulmerich (August 21, 1901 – June 26, 1985) was an American Major League Baseball player from the state of Oregon. A native of the state, he played baseball and football at what is now Oregon State University where he participated in three sports. On the football team, he played three positions and earned the nickname of Ironhorse and all-conference honors. In baseball, he was a right-handed outfielder and after leaving school started his professional career in the minor leagues. Schulmerich then became the first player from the school to make it to the Major Leagues, playing for three teams in the early 1930s. He is a member of the Oregon State University Sports Hall of Fame and the Oregon Sports Hall of Fame.
Charles Lamy (28 August 1857 – 15 June 1940) was a French actor. He was often cast to play aristocratic characters.
Snapper Foster is a fictional character on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless. An original character since the show's inception, the role was played by William Gray Espy from March 26, 1973 to July 1975, and David Hasselhoff from 1975 to May 1982. Espy briefly reprised the character from February 28, 2003 to March 5, 2003, and Hasselhoff briefly reprised the role from June 15 -- 21, 2010.
Refugio is a station on line 1 of the Guadalajara light rail system in the Guadalajara Metropolitan Area, Mexico. The station is located just north of the Parish Church of Our Lady of Refuge (La Parroquia de Nuestra Señora del Refugio) on Del Federalismo between Joaquín Angulo and Herrera y Cairo streets in the city centre.
Contrary to popular belief, if placed properly and prepared-for, drums could be effectively used and heard on even the earliest jazz and military band recordings. The loudest instruments such as the drums and trumpets were positioned the farthest away from the collecting horn. Lillian Hardin Armstrong, a member of King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band, which recorded at Gennett Records in 1923, remembered that at first Oliver and his young second trumpet, Louis Armstrong, stood next to each other and Oliver's horn could not be heard. "They put Louis about fifteen feet over in the corner, looking all sad." For fading instrumental parts in and out while recording, some performers were placed on a moveable platform, which could draw the performer(s) nearer or further away as required.[citation needed]
Egypt also hosts an unknown number of refugees and asylum seekers, estimated to be between 500,000 and 3 million. There are some 70,000 Palestinian refugees, and about 150,000 recently arrived Iraqi refugees, but the number of the largest group, the Sudanese, is contested.[nb 1] The once-vibrant and ancient Greek and Jewish communities in Egypt have almost disappeared, with only a small number remaining in the country, but many Egyptian Jews visit on religious or other occasions and tourism. Several important Jewish archaeological and historical sites are found in Cairo, Alexandria and other cities.
Bath Stone has been used extensively as a building material throughout southern England, for churches, houses, and public buildings such as railway stations.
Lambeau Field is an outdoor athletic stadium in the north central United States, located in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The home field of the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL), it opened in 1957 as City Stadium, replacing the original City Stadium at East High School as the Packers' home field. Informally known as New City Stadium for its first eight seasons, it was renamed in August 1965 in memory of Packers founder, player, and long-time head coach, Curly Lambeau, who had died two months earlier.
Parched is a 2015 Indian drama film written and directed by Leena Yadav and produced by Ajay Devgan under his banner Ajay Devgn FFilms. It premiered at the Special Presentations section of the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival. In India, the film released on 23 September 2016.
Stanley Walter Pawloski (born September 6, 1931 in Wanamie, Pennsylvania) is an American former Major League Baseball second baseman who played in two games for the Cleveland Indians during the 1955 season. Pawloski threw and batted right-handed, stood tall and weighed .
Missouri Western State University was founded in 1915 as a two-year institution called St. Joseph Junior College and held courses in the original location of Central High School at 13th and Patee. In 1933 when Central High School moved to its current location the junior college relocated to the Robidoux Polytechnic High School building at 10th Street between Edmond and Charles. In 1917 it adopted the Griffon as its mascot.
Carlos Antonio Huerta (born June 29, 1969) is an American former professional football player who was a placekicker in three different professional leagues. He played college football for the Miami Hurricanes, and was recognized as an All-American. Drafted in the twelfth round of the 1992 NFL Draft, he played in the National Football League (NFL), Canadian Football League (CFL) and Arena Football League.
The New Testament part of the Christian Bible was originally written in Koine Greek, as most of the Church and scholars believe, and is therefore not a translation (notwithstanding that some reference material may have been from Aramaic). However, like other living languages, the Greek language has developed over time. Therefore, various translations have been completed over the centuries to make it easier for Greek speakers to understand Holy Scripture. Translations of the Old Testament, which is the other part of the Christian Bible, have been completed for similar reasons.
The Orkestra Rumpilezz is an orchestra of percussion and brass created in 2006 by Letieres Leite. The group's first album won the Bravo! Award for Best Popular Album of the Year 2010 and the Brazilian Music Award in the categories Best New Artist and Best Instrumental Group.
Magic is the seventh studio album by American rock band Smash Mouth, released on September 4, 2012 through 429 Records. It is their first album in six years since the release of "Summer Girl" in 2006. It is also the first album without original guitarist and primary songwriter Greg Camp since his departure from the band.
Davis was born in Fairview, Kentucky, to a moderately prosperous farmer, the youngest of ten children. He grew up in Wilkinson County, Mississippi, and also lived in Louisiana. His eldest brother Joseph Emory Davis secured the younger Davis's appointment to the United States Military Academy. After graduating, Jefferson Davis served six years as a lieutenant in the United States Army. He fought in the Mexican–American War (1846–1848), as the colonel of a volunteer regiment. Before the American Civil War, he operated a large cotton plantation in Mississippi, which his brother Joseph gave him, and owned as many as 113 slaves. Although Davis argued against secession in 1858, he believed that states had an unquestionable right to leave the Union.
HIV/AIDS rate in Nigeria is much lower compared to the other African nations such as Kenya or South Africa whose prevalence (percentage) rates are in the double digits. As of 2012[update], the HIV prevalence rate among adults ages 15–49 was just 3.1 percent. As of 2014[update], Life expectancy in Nigeria is 52.62 years on average according to CIA, and just over half the population have access to potable water and appropriate sanitation; As of 2010[update], the Infant mortality is 8.4 deaths per 1000 live births.
Other states with long histories of no death penalty include Wisconsin (the only state with only one execution), Rhode Island (although later reintroduced, it was unused and abolished again), Maine, North Dakota, Minnesota, West Virginia, Iowa, and Vermont. The District of Columbia has also abolished the death penalty; it was last used in 1957. Oregon abolished the death penalty through an overwhelming majority in a 1964 public referendum but reinstated it in a 1984 joint death penalty/life imprisonment referendum by an even higher margin after a similar 1978 referendum succeeded but was not implemented due to judicial rulings.
In the far eastern part of the state the Chihuahuan Desert dominates due to low precipitation and extremely high temperatures; some areas of the eastern part of the state are so dry no vegetation is found like the Sand Dunes of Samalayuca. There are two distinctive climate zones found in the eastern part of the state: Hot Desert (BWh) and Cool Desert (BWk) which are differentiated by average annual temperature due to differences in elevation. There is a transition zone in the middle of the state between the two extremely different climates from the east and west; this zone is the Steppe characterized by a compromise between juxtaposed climate zones.
Stone Lake is a town in Washburn County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 544 at the 2000 census. The census-designated place of Stone Lake is located partially in the town.
Punk'd is an American hidden camera–practical joke reality television program that first aired on MTV in 2003. It was created by Ashton Kutcher and Jason Goldberg, with Kutcher serving as producer and host. It bears a resemblance to both the classic hidden camera show "Candid Camera" and to "TV's Bloopers & Practical Jokes", which also featured pranks on celebrities. Being "punk'd" referred to being the victim of such a prank. New episodes hosted by King Bach and DeStorm Power aired on BET.
He was released by the Indians following the 1986 season. After a brief tour in the Minnesota Twins organization, Wilson signed as a free agent with the Seattle Mariners on March 1, 1988, playing five games for them in the 1989 season.
Agni Air Flight 101 was a regional flight operated by Agni Air between Kathmandu, Nepal, and Lukla, Nepal, that crashed on 24 August 2010, killing all 14 people on board. Twenty minutes after take-off from Kathmandu, the flight crew had reported technical issues with the aircraft, and requested a return to the airport; they were, however, diverted to a different airport. Five minutes after this transmission contact with the aircraft was lost; the aircraft was found crashed south of Kathmandu.
Elizabeth's only sibling, Princess Margaret, was born in 1930. The two princesses were educated at home under the supervision of their mother and their governess, Marion Crawford. Lessons concentrated on history, language, literature and music. Crawford published a biography of Elizabeth and Margaret's childhood years entitled The Little Princesses in 1950, much to the dismay of the royal family. The book describes Elizabeth's love of horses and dogs, her orderliness, and her attitude of responsibility. Others echoed such observations: Winston Churchill described Elizabeth when she was two as "a character. She has an air of authority and reflectiveness astonishing in an infant." Her cousin Margaret Rhodes described her as "a jolly little girl, but fundamentally sensible and well-behaved".
Anita Carey (born 16 April 1948) is an English actress, best known for playing Joyce Smedley in "Coronation Street" and more recently for playing Vivien March in "Doctors". Carey has had starring roles in British television dramas since the 1970s.
"Let the Jukebox Keep On Playing" is a 1955 country song written by Carl Perkins. It was released on October 22, 1955 by Sun Records as a 78 and 45 single, 224, b/w "Gone, Gone, Gone". The song was a follow-up to "Turn Around", released on Flip.
Nickelsville is a town in Scott County, Virginia, United States. The population was 383 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.
Because of its neutrality, Yugoslavia would often be rare among Communist countries to have diplomatic relations with right-wing, anti-Communist governments. For example, Yugoslavia was the only communist country allowed to have an embassy in Alfredo Stroessner's Paraguay. One notable exception to Yugoslavia's neutral stance toward anti-communist countries was Chile under Pinochet; Yugoslavia was one of many countries which severed diplomatic relations with Chile after Salvador Allende was overthrown. Yugoslavia also provided military aid and arms supplies to staunchly anti-Communist regimes such as that of Guatemala under Kjell Eugenio Laugerud García.
In 1997, MLB retired his uniform number 42 across all major league teams; he was the first pro athlete in any sport to be so honored. MLB also adopted a new annual tradition, ``Jackie Robinson Day '', for the first time on April 15, 2004, on which every player on every team wears No. 42.
The males mate with all available females whose territory overlaps with theirs. Copulation takes place hanging onto a branch. Gestation lasts 130 days and births are of a single offspring. The juvenile clasps itself first to the belly of the mother and later she may park her offspring on a branch while she goes searching for food. Within three to four months the young are weaned, at about six months it leaves its mother, and at an age of eight to ten months it becomes fully mature. The life expectancy of angwantibos is at most 13 years.
Country Population 2014 / 2015 Speakers Notes (native) (second) Germany 81,083,600 74,430,000 (91.8%) 5,600,000 (6.9%) Sole nationwide official language Belgium 11,245,629 73,000 (0.6%) 2,472,746 (22%) De jure nationwide co-official language (majority language only in German speaking community) Austria 8,602,112 7,999,964 (93%) 516,000 (6%) De jure sole nationwide official language Switzerland 8,256,000 5,329,393 (64.6%) 395,000 (5%) Co-official language at federal level; de jure sole official language in 17, co-official in 4 cantons (out of 26) Luxembourg 562,958 11,000 (2%) 380,000 (67.5%) De jure nationwide co-official language Liechtenstein 37,370 32,075 (85.8%) 5,200 (13.9%) De jure sole nationwide official language Total 109,787,669 87,875,432 9,368,946 Total speakers: 97,244,378
Fletcher Allen (July 25, 1905 – August 5, 1995) was an American jazz saxophonist, clarinetist and composer. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. His composition "Viper's Dream" has become a jazz staple.
On 5 July 2004, the BBC celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of its television news bulletins (although it had produced the Television Newsreel for several years before 1954). This event was marked by the release of a DVD, which showed highlights of the BBC's television coverage of significant events over the half-century, as well as changes in the format of the BBC television news; from the newsreel format of the first BBC Television News bulletins, to the 24-hour, worldwide news coverage available in 2004. A special edition of Radio Times was also produced, as well as a special section of the BBC News Online website. In 2005 the pioneering BBC television series Little Angels won a BAFTA award. Little Angels was the first reality parenting show and its most famous episode saw Welsh actress Jynine James try to cope with the tantrums of her six-year-old son.
In 1925 the Kara-Kirghiz Autonomous Oblast was established in Russian Turkestan, promoting Pishpek to its capital. In 1926 the Communist Party of the Soviet Union renamed the city as "Frunze", after the Bolshevik military leader Mikhail Frunze (1885–1925), who was born there. In 1936, the city of Frunze became the capital of the Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic, during the final stages of the national delimitation in the Soviet Union.
The South Fork Salmon River is an tributary of the Salmon River in Idaho and Valley Counties in central Idaho. The river drains a rugged, lightly populated wilderness watershed in the Salmon River Mountains. It is the second-largest tributary of the Salmon River, after the Middle Fork.
Ami'oz () is a moshav in southern Israel. Located in the Hevel Eshkol area of the north-western Negev desert near the border with the Gaza Strip, it falls under the jurisdiction of Eshkol Regional Council. In it had a population of .
The Hague City Hall is the city hall of The Hague, Netherlands. It was designed in 1986 by American architect Richard Meier and completed in 1995. It is located in the new city centre, and incorporates the council chamber, the main public library, as well as cafés, exhibition spaces, and a wedding room. At its centre is a large atrium, flanked by two large slab buildings 10- and 12-storey tall. The library is located at the northwestern end of the building complex in a semicircular building.
The Connecticut State Senate is the upper house of the Connecticut General Assembly, the state legislature of the US state of Connecticut. The state senate comprises 36 members, each representing a district with around 99,280 inhabitants. Senators are elected to two-year terms without term limits. The Connecticut State Senate is one of 14 state legislative upper houses whose members serve two-year terms; four-year terms are more common.
A canal between Bamberg and Nuremberg started operation in 1843. There was a port at Poppenreuth. A new canal with a port in Fürth, the Rhine-Main-Danube Canal, was completed in 1992, creating a navigable connection from the Rhine delta in Rotterdam to the Danube Delta on the Black Sea.
The history of New Zealand dates back at least 700 years to when it was discovered and settled by Polynesians, who developed a distinct Māori culture centred on kinship links and land. The first European explorer to sight New Zealand was Dutch navigator Abel Tasman on 13 December 1642. The Dutch were also the first non-natives to explore and chart New Zealand's coastline. Captain James Cook, who reached New Zealand in October 1769 on the first of his three voyages, was the first European explorer to circumnavigate and map New Zealand. From the late 18th century, the country was regularly visited by explorers and other sailors, missionaries, traders and adventurers. In 1840 the Treaty of Waitangi was signed between the British Crown and various Māori chiefs, bringing New Zealand into the British Empire and giving Māori the same rights as British subjects. There was extensive British settlement throughout the rest of the century and into the early part of the next century. War and the imposition of a European economic and legal system led to most of New Zealand's land passing from Māori to Pākehā (European) ownership, and most Māori subsequently became impoverished.
There are two types of political parties in India - National Party and Regional / State party. Every political party must bear a symbol and must be registered with the Election Commission of India. Symbols are used in Indian political system as an identity of political parties and so that illiterate people can also vote by recognizing symbols of party.
1. Personally attend to any Secretaría de Relaciones Exteriores (SRE) delegation or SRE affiliated office, with an appointment. 2. Fill with black ink, and by hand and in print the application for an ordinary passport book (Form OP - 5). The application can be obtained for free at any of the branches of the SRE or the Office of State or Municipal Liaison SRE. 3. Proof of Mexican nationality by presenting an original and a photocopy of any of the following documents: a) Certified copy of birth certificate issued by the Mexican civil registry office. Birth registration should not be time - barred (must have occurred within the first three years of life), if exceeded temporality, see section ``Additional Documentation for birth certificates with untimely registration ''; b) Certified copy of birth certificate issued by a consular office abroad *. c) Certificate * Copy of Mexican nationality; d) Declaration of Mexican nationality by birth *; e) Naturalization Certificate *, and f) Certificate of Citizenship Identity issued by the Secretary of the Interior
Roger Nordlund (born November 19, 1957) is a politician in the Åland Islands, an autonomous and unilingually Swedish territory of Finland. Nordlund is a member of the Åland Centre party and is currently serving as Deputy Premier Government of Åland and Minister of Finance.
Helen Eugenia Hagan (10 January 1891 – 6 March 1964) was an American pianist, music educator and composer of African descent.
It was framed by Lord Wellesley, British Governor - General in India from 1798 to 1805. Early in his governorship, Wellesley adopted a policy of non-intervention in the princely states, but he later adopted the policy of forming subsidiary alliances, which played a major role in the expansion of British rule in India.
``Angel ''Single by Sarah McLachlan from the album Surfacing and City of Angels Released November 24, 1998 (1998 - 11 - 24) Format CD single Genre Pop Length 4: 30 (album version) 4: 00 (radio edit) Label Nettwerk (Canada) Arista (US) Warner Bros. (US) Songwriter (s) Sarah McLachlan Producer (s) Pierre Marchand Sarah McLachlan singles chronology`` Adia'' (1998) ``Angel ''(1998)`` I Will Remember You'' (1999) ``Adia ''(1998)`` Angel'' (1998) ``I Will Remember You ''(live) (1999) Audio sample file help
Beara GAA is a division of Cork GAA, and is responsible for organizing Gaelic Athletic Association games in the Beara Peninsula in County Cork, Ireland. It is one of eight divisions of Cork County Board. It organizes competitions for the clubs within the division, from Under 12 up to the adult level. The winners of these competitions compete against other divisional champions to determine which club is the county champion. Currently, the following clubs are part of the Beara division - Castletownbere, Adrigole, Urhan, Garnish, Bere Island and Glengarriff. It has no senior football team so the only representative in the Cork Senior Football Championship is the divisional team. The division also competes in the Cork Minor Football Championship and the Cork Under-21 Football Championship. Beara is a Gaelic football stronghold, with very little hurling played, and no competitions organized.
In 2011, the Oregon Legislature approved House Bill 2634, legislation making the Citizens' Initiative Review a permanent part of Oregon elections. This marked the first time a legislature has made voter deliberation a formalized part of the election process. The CIR is a benchmark in the initiative reform and public engagement fields.
William Alfred (August 16, 1922 – May 20, 1999) was a playwright and Professor of English literature at Harvard University. He was born in Brooklyn, New York, and served in the Army tank corps and quartermaster's corps in World War II. He received a B.A. from Brooklyn College in 1948, and received an M.A. in English from Harvard in 1949. He earned his Ph.D. at Harvard in 1954. He began teaching at Harvard that same year and was appointed full professor in 1963, and in 1980 named Abbott Lawrence Lowell Professor of the Humanities. He retired in 1991.
Red Dead Redemption 2 is a Western - themed action - adventure game set in an open world environment. It is played from either a third or first - person perspective and the player controls Arthur Morgan, an outlaw and a member of the Van der Linde gang. The game features both single - player and online multiplayer components.
Mexico Beach is a city in Bay County, Florida, United States. It is located southeast of Panama City. The population was 1,072 at the 2010 census. The community was extensively damaged by Hurricane Michael on October 10, 2018. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) declared the community "wiped out" in the aftermath of the hurricane's devastating impact.
"Shake 'Em On Down" is a Delta blues song by American musician Bukka White. He recorded it in Chicago in 1937 around the beginning of his incarceration at the infamous Parchman Prison Farm in Mississippi.
The 1916 New York Giants hold the record for the longest unbeaten streak in MLB history at 26 wins. The second - longest winning streak is 22 by the 2017 Cleveland Indians, which is still ongoing and the American League record. The Chicago Cubs franchise has won 21 games twice, once in 1880 when they were the Chicago White Stockings and once in 1935.
GE's history of working with turbines in the power-generation field gave them the engineering know-how to move into the new field of aircraft turbosuperchargers.[citation needed] Led by Sanford Alexander Moss, GE introduced the first superchargers during World War I, and continued to develop them during the Interwar period. Superchargers became indispensable in the years immediately prior to World War II, and GE was the world leader in exhaust-driven supercharging when the war started. This experience, in turn, made GE a natural selection to develop the Whittle W.1 jet engine that was demonstrated in the United States in 1941. GE ranked ninth among United States corporations in the value of wartime production contracts. Although their early work with Whittle's designs was later handed to Allison Engine Company, GE Aviation emerged as one of the world's largest engine manufacturers, second only to the British company, Rolls-Royce plc.
His character serves as the intelligent, mild - mannered straight man role to Michael, although it is also defined by a rivalrous pranking on fellow salesman Dwight Schrute and a romantic interest in receptionist Pam Beesly, whom he begins dating in the fourth season, marries in the sixth, and has children with in the sixth and eighth.
Founded by Adam Weishaupt in Bavaria in 1776, the Illuminati have been referred to in popular culture, in books and comics, television and movies, and games. A number of novelists, playwrights and composers are alleged to have been Illuminati members and to have reflected this in their work. Early conspiracy theories surrounding the Illuminati have inspired various creative works, and continue to do so.
Savannah (/ səˈvænə /) is the oldest city in the U.S. state of Georgia and is the county seat of Chatham County. Established in 1733 on the Savannah River, the city of Savannah became the British colonial capital of the Province of Georgia and later the first state capital of Georgia. A strategic port city in the American Revolution and during the American Civil War, Savannah is today an industrial center and an important Atlantic seaport. It is Georgia's fifth - largest city and third - largest metropolitan area.
The Old Barracks Museum, also known as Old Barracks, in Trenton, Mercer County, New Jersey, United States, is the only remaining colonial barracks in New Jersey. It is the last of five such barracks authorized by the colonial legislature in 1758 to house soldiers in the French and Indian War. It housed about 300 soldiers at a time. During the American Revolution, George Washington crossed the Delaware River to catch the Hessian garrison in Trenton by surprise. Following the American Revolution, the Trenton Barracks were used as a military hospital specializing in smallpox inoculations.
The 92 KQRS Morning Show (also known as the KQ Morning Crew) is a popular, long-running radio morning show originating from KQRS-FM in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It is currently hosted by Tom Barnard, and features several other regular personalities. It is also one of the highest-rated local morning shows in America.
Christopher Knights is an English voice actor, film editor and camera operator best known for providing the voice of Private the Penguin in Madagascar. He worked on several DreamWorks films Shrek, Shrek 2, Shrek the Third and Shrek 4 - D. He started his filming career at Amblimation studios and worked on We're Back! A Dinosaur's Story and Balto. When he joined DreamWorks he not only started his editing career but also his acting career. He worked on the Shrek series as an associate editor and voice of the Three Blind Mice and Thelonious, Lord Farquad's Henchman. He worked many times with another English cameraman and voice actor, Simon J. Smith.
It is estimated that in the 11th century Ashkenazi Jews composed only three percent of the world's Jewish population, while at their peak in 1931 they accounted for 92 percent of the world's Jews. Immediately prior to the Holocaust, the number of Jews in the world stood at approximately 16.7 million. Statistical figures vary for the contemporary demography of Ashkenazi Jews, oscillating between 10 million and 11.2 million. Sergio DellaPergola in a rough calculation of Sephardic and Mizrahi Jews, implies that Ashkenazi make up less than 74% of Jews worldwide. Other estimates place Ashkenazi Jews as making up about 75% of Jews worldwide.
Johannes Gutenberg, a goldsmith by profession, developed, circa 1439, a printing system by adapting existing technologies to printing purposes, as well as making inventions of his own. Printing in East Asia had been prevalent since the Tang dynasty, and in Europe, woodblock printing based on existing screw presses was common by the 14th century. Gutenberg's most important innovation was the development of hand - molded metal printing matrices, thus producing a movable type based printing press system. His newly devised hand mould made possible the precise and rapid creation of metal movable type in large quantities. Movable type had been hitherto unknown in Europe. In Europe, the two inventions, the hand mould and the printing press, together drastically reduced the cost of printing books and other documents, particularly in short print runs.
One of the first recorded instances of translation in the West was the rendering of the Old Testament into Greek in the 3rd century BCE. The translation is known as the "Septuagint", a name that refers to the seventy translators (seventy-two, in some versions) who were commissioned to translate the Bible at Alexandria, Egypt. Each translator worked in solitary confinement in his own cell, and according to legend all seventy versions proved identical. The Septuagint became the source text for later translations into many languages, including Latin, Coptic, Armenian and Georgian.
With over 90 million inhabitants, Egypt is the most populous country in North Africa and the Arab World, the third-most populous in Africa (after Nigeria and Ethiopia), and the fifteenth-most populous in the world. The great majority of its people live near the banks of the Nile River, an area of about 40,000 square kilometres (15,000 sq mi), where the only arable land is found. The large regions of the Sahara desert, which constitute most of Egypt's territory, are sparsely inhabited. About half of Egypt's residents live in urban areas, with most spread across the densely populated centres of greater Cairo, Alexandria and other major cities in the Nile Delta.
The name change to Cabbage Patch Kids was made in 1982 when Xavier's company, Original Appalachian Artworks, began to license a smaller version of the handmade creations to a toy manufacturer named Coleco. An abbreviated version of the discovery legend was reproduced on every Cabbage Patch Kids product from 1983 onward. Parker Brothers published the original story retitled ``Xavier's Fantastic Discovery ''in 1984 and two Albums that went Gold. The characters appeared in many other Cabbage Patch merchandising products ranging from animated cartoons to board games:
Upon his election to the papacy, Montini took the pontifical name Paul VI (the first to take the name "Paul" since 1605) to indicate a renewed worldwide mission to spread the message of Christ, following the example of Apostle St. Paul.[citation needed] He re-convened the Second Vatican Council, which was automatically closed with the death of John XXIII, and gave it priority and direction. After the council had concluded its work, Paul VI took charge of the interpretation and implementation of its mandates, often walking a thin line between the conflicting expectations of various groups within Catholicism. The magnitude and depth of the reforms affecting all fields of Church life during his pontificate exceeded similar reform policies of his predecessors and successors. Paul VI was a Marian devotee, speaking repeatedly to Marian congresses and mariological meetings, visiting Marian shrines and issuing three Marian encyclicals. Following his famous predecessor Saint Ambrose of Milan, he named Mary as the Mother of the Church during the Second Vatican Council. Paul VI sought dialogue with the world, with other Christians, other religions, and atheists, excluding nobody. He saw himself as a humble servant for a suffering humanity and demanded significant changes of the rich in North America and Europe in favour of the poor in the Third World. His positions on birth control, promulgated most famously in the 1968 encyclical Humanae vitae, and other political issues, were often controversial, especially in Western Europe and North America.
Sogndalsfjorden is a fjord in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. The long fjord begins at the mouth of the river Arøyelvi, which flows out of the lake Hafslovatnet. It then flows to the southwest before emptying into the large Sognefjorden at its mouth between the villages of Nornes and Fimreite.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a 2005 musical fantasy comedy film directed by Tim Burton and written by John August, based on the 1964 British novel of the same name by Roald Dahl. The film stars Johnny Depp as Willy Wonka and Freddie Highmore as Charlie Bucket. The storyline follows Charlie, who wins a contest and is along with four other contest winners, subsequently led by Wonka on a tour of his chocolate factory, the most magnificent in the world.
"Light Sings" is a song written by Will Holt and Gary William Friedman and performed by The 5th Dimension. It reached #12 on the U.S. adult contemporary chart, #15 on the Canadian adult contemporary chart, #22 on the Canadian pop chart, and #44 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1971. It was featured on their 1971 album, "Love's Lines, Angles and Rhymes".
Several political parties exist in Japan, however, the politics of Japan have primarily been dominated by the LDP since 1955, with the DPJ playing an important role as opposition several times. LDP was a ruling party during decades since 1955. Despite of existence of multiple parties, other parties were completely ignored. Most of the prime ministers were elected from inner factions of LDP.
Universal owned the rights to the "Oswald the Lucky Rabbit" character, although Walt Disney and Ub Iwerks had created Oswald, and their films had enjoyed a successful theatrical run. After Charles Mintz had unsuccessfully demanded that Disney accept a lower fee for producing the property, Mintz produced the films with his own group of animators. Instead, Disney and Iwerks created Mickey Mouse who in 1928 stared in the first "sync" sound animated short, Steamboat Willie. This moment effectively launched Walt Disney Studios' foothold, while Universal became a minor player in film animation. Universal subsequently severed its link to Mintz and formed its own in-house animation studio to produce Oswald cartoons headed by Walter Lantz.
``What a Beautiful Name ''is a song by Australian praise and worship group Hillsong Worship. It was released on 6 January 2017, as the lead single from their 25th live album, Let There Be Light (2016). The song was led and written by Brooke Ligertwood, and was co-written with Ben Fielding.
Dhanushkodi Tirtham is one of the Tirthas in the island of Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu, India. This is located beside the ghost town of Dhanushkodi at the easternmost tip of Rameswaram Island. Rama used his bow's (Dhanush) end (Kodi) to break the bridge - Adam's Bridge (hence the name). This bridge was used for his army to cross over to Lanka for the victorious war against Ravana.
Full - time employment is employment in which a person works a minimum number of hours defined as such by his / her employer. Full - time employment often comes with benefits that are not typically offered to part - time, temporary, or flexible workers, such as annual leave, sickleave, and health insurance. Part - time jobs are mistakenly thought by some to not be careers. However, legislation exists to stop employers from discriminating against part - time workers so this should not be a factor when making decisions on career advancement. They generally pay more than part - time jobs per hour, and this is similarly discriminatory if the pay decision is based on part - time status as a primary factor. The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) does not define full - time employment or part - time employment. This is a matter generally to be determined by the employer (US Department of Labor). The definition by employer can vary and is generally published in a company's Employee Handbook. Companies commonly require from 35 to 40 hours per week to be defined as full - time and therefore eligible for benefits.
Mike Bryan played for Stanford University in 1997 and 1998, where he helped the Cardinal win back-to-back NCAA team championships. In 1998, he won the NCAA doubles title with his twin brother Bob.
Graham Oberlin-Brown (born 8 February 1988) is a New Zealand rower. In 2006 (aged 18) along with Peter Taylor he became the Under 23 World Champion in the men's lightweight double sculls, and in doing so set a new world under 23 best time. In 2008 Oberlin-Brown won his second Under 23 World Championship in the men's lightweight single (aged 20). At the 2010 World Rowing Championships, he won a silver medal in the lightweight men's pair partnering with James Lassche. Oberlin-Brown represented New Zealand in rowing from 2006 to 2012.
Prandocin-Iły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słomniki, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north of Słomniki and north-east of the regional capital Kraków.
Pillars of Eternity II: Deadfire Developer (s) Obsidian Entertainment Publisher (s) Versus Evil Director (s) Josh Sawyer Designer (s) Bobby Null Programmer (s) Adam Brennecke Artist (s) Kaz Aruga Writer (s) Carrie Patel Josh Sawyer Composer (s) Justin E. Bell Engine Unity Platform (s) Microsoft Windows Linux macOS Nintendo Switch PlayStation 4 Xbox One Release Windows, Linux, macOS May 8, 2018 Switch, PS4, Xbox One Q4 2018 Genre (s) Role - playing Mode (s) Single - player
Franklin District was a New Zealand territorial authority that lay between the Auckland metropolitan area and the Waikato Plains. As a formal territory it was abolished on 31 October 2010 and divided between Auckland Council in the Auckland Region (39.82 percent by land area) to the north and Waikato and Hauraki districts in the Waikato Region (60.18 percent) to the south and east. The Auckland portion is now part of the Franklin ward, which also includes rural parts of the former Manukau City.
Rebelle Records AB is a record label founded by Björn Afzelius in 1988. The name is a convergence of his two daughters' names "Rebecca" and "Isabelle". The company, which holds the rights to all of Afzelius music is now located in Snekkersten, Denmark.
PizzaExpress was floated on the London Stock Exchange in 1993 with franchises opening across the UK. UK franchises were then bought back en masse in 1996. TDR Capital and Capricorn Associates then bought the company in 2003 turning it private again. In 2005, PizzaExpress floated on the London Stock Exchange, as part of the Gondola Holdings PLC. It was then bought by private equity group Cinven as the Gondola Group in 2007. On 12 July 2014 it was announced that Chinese group Hony Capital had bought PizzaExpress for £900m.
The Werra viaducts near Hedemünden, Germany are two bridges crossing the valley of the river Werra. They are located in southern Lower Saxony and provide crossings for the A 7 motorway and the Hanover-Würzburg high-speed rail line. The bridges are located 33 metres apart from each other.
Heliocentrism is the astronomical model in which the Earth and planets revolve around the Sun at the center of the Solar System. Historically, Heliocentrism was opposed to geocentrism, which placed the Earth at the center. The notion that the Earth revolves around the Sun had been proposed as early as the 3rd century BC by Aristarchus of Samos, but at least in the medieval world, Aristarchus's Heliocentrism attracted little attention -- possibly because of the loss of scientific works of the Hellenistic Era.
Permission to Fly is the second and final studio album by American singer-songwriter Jordan Pruitt. On July 22, 2008, the album was released to all Limited Too stores only and in September the album was released on iTunes. On August 26, 2008 the album was given a physical release. The worldwide premiere of the album was broadcast over Radio Disney on July 19, 2008 at 4:00 p.m. Pacific Time and 7:00 p.m. Eastern Time. The encore also aired on July 21, 2008 at 10:00 a.m. Pacific Time and 1:00 p.m. Eastern Time. For unknown reasons, the album was removed from the iTunes Store on September 19, 2008.
Law & Order True Crime is an American true crime anthology series that premiered September 26, 2017 on NBC. The series was ordered by NBC on July 15, 2016, and is part of the Law & Order franchise. Created by Rene Balcer, the eight - episode first season, titled Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders, is a dramatization of the trial of Lyle and Erik Menendez, who were convicted in 1996 for the murder of their parents, José and Kitty Menendez. The first season concluded November 14, 2017.
Margo Burns is a historian (A.B., Mount Holyoke College, 1980, M.A., University of New Hampshire, 1991) specializing in the Salem witch trials and related events, especially those in North Andover. She is an Associate Editor and Project Manager of the book "Records of the Salem Witch-Hunt" (Bernard Rosenthal, Editor, Cambridge University Press, 2009). She resides in New Hampshire.
The sovereign's birthday was first officially marked in the United Kingdom in 1748, for King George II. Since then, the date of the king or queen's birthday has been determined throughout the British Empire, and later the Commonwealth of Nations, according to either different royal proclamations issued by the sovereign or governor or by statute laws passed by the local parliament. The date of the celebration today varies as adopted by each country and is generally set around the end of May or start of June, to coincide with a higher probability of fine weather in the Northern Hemisphere for outdoor ceremonies, rather than with the monarch's actual birthday, that of the present monarch being 21 April. In some cases, it is an official public holiday, sometimes aligning with the celebration of other events. Most Commonwealth realms release a Queen's Birthday Honours list at this time.
WNDE (1260 AM) is a Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Indianapolis, Indiana, serving the Indianapolis metropolitan area. The station, which began broadcasting in 1924, is owned and operated by iHeartMedia. The WNDE broadcast license is held by Capstar TX LLC.
Esther Queen of Persia Queen Esther (1879) by Edwin Long Queen of Persia Reign c. 479 -- c. 465 BC Coronation c. 479 Predecessor Vashti Hadassah c. 492 BC Achaemenid Empire Burial Hamadan, Iran Spouse King Xerxes I of Persia House Persia Father Abihail (biological), Mordecai (adoptive) Religion Judaism
One of Windows 10's most notable features is support for universal apps, an expansion of the Metro - style apps first introduced in Windows 8. Universal apps can be designed to run across multiple Microsoft product families with nearly identical code‍ -- ‌including PCs, tablets, smartphones, embedded systems, Xbox One, Surface Hub and Mixed Reality. The Windows user interface was revised to handle transitions between a mouse - oriented interface and a touchscreen - optimized interface based on available input devices‍ -- ‌particularly on 2 - in - 1 PCs, both interfaces include an updated Start menu which incorporates elements of Windows 7's traditional Start menu with the tiles of Windows 8. Windows 10 also introduced the Microsoft Edge web browser, a virtual desktop system, a window and desktop management feature called Task View, support for fingerprint and face recognition login, new security features for enterprise environments, and DirectX 12.
Hansen's problem is a problem in planar surveying, named after the astronomer Peter Andreas Hansen (1795–1874), who worked on the geodetic survey of Denmark. There are two known points "A" and "B", and two unknown points "P" and "P". From "P" and "P" an observer measures the angles made by the lines of sight to each of the other three points. The problem is to find the positions of "P" and "P". See figure; the angles measured are ("α", "β", "α", "β").
The Nazi regime under Adolf Hitler came to power in 1933, and along with Mussolini's Italy sought to gain control of the continent by the Second World War. Following the Allied victory in the Second World War, Europe was divided by the Iron Curtain. The countries in Southeastern Europe were dominated by the Soviet Union and became communist states. The major non-communist Southern European countries joined a US-led military alliance (NATO) and formed the European Economic Community amongst themselves. The countries in the Soviet sphere of influence joined the military alliance known as the Warsaw Pact and the economic bloc called Comecon. Yugoslavia was neutal.
``Here Comes the Hotstepper ''is a song co-written and recorded by Jamaican dancehall artist Ini Kamoze. It was released as the lead single from his 1994 album Here Comes the Hotstepper.
Taxi Orange was an alternative to the "Big Brother" reality show, quite popular in Austria. It was broadcast by the public television channel ORF. The idea, like "Big Brother", was to lock up a group of people in a closed environment, only allowed to leave in an orange taxi, so they were still able to interact with the world outside.
Joseph Clifford "Rabbit" Caffie (February 14, 1931 – August 1, 2011) was an American professional baseball player who played for the Cleveland Indians. He is recorded as weighing 180 pounds, batting left-handed and throwing right-handed. He played 44 Major league games from September 13, 1956 to September 28, 1957. He had previously played for the Cleveland Buckeyes in the Negro leagues as well as the Buffalo Bisons of the International League (AAA) .
The history of Hawaii describes the era of human settlements in the Hawaiian Islands. That history begins sometime between 124 and 800 CE, with some theories dating the earliest Polynesian settlements to the 10th or even 13th century. Around 1200, Tahitian explorers found and began settling the area. This began the rise of the Hawaiian civilization. It remained isolated from the rest of the world for another 500 years.
David Virgin now lives in Dublin, Ireland and continues to write, record and perform music solo and with his two sons Rohan Healy and Alex "Al Quiff" Healy, of The Dublin City Rounders, in the vintage, western swing and blues act David Virgin & The Stanley Knife Brothers. In November 2013, Virgin released a 23 song best-of album titled "Three Decades of David Virgin" through Beardfire Music and in January 2014 Virgin released solo album "Boots 'N' Tooths".
Boston is an intellectual, technological, and political center but has lost some important regional institutions, including the acquisition of The Boston Globe by The New York Times, and the loss to mergers and acquisitions of local financial institutions such as FleetBoston Financial, which was acquired by Charlotte-based Bank of America in 2004. Boston-based department stores Jordan Marsh and Filene's have both been merged into the Cincinnati–based Macy's. Boston has experienced gentrification in the latter half of the 20th century, with housing prices increasing sharply since the 1990s. Living expenses have risen, and Boston has one of the highest costs of living in the United States, and was ranked the 129th most expensive major city in the world in a 2011 survey of 214 cities. Despite cost of living issues, Boston ranks high on livability ratings, ranking 36th worldwide in quality of living in 2011 in a survey of 221 major cities.
Malden Catholic High School is a private, Catholic secondary school located in Malden, Massachusetts. The school was founded by the Congregation of the Brothers of St. Francis Xavier, an international congregation of religious brothers. It is a member of the Xaverian Brothers Sponsored Schools and the National Catholic Educational Association.
Stade de ASC HLM is a multi-use stadium in Dakar, Senegal. It is currently used mostly for football matches and serves as a home ground of ASC HLM. The stadium holds 5,000 people.
East Lake is one of the twin lakes that occupy part of the Newberry Crater or caldera in Central Oregon, United States. It is located in the Deschutes National Forest near the city of La Pine. The caldera was formed over 500,000 years ago from volcanic eruptions. East Lake's water comes from snow melt, rain fall, and hot springs only. The average depth is , at the deepest point, and covers . East Lake is about higher in elevation and is to the east of its twin, Paulina Lake.
Andrea Paolo Mario Dotti (18 March 1938 – 30 September 2007) was an Italian psychiatrist, and the second husband of Audrey Hepburn from 1969 to 1982. He was born in Naples.
Khanty-Mansiysky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the nine in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug, Russia. It is located in the center of the autonomous okrug. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Khanty-Mansiysk (which is not administratively a part of the district). As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 19,362.
Although the lyrical content of a lot of Marc Bolan's songs is ambiguous, analysis of the multi track recordings of 20th Century Boy reveals the first line of the song to be ``Friends say it's fine, friends say it's good / Everybody says it's just like Robin Hood, ''and not the often misquoted``... just like rock 'n' roll.''
As of 2010, there were 678 authorized district court judgeships. A study put forth by Brennan Center for Justice at New York University of Law found that under the Obama administration and especially in the year 2009 there have been a ``uniquely high ''number of vacancies in Federal Court, averaging 60 or more from the years 2009 to 2013. The Obama administration has blamed Senate Republicans for opposing (and therefore, not confirming) presidential nominations, while the Republicans say Obama has been slow to nominate.
Soundsigns is an album by the American jazz saxophonist Dewey Redman of performances recorded in 1978 for the Galaxy label.
4 Clowns is a 1970 documentary compilation film written and directed by Robert Youngson that studies the golden age of comedy through a compilation of rare silent film footage of the works of Stan Laurel, Oliver Hardy, Charley Chase and Buster Keaton. It was the last feature film project of producer, director, and writer Robert Youngson.
Both the council members and the mayor serve four-year terms; none face term limits. Council members are nominated by their wards via a ward-level primary held in September. The top vote-earners from each party then compete at-large for their ward's seat on the November ballot. In other words, on election day the whole city votes on all the council races up for that year. Council elections are severed: Wards 1, 2, and 4 (as well as the mayor) are up for election in the same year (most recently 2011), while Wards 3, 5, and 6 share another year (most recently 2013).
The Real L Word is an American reality television series aired on the cable station Showtime, where it premiered on June 20, 2010. The show was created by executive producer Ilene Chaiken and Magical Elves Productions, following the success of the television drama "The L Word" also created by Chaiken. "The Real L Word" follows a group of lesbians in their daily lives in Los Angeles, and as of the third season, Brooklyn.
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat is a musical with lyrics by Tim Rice and music by Andrew Lloyd Webber. The story is based on the ``coat of many colors ''story of Joseph from the Bible's Book of Genesis. This was the first Lloyd Webber and Rice musical to be performed publicly (the first, The Likes of Us, written in 1965, was not performed until 2005).
The 2017 Atlantic City mayoral election was held on November 7, 2017 to elect the Mayor of Atlantic City, New Jersey. Primary elections were held on June 6. Incumbent Republican Don Guardian lost re-election to a second term to Democratic city councilman Frank Gilliam.
Some of Australia's most prominent and well known schools are based in Melbourne. Of the top twenty high schools in Australia according to the Better Education ranking, six are located in Melbourne. There has also been a rapid increase in the number of International students studying in the city. Furthermore, Melbourne was ranked the world's fourth top university city in 2008 after London, Boston and Tokyo in a poll commissioned by the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology. Melbourne is the home of seven public universities: the University of Melbourne, Monash University, Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT University), Deakin University, La Trobe University, Swinburne University of Technology and Victoria University.
The Baylor College of Medicine has annually been considered within the top ten medical schools in the nation; likewise, the MD Anderson Cancer Center has consistently ranked as one of the top two U.S. hospitals specializing in cancer care by U.S. News & World Report since 1990. The Menninger Clinic, a renowned psychiatric treatment center, is affiliated with Baylor College of Medicine and The Methodist Hospital System. With hospital locations nationwide and headquarters in Houston, the Triumph Healthcare hospital system is the third largest long term acute care provider nationally.
Ain't Living Long Like This is the debut studio album by American country music singer-songwriter Rodney Crowell, released in 1978 by Warner Bros. Records. It failed to enter the Top Country Albums chart. The songs, "Elvira", "Baby Better Start Turnin' 'Em Down" and "(Now and Then, There's) A Fool Such as I" were released as singles but they all failed to chart within the top 40. Despite this, "Ain't Living Long Like This" is considered one Crowell's best and most influential albums. Brett Hartenbach of Allmusic says it ""not only showcases his songwriting prowess, but also his ability to deliver a song, whether it's one of his own or the work of another writer"". Most of the songs on this album were later covered by other artists including The Oak Ridge Boys and Alan Jackson. When the album was re-released in 2002 the font on the cover was enlarged to make it more legible.
David Dacko (; 24 March 1930 – 20 November 2003) was a Central African politician who served as the 1st President of the Central African Republic from 14 August 1960 to 1 January 1966, and 3rd President from 21 September 1979 to 1 September 1981. After his second removal from power in a "coup d'état" led by General André Kolingba, he pursued an active career as an opposition politician and presidential candidate with many loyal supporters; Dacko was an important political figure in the country for over 50 years.
The Philadelphia Eagles are a professional American football franchise based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The Eagles compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) East division. They are Super Bowl champions, having won Super Bowl LII in 2018: their first Super Bowl in franchise history, and their fourth NFL title overall, after winning the Championship Game in 1948, 1949, and 1960.
Zendaya is the eponymous debut studio album by American singer and actress Zendaya, released on September 17, 2013 by Hollywood Records. After acting in the Disney Channel series "Shake It Up", Zendaya signed a recording contract with Hollywood Records, in which she began recording her debut in late 2012. "Zendaya" consists of 12 songs; musically, the album is a electropop album that incorporates urban pop, R&B and dubstep. Lyrically, the album discusses issues of heartbreak and love. Zendaya co-wrote all the songs on the album.
The Juventas New Music Ensemble is an instrumental ensemble located in Boston, Massachusetts devoted to performing musical works by composers under the age of 35. Their programming focuses on composers who actively blur the boundaries between popular musical genres and traditional art music. Since its inception, Juventas has received favorable reviews from several Boston publications.
The Forestry Farm Park and Zoo is a forested park and zoo located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. The park was originally established as the Dominion Forest Nursery Station and later Sutherland Forest Nursery Station. Between 1913-1966 was responsible for growing and shipping 147 million trees shipped across the northern prairie provinces. The first shipment of trees were sent to farmers in 1916. The park is designated a National Historic Site of Canada. The nursery grew caragana, ash, maple, elm, and willow. After the nursery closed in 1966 a portion was re-opened as a city park.
``Hey There Lonely Girl ''is a song recorded by R&B singer Eddie Holman. Recorded and released in 1969, it charted in the United States in 1970 and in the United Kingdom in 1974. The original version by Ruby and the Romantics was entitled,`` Hey There Lonely Boy'' in 1963, and was a Top 30 hit, peaking at # 27. Holman's song peaked at # 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 pop chart, # 1 on the Canadian RPM chart, and at # 4 on the UK Singles Chart, his highest charting single in each country.
Jersey City is the second-most - populous city in the U.S. state of New Jersey, after Newark. It is the seat of Hudson County as well as the county's largest city. As of 2016, the Census Bureau's Population Estimates Program calculated that Jersey City's population was 264,152, with the largest population increase of any municipality in New Jersey since 2010, an increase of about 6.7% from the 2010 United States Census, when the city's population was at 247,597, ranking the city the 77th - largest in the nation.
His works in Barcelona include the church of Sant Andreu del Palomar (1881, with Pere Falqués), Teatre Poliorama and Reial Acadèmia de les Ciències (1883), Palau de la Justícia - Palace of Justice courthouse (1887-1908, with Enric Sagnier i Villavecchia), Palau Montaner, now the Delegación del Gobierno Español (Delegation of the Spanish Government) in Barcelona (1889-1896, with Lluís Domènech i Montaner), the University of Barcelona's Faculty of Medicine (1904), Modelo prison (1904, with Salvador Vinyals i Sabaté), the Amparo de Santa Lucía / Empar de Santa Llúcia home for the blind, which eventually became the Museu de la Ciència de Barcelona, now known as CosmoCaixa Barcelona (1904-1909), the Fabra Observatory (1906), Catalana de Gas i electricitat building and water tower (1908), the Church of Our Lady of Carmen (Església de la Mare de Déu del Carme) and Carmelite convent (1910-1921, finished by his son Josep Domènech i Mansana) and Magoria station (1912). He also headed the construction of the Hospital Clínic (1895-1906), based on a design by Ignasi C. Bartrolí (1881). In the town of Viladrau, he built the Hotel Bofill (1898).
Gerold Camarillo Dunn (July 11, 1911 – July 19, 1980) was an American attorney and jurist, who served as an Associate Justice of the California Court of Appeal for the Second Appellate District in Division 4 from 1968 to 1977 and a Judge of the Los Angeles County Superior Court from 1967 to 1968. Dunn was appointed to both posts by California Governor Ronald Reagan.
Abu al-Fadl Abbas Ibn al-Ahnaf, (750 in Basra-809), Arabic, عباس بن الأحنف, was an Arab Abbasid poet from the clan of Hanifa. His work consists solely of love poems (ghazal). It is "primarily concerned with the hopelessness of love, and the personae in his compositions seems resigned to a relationship of deprivation". The vocabulary he chose was simple and his style is fluent and easy.
Italian navigator and explorer Giovanni Caboto (known in English as John Cabot) is credited with the discovery of continental North America on June 24, 1497, under the commission of Henry VII of England. Though the exact location of his discovery remains disputed, the Canadian and United Kingdom governments' official position is that he landed on the island of Newfoundland. The English presence through Giovanni Caboto was signaled in Juan de la Cosa's map of 1500.
When Chakravarti Rajagopalachari assumed the office as the first Indian - born Governor General of India and became the occupant of this building he preferred to stay in a few rooms which is now the family wing of the President and converted the then Viceroy's apartments into the Guest Wing where visiting heads of state stay while in India.
When the Mongols placed the Uighurs of the Kingdom of Qocho over the Koreans at the court the Korean King objected, then the Mongol Emperor Kublai Khan rebuked the Korean King, saying that the Uighur King of Qocho was ranked higher than the Karluk Kara-Khanid ruler, who in turn was ranked higher than the Korean King, who was ranked last, because the Uighurs surrendered to the Mongols first, the Karluks surrendered after the Uighurs, and the Koreans surrendered last, and that the Uighurs surrendered peacefully without violently resisting.
The Taifa of Santarém was a medieval taifa Moorish kingdom in what is now Portugal. It existed from 1144 to 1145.
Due to its position between two unfriendly neighbours, Armenia has close security ties with Russia. At the request of the Armenian government, Russia maintains a military base in the northwestern Armenian city of Gyumri as a deterrent against Turkey.[citation needed] Despite this, Armenia has also been looking toward Euro-Atlantic structures in recent years. It maintains good relations with the United States especially through its Armenian diaspora. According to the US Census Bureau, there are 427,822 Armenians living in the country.
The Nissan Rogue is a compact crossover SUV produced by the Japanese automaker Nissan. It made its debut in October 2007 for the 2008 model year. The current model, the second generation launched in 2013, is the North American version of the Nissan X-Trail. It is currently Nissan's best - selling vehicle in the United States.
Khar () is a village development committee (VDC) of Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of Far-Western Development Region, Nepal. Geographically khar is located 29.79 N and 80.64 E, its nearest border to the district headquarters is Dallekh which is 10- 12 kilometer north east to the Darchula. The Khar VDC is surrounded by Sipti and Dhuligada VDC to the East and South, Katai to the West, and Eyarkot to the North. According to national census 2011 khar VDC has total population 4,272 (2,056 male and 2,216 female) residing 698 households.
Subjective idealists like George Berkeley are anti-realists in terms of a mind-independent world, whereas transcendental idealists like Immanuel Kant are strong skeptics of such a world, affirming epistemological and not metaphysical idealism. Thus Kant defines idealism as "the assertion that we can never be certain whether all of our putative outer experience is not mere imagining". He claimed that, according to idealism, "the reality of external objects does not admit of strict proof. On the contrary, however, the reality of the object of our internal sense (of myself and state) is clear immediately through consciousness."  However, not all idealists restrict the real or the knowable to our immediate subjective experience. Objective idealists make claims about a transempirical world, but simply deny that this world is essentially divorced from or ontologically prior to the mental. Thus Plato and Gottfried Leibniz affirm an objective and knowable reality transcending our subjective awareness—a rejection of epistemological idealism—but propose that this reality is grounded in ideal entities, a form of metaphysical idealism. Nor do all metaphysical idealists agree on the nature of the ideal; for Plato, the fundamental entities were non-mental abstract forms, while for Leibniz they were proto-mental and concrete monads.
Under British administration, Myanmar was the second-wealthiest country in South-East Asia. It had been the world's largest exporter of rice. Myanmar also had a wealth of natural and labour resources. British Burma began exporting crude oil in 1853, making it one of the earliest petroleum producers in the world. It produced 75% of the world's teak and had a highly literate population. The wealth was however, mainly concentrated in the hands of Europeans. In 1930s, agricultural production fell dramatically as international rice prices declined, and did not recover for several decades.
Superman debuted as the cover feature of the anthology Action Comics # 1 (cover - dated June 1938 and published on April 18, 1938). The series was an immediate success, and reader feedback showed it was because of the Superman character. In June 1939, Detective Comics began a sister series, Superman, dedicated exclusively to the character. Action Comics eventually became dedicated to Superman stories too, and both it and Superman have been published without interruption since 1938 (ignoring changes to the titles and numbering). A large number of other series and miniseries have been published as well. Superman has also appeared as a regular or semi-regular character in a number of superhero team series, such as Justice League of America and World's Finest Comics, and in spin - off series such as Supergirl. Sales of Action Comics and Superman declined steadily from the 1950s, but rose again starting in 1987. Superman # 75 (Nov 1992) sold over 6 million copies, making it the best - selling issue of a comic book of all time, thanks to a media sensation over the possibly permanent death of the character in that issue. Sales declined from that point on. In February 2016, Action Comics sold just over 31,000 copies. The comic books are today considered a niche aspect of the Superman franchise due to low readership.
Invisible Child is a 1999 American television drama film starring Rita Wilson as a mother who imagines she has three children when she has only two. Fearing his wife may be institutionalized because of her delusional disorder, her husband goes along with this charade as though it is perfectly normal. The 10-year-old daughter assists her father in facilitating the delusion. The youngest child seems to really believe that he has a sister named "Maggie." They hire a nanny who initially goes along with the family's unusual situation, but she becomes concerned about the effects on the real children and reports the family to child protective services.
On 15 October 1950, President Truman and General MacArthur met at Wake Island in the mid-Pacific Ocean. This meeting was much publicized because of the General's discourteous refusal to meet the President on the continental United States. To President Truman, MacArthur speculated there was little risk of Chinese intervention in Korea, and that the PRC's opportunity for aiding the KPA had lapsed. He believed the PRC had some 300,000 soldiers in Manchuria, and some 100,000–125,000 soldiers at the Yalu River. He further concluded that, although half of those forces might cross south, "if the Chinese tried to get down to Pyongyang, there would be the greatest slaughter" without air force protection.
Arthur Christ Agnos (born Arthouros Agnos [] September 1, 1938) is an American politician. He served as the 39th mayor of San Francisco, California from 1988 to 1992 and as the Regional Head of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development from 1993 to 2001.
Tim DuBois (born May 4, 1948 in Southwest City, Missouri) is a Nashville, Tennessee-based music executive. He attended Oklahoma State University and received a B.A. and M.A. in Accounting and in 2016 he was awarded an honorary PHD in Accounting. He then entered into the music business and has taken part in multiple aspects of the industry including songwriting, record labels, management, and production. DuBois has been recognized for numerous honors and awards for his contributions to the music industry.
Saint Paul (abbreviated St. Paul) is the capital and second-most populous city of the U.S. state of Minnesota. As of 2017, the city's estimated population was 309,180. Saint Paul is the county seat of Ramsey County, the smallest and most densely populated county in Minnesota. The city lies mostly on the east bank of the Mississippi River in the area surrounding its point of confluence with the Minnesota River, and adjoins Minneapolis, the state's largest city. Known as the ``Twin Cities '', the two form the core of Minneapolis -- Saint Paul, the 16th - largest metropolitan area in the United States, with about 3.6 million residents.
On November 4, 1979, a group of students seized the United States Embassy and took the embassy with 52 personnel and citizens hostage, after the United States refused to return Mohammad Reza Pahlavi to Iran to face trial in the court of the new regime. Attempts by the Jimmy Carter administration to negotiate for the release of the hostages, and a failed rescue attempt, helped force Carter out of office and brought Ronald Reagan to power. On Jimmy Carter's final day in office, the last hostages were finally set free as a result of the Algiers Accords.
Jewish communities were expelled from England in 1290 and from France in 1306. Although some were allowed back into France, most were not, and many Jews emigrated eastwards, settling in Poland and Hungary. The Jews were expelled from Spain in 1492, and dispersed to Turkey, France, Italy, and Holland. The rise of banking in Italy during the 13th century continued throughout the 14th century, fuelled partly by the increasing warfare of the period and the needs of the papacy to move money between kingdoms. Many banking firms loaned money to royalty, at great risk, as some were bankrupted when kings defaulted on their loans.[AE]
The Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) (or Global Goals for Sustainable Development) are a collection of 17 global goals set by the United Nations in 2015. The formal name for the SDGs is: ``Transforming our World: the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. ''That has been shortened to`` 2030 Agenda.'' The goals are broad and interdependent, yet each has a separate list of targets to achieve. Achieving all 169 targets would signal accomplishing all 17 goals. The SDGs cover social and economic development issues including poverty, hunger, health, education, global warming, gender equality, water, sanitation, energy, urbanization, environment and social justice.
Valsalabroso is a municipality located in the province of Salamanca, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2016 the municipality has a population of 146 inhabitants.
Ace Fu Records is an independent record label founded in 1998 by Eric Speck. It is located in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. The label went on indefinite hiatus in 2007.
Princess Athena of Denmark (Athena Marguerite Françoise Marie; born 24 January 2012), is the younger child and only daughter of Prince Joachim and Princess Marie of Denmark.
Hazelton is a city in Jerome County, Idaho, United States. The population was 753 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Twin Falls, Idaho Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Daniel Sallis Huston (born May 14, 1962) is an American actor, writer, and director. Huston got his start directing Mr. North, starring Anthony Edwards, Robert Mitchum, and Huston's half-sister, Anjelica Huston. Later, Huston gave his breakthrough acting performance in the independent film Ivans Xtc and was nominated for Best Male Performance at the Independent Spirit Awards in 2003.
WRLS-FM (92.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Hayward, Wisconsin, United States. The station's broadcast license is held by Vacationland Broadcasting, Inc.
Belinda Chang (born 1963) is a Chinese-language author from Taiwan. She graduated from National Taiwan University's Chinese department, and went on to earn a master's degree in performance culture from New York University. After living in the United States for thirteen years, she later relocated to Beijing and then Shanghai.
Pasaje is a small town in the lowlands of the El Oro Province, Ecuador. Pasaje is the seat of the Pasaje Canton. It is located on the border of the Jubones River.
Air Zimbabwe (Pvt) Ltd (operating as Air Zimbabwe) is the national carrier of Zimbabwe, headquartered on the property of Harare International Airport, in Harare. From its hub at Harare International Airport, the carrier used to operate a network within southern Africa that also included Asia and London-Gatwick. Following financial difficulties, Air Zimbabwe ceased operations in late . Serving a reduced domestic network, the carrier resumed operations for a short period between and early , when flights were again discontinued. Some flights were restarted on a discontinuous basis in that year. The airline resumed operating some domestic routes as well as the regional service to Johannesburg on a daily basis in .
Pathology is an American death metal band from San Diego, California, formed in 2006 by drummer Dave Astor (previously with The Locust and Cattle Decapitation). The band were signed to Victory Records for an over three-year period, but now are currently signed to Sevared Records, an independent New York-based death metal label.
Sales of the game were a way for Borsuk to support his family after he lost his job following the closure by the German occupation authorities of Warsaw University. The original sets were produced by hand by Borsuk's wife, Zofia. The author of the drawings of animals was Janina Borsuk née Śliwicka. The game was one of the first in the world to feature 12-sided dice.
``A Good Heart ''Single by Feargal Sharkey from the album Feargal Sharkey B - side`` Anger Is Holy'' Released September 1985 (UK) February 1986 (US) Format 7 ``, 12 ''Recorded 1985 Length 4: 39 Label Virgin Songwriter (s) Maria McKee Producer (s) David A. Stewart Feargal Sharkey singles chronology`` Loving You'' (1985) ``A Good Heart ''(1985)`` You Little Thief'' (1985) ``Loving You ''(1985)`` A Good Heart'' (1985) ``You Little Thief ''(1985) Audio sample file help
``I Want It All ''is a song by British rock band Queen, featured on their 1989 studio album The Miracle. Written by guitarist and backing vocalist Brian May (but credited to Queen) and produced by David Richards, it was released as the first single from the album on 2 May 1989.`` I Want It All'' reached # 3 on both the UK Singles Chart and the American Billboard Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, # 50 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and # 1 in other European territories, including Spain, where Los 40 Principales regularly played the song during the month of July 1989.
The Iron Curtain took physical shape in the form of border defenses between the countries of western and eastern Europe. These were some of the most heavily militarised areas in the world, particularly the so - called ``inner German border ''-- commonly known as die Grenze in German -- between East and West Germany. The inner German border was marked in rural areas by double fences made of steel mesh (expanded metal) with sharp edges, while near urban areas a high concrete barrier similar to the Berlin Wall was built. The installation of the Wall in 1961 brought an end to a decade during which the divided capital of divided Germany was one of the easiest places to move west across the Iron Curtain.
On October 12, the 18th and 104th Divisions landed, followed by command units the following day. By October 21, the provincial capital of Guangzhou was under Japanese control. The IJA 5th Division continued to advance up the Pearl River and by November 5 had taken the city of Foshan. By the end of November, the entire province was under Japanese control.
Sacro Cuore di Cristo Re is a Roman Catholic church (minor basilica) in Rome, designed between the 1920s and 1930s by Marcello Piacentini.
In 1948, the point-contact transistor was independently invented by German physicists Herbert Mataré and Heinrich Welker while working at the Compagnie des Freins et Signaux, a Westinghouse subsidiary located in Paris. Mataré had previous experience in developing crystal rectifiers from silicon and germanium in the German radar effort during World War II. Using this knowledge, he began researching the phenomenon of "interference" in 1947. By June 1948, witnessing currents flowing through point-contacts, Mataré produced consistent results using samples of germanium produced by Welker, similar to what Bardeen and Brattain had accomplished earlier in December 1947. Realizing that Bell Labs' scientists had already invented the transistor before them, the company rushed to get its "transistron" into production for amplified use in France's telephone network.
James Louis Sobieski was born on 2 November 1667 in Paris, France. He was named after his grandfather Jakub Sobieski, his godfather Louis XIV of France and his godmother Henrietta Maria of France. In 1683, the fifteen-year-old prince fought alongside his father against the Turks at the Battle of Vienna. James was a member of the Order of the Golden Fleece.
Dark Castle Entertainment is an American film production label and a division of Silver Pictures, a production house formerly affiliated with Warner Bros. It was formed in 1999 by Joel Silver, Robert Zemeckis, and Gilbert Adler. Susan Downey was the Vice President of Development until February 2009, a term running congruent to her tenure as a VP of Production at parent company Silver Pictures.
The 3M Company, formerly known as the Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company is an American multinational conglomerate corporation operating in the fields of industry, worker safety, health care, and consumer goods. The company produces a variety of products, including adhesives, abrasives, laminates, passive fire protection, personal protective equipment, window films, paint protection films, dental and orthodontic products, electrical & electronic connecting and insulating materials, medical products, car-care products, electronic circuits, healthcare software and optical films. It is based in Maplewood, Minnesota, a suburb of St. Paul.
Ole Wehus (25 June 1909 – 10 March 1947) was a Norwegian police official and member of the fascist party Nasjonal Samling who was sentenced to death penalty and executed in 1947. He was born in Kristiansand. During the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany he was appointed as a police officer for the Statspolitiet (State Police, STAPO), from the spring of 1942 until the end of the war. He served most of the period in Kristiansand, where he cooperated with the Gestapo at their local headquarters, known as Arkivet.
Other capital crimes include: the use of a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death, espionage, terrorism, certain violations of the Geneva Conventions that result in the death of one or more persons, and treason at the federal level; aggravated rape in Louisiana, Florida, and Oklahoma; extortionate kidnapping in Oklahoma; aggravated kidnapping in Georgia, Idaho, Kentucky and South Carolina; aircraft hijacking in Alabama and Mississippi; assault by an escaping capital felon in Colorado; armed robbery in Georgia; drug trafficking resulting in a person's death in Florida; train wrecking which leads to a person's death, and perjury which leads to a person's death in California, Colorado, Idaho and Nebraska.
Men's Singles 2017 Wimbledon Championships Champion Roger Federer Runner - up Marin Čilić Final score 6 -- 3, 6 -- 1, 6 -- 4 Details Draw 128 (16 Q / 8 WC) Seeds 32 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends men women seniors WC Doubles men women ← 2016 Wimbledon Championships 2018 →
The Germanic peoples during the Migrations Period came into contact with other peoples; in the case of the populations settling in the territory of modern Germany, they encountered Celts to the south, and Balts and Slavs towards the east. The Limes Germanicus was breached in AD 260. Migrating Germanic tribes commingled with the local Gallo-Roman populations in what is now Swabia and Bavaria. The arrival of the Huns in Europe resulted in Hun conquest of large parts of Eastern Europe, the Huns initially were allies of the Roman Empire who fought against Germanic tribes, but later the Huns cooperated with the Germanic tribe of the Ostrogoths, and large numbers of Germans lived within the lands of the Hunnic Empire of Attila. Attila had both Hunnic and Germanic families and prominent Germanic chiefs amongst his close entourage in Europe. The Huns living in Germanic territories in Eastern Europe adopted an East Germanic language as their lingua franca. A major part of Attila's army were Germans, during the Huns' campaign against the Roman Empire. After Attila's unexpected death the Hunnic Empire collapsed with the Huns disappearing as a people in Europe – who either escaped into Asia, or otherwise blended in amongst Europeans.
The Taifa of Carmona was a medieval Berber taifa kingdom. It existed for two distinct periods: first from 1013 to 1066 when it was conquered by the Taifa of Seville, and secondly from around 1143 to 1150 when it was finally conquered by the Almohad Caliphate. The taifa was established and ruled by the Zenata Berber Birzalid dynasty.
Sati is a Bengali film released in 1989 written and directed by Aparna Sen. Based on a story by Kamal Kumar Majumdar, the film is about mute orphan girl who is married to a Banyan tree because her horoscope suggests that she would be a sati, and her husband would die. The film had Shabana Azmi and Arun Banerjee in lead roles.
Reed Wickner graduated from Cornell University with a B.A. degree in 1962. He then went to medical school at Georgetown University and received his M.D. degree in 1966. He is a member of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), the American Academy of Arts and Sciences [(AAAS)], and the American Academy of Microbiology, and has been a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. He is (as of 2012) Chief of the Laboratory of Biochemistry and Genetics at the National Institute of Diabetes & Digestive & Kidney Diseases, part of the National Institutes of Health. His research interests pertain to prions and amyloid diseases.
Pick Player Team Position School Josh Hamilton Tampa Bay Devil Rays OF Athens Drive HS (Raleigh, North Carolina) Josh Beckett Florida Marlins Spring HS (Spring, Texas) Eric Munson Detroit Tigers University of Southern California Corey Myers Arizona Diamondbacks SS Desert Vista HS (Phoenix, Arizona) 5 B.J. Garbe Minnesota Twins OF, P Moses Lake HS (Moses Lake, Washington) 6 Josh Girdley Montreal Expos Jasper HS (Jasper, Texas) 7 Kyle Snyder Kansas City Royals University of North Carolina 8 Bobby Bradley Pittsburgh Pirates Wellington Community HS (Wellington, Florida) 9 Barry Zito Oakland Athletics University of Southern California 10 Ben Sheets Milwaukee Brewers Northeast Louisiana University 11 Ryan Christianson Seattle Mariners Arlington HS (Riverside, California) 12 Brett Myers Philadelphia Phillies Englewood Senior HS (Jacksonville, Florida) 13 Mike Paradis Baltimore Orioles Clemson University 14 Ty Howington Cincinnati Reds Hudson's Bay HS (Vancouver, Washington) 15 Jason Stumm Chicago White Sox Centralia HS (Centralia, Washington) 16 Jason Jennings Colorado Rockies Baylor University 17 Rick Asadoorian Boston Red Sox OF Northbridge HS (Whitinsville, Massachusetts) 18 Richard Stahl Baltimore Orioles Newton County HS (Covington, Georgia) 19 Alex Ríos Toronto Blue Jays OF San Pedro Martin HS (Guaynabo, PR) 20 Vince Faison San Diego Padres OF Toombs County HS (Lyons, Georgia) 21 Larry Bigbie Baltimore Orioles OF Ball State University 22 Matt Ginter Chicago White Sox Mississippi State University 23 Keith Reed Baltimore Orioles OF Providence College 24 Kurt Ainsworth San Francisco Giants Louisiana State University 25 Mike MacDougal Kansas City Royals Wake Forest University 26 Ben Christensen Chicago Cubs Wichita State University 27 David Walling New York Yankees University of Arkansas 28 Gerik Baxter San Diego Padres Edmonds Woodway HS (Edmonds, Washington) 29 Omar Ortíz San Diego Padres University of Texas - Pan American 30 Chance Caple St. Louis Cardinals Texas A&M University
Hapi, sometimes transliterated as Hapy, is one of the Four sons of Horus in ancient Egyptian religion, depicted in funerary literature as protecting the throne of Osiris in the Underworld. Hapi was the son of Heru-ur and Isis or Serqet. He is not to be confused with another god of the same name. He is commonly depicted with the head of a hamadryas baboon, and is tasked with protecting the lungs of the deceased, hence the common depiction of a hamadryas baboon head sculpted as the lid of the canopic jar that held the lungs. Hapi is in turn protected by the goddess Nephthys. When his image appears on the side of a coffin, he is usually aligned with the side intended to face north. When embalming practices changed during the Third Intermediate Period and the mummified organs were placed back inside the body, an amulet of Hapi would be included in the body cavity.
Jang Chul-Woo (; born 5 April 1971) is a South Korean retired footballer who played as a midfielder. He is considered one of the legendary players in Daejeon Citizen.
Giovanni Cifolelli was an Italian mandolin virtuoso and dramatic composer whose date and place of birth are unknown. In 1764 he made his appearance in Paris as a mandolin virtuoso and was highly esteemed, both as a performer and teacher. He published his "Method for the mandolin" while residing in Paris, which met with great success throughout France, being the most popular of its period.
"Hei tie" (in English, "Hey There, Road") is a song by Finnish recording artist Maija Vilkkumaa. It was released by Warner Music Finland on 20 September 2006, as the only single from her compilation album "Totuutta ja tehtävää". Written by Vilkkumaa, the song was Vilkkumaa's first number-one single on the Finnish Singles Chart, debuting at the peak position and charting for three weeks.
Wood Lane is a London Underground station in the White City area of west London, United Kingdom. It is on the Circle and Hammersmith & City lines, between Latimer Road and Shepherd's Bush Market stations, in Travelcard Zone 2.
The Amman Governorate has the largest population of the 12 governorates of Jordan. It borders Zarqa Governorate to the north and north east, the governorates of Balqa and Madaba to the west, Karak and Ma'an governorates to the south. It also shares an international border with Saudi Arabia from the east.
William Gordon Welchman (15 June 1906 – 8 October 1985) was an English mathematician, university professor, Second World War codebreaker at Bletchley Park and author. After the war he moved to the US, and later took American citizenship.
Clements is an unincorporated community in San Joaquin County, California, United States. Clements is located on California State Route 12 and California State Route 88 east-northeast of Lodi. Although it is unincorporated, Clements has a post office with ZIP code 95227.
The 1988 Notre Dame vs. Miami football game, colloquially known as Catholics vs. Convicts, was played on October 15, 1988 at Notre Dame Stadium. Both the Notre Dame Fighting Irish and the Miami Hurricanes came into the game undefeated. Notre Dame won the closely contested game 31 -- 30.
It is bordered by the other Italian regions of Molise to the north, Campania to the west, and Basilicata to the southwest. Across the Adriatic and Ionian Seas, it faces Albania, Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, Greece, and Montenegro. Its capital city is Bari.
Mixed Doubles 2008 US Open Champions Cara Black Leander Paes Runners - up Liezel Huber Jamie Murray Final score 7 -- 6, 6 -- 4 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends men women mixed WC Singles men women quad WC Doubles men women quad ← 2007 US Open 2009 →
Mount Igikpak is the highest peak in the Schwatka Mountains region of the Brooks Range. It is also the tallest mountain in Gates of the Arctic National Park, located in the US state of Alaska. Some sources list the height of its summit at 8,510'. Mount Igikpak is in the south central part of the national park, very close to the source of the Noatak River and not far from the Arrigetch Peaks.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is a country situated in Southwest Asia, the largest country of Arabia, bordering the Persian Gulf and the Red Sea, north of Yemen. Its extensive coastlines on the Persian Gulf and Red Sea provide great leverage on shipping (especially crude oil) through the Persian Gulf and Suez Canal. The kingdom occupies 80% of the Arabian Peninsula. Most of the country's boundaries with the United Arab Emirates (UAE), Oman, and the Republic of Yemen (formerly two separate countries: the Yemen Arab Republic or North Yemen; and the People's Democratic Republic of Yemen or South Yemen) are undefined, so the exact size of the country remains unknown. The Saudi government estimate is at 2,217,949 square kilometres, while other reputable estimates vary between 2,149,690 and 2,240,000 sq. kilometres. Less than 1% of the total area is suitable for cultivation, and in the early 1990s, population distribution varied greatly among the towns of the eastern and western coastal areas, the densely populated interior oases, and the vast, almost empty deserts.
Homero Richards (born June 8, 1976) is a Mexican race car driver from Mexico City. Richards won back-to-back championships in the Panam GP Series (Latin American Formula Renault championship), in 2004 and 2005. He made his first and only Champ Car World Series start in 2005 at Autódromo Hermanos Rodríguez.
Cikampek is a district of Karawang Regency, West Java, Indonesia. It is divided into 10 administrative villages ("kelurahan"). Distance from the district centre Cikampek to Karawang is 21 miles.
Polemon II's father died in 8 BC. His mother then married King Archelaus of Cappadocia, and the family had moved to Cappadocia, where Polemon II was raised, along with his siblings, at the court of his stepfather. Archelaus died in 17, whereupon Polemon II and his mother moved back to Pontus. From 17 until 38, Polemon II lived as a private citizen in Pontus and assisted his mother in the administration of their realm. When his mother died in 38, Polemon II succeeded his mother as the sole ruler of Pontus, Colchis and Cilicia.
Harry Bath (28 November 1924 – 4 October 2008), born Alfred Henry Bath, also known by the nickname of "The Old Fox", was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach who was prominent and influential in the mid-20th century. A state and international representative who played 12 matches for Other Nationalities in the International Championship from 1949 to 1955, he played as a and has been referred to as the best Australian rugby league player never to be picked for the Australian national team. Following his retirement, Bath coached in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership for two decades, also achieving selection as the Australian national team coach.
Cristin Milioti (born August 16, 1985) is an American actress and vocalist. She has worked in Broadway theatre productions such as That Face, Stunning, and the Tony Award - winning musical Once. She also played the titular Mother on the sitcom How I Met Your Mother from 2013 to 2014, Teresa Petrillo Belfort in the 2013 film The Wolf of Wall Street, and Betsy Solverson in the second season of Fargo (2015). She has won a Grammy Award and has been nominated for a Tony Award.
Carver Ranches was a census-designated place (CDP) in Broward County, Florida, United States. The population was 4,299 at the 2000 census.
Gujarat Legislative Assembly or Gujarat Vidhan Sabha is the unicameral legislature of the Indian state of Gujarat. It is situated in the capital Gandhinagar. Presently, 182 members of the Legislative Assembly are directly elected from the single - seat constituencies and one member is nominated. It has term of 5 years unless it is dissolved sooner. 13 constituencies are reserved for scheduled castes and 27 constituencies for scheduled tribes.
Pangasinan School of Arts and Trades, also referred to as PSAT, is a government institution of technical vocation education and training higher learning located in Alvear Street, Lingayen, Pangasinan, Philippines. PSAT is duly registered by the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority. All PSAT programs are accredited by the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA).
Suraż, which has a long and rich history, and was a royal town in the Kingdom of Poland, currently is one of the smallest municipalities of the country, with a population of only 1012 (as of June 30, 2012).
In the past 20 years, several commercial streets have been developed, hence the nightlife has become more diverse: there are shopping malls opening late in the Xinjiekou CBD and Hunan Road. The well-established "Nanjing 1912" district hosts a wide variety of recreational facilities ranging from traditional restaurants and western pubs to dance clubs. There are two major areas where bars are densely located; one is in 1912 block; the other is along Shanghai road and its neighbourhood. Both are popular with international residents of the city.
Eugene Victor Debs (November 5, 1855 – October 20, 1926) was an American socialist, political activist, trade unionist, one of the founding members of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) and five times the candidate of the Socialist Party of America for President of the United States. Through his presidential candidacies as well as his work with labor movements, Debs eventually became one of the best-known socialists living in the United States.
"The Fall of Centauri Prime" is an episode from the fifth season of the science fiction television series "Babylon 5". This is a key episode in the series, as it marks the final downfall and story completion of Londo Mollari, one of the major characters on the series.
The Battle of Crysler's Farm, also known as the Battle of Crysler's Field, was fought on 11 November 1813, during the Anglo-American War of 1812 (the name "Chrysler's Farm" is sometimes used for the engagement, but "Crysler" is the proper spelling). A British and Canadian force won a victory over a US force which greatly outnumbered them. The US defeat prompted them to abandon the St. Lawrence Campaign, their major strategic effort in the autumn of 1813.
The city remained in the hands of Christian troops until 1102, when the Almoravids retook the city and restored the Muslim religion. Although the self-styled 'Emperor of All Spain', Alfonso VI of León and Castile, drove them from the city, he was not strong enough to hold it. The Christians set it afire before abandoning it, and the Almoravid Masdali took possession on 5 May 1109. The event was commemorated in a poem by Ibn Khafaja in which he thanked Yusuf ibn Tashfin for the city's liberation.The declining power of the Almoravids coincided with the rise of a new dynasty in North Africa, the Almohads, who seized control of the peninsula from the year 1145, although their entry into Valencia was deterred by Ibn Mardanis, King of Valencia and Murcia until 1171, at which time the city finally fell to the North Africans. The two Muslim dynasties would rule Valencia for more than a century.
Leading to the impeachment, Independent Counsel Ken Starr turned over documentation to the House Judiciary Committee. Chief Prosecutor David Schippers and his team reviewed the material and determined there was sufficient evidence to impeach the president. As a result, four charges were considered by the full House of Representatives; two passed, making Clinton the second president to be impeached, after Andrew Johnson in 1868, and only the third against whom articles of impeachment had been brought before the full House for consideration (Richard Nixon resigned from the presidency in 1974, while an impeachment process against him was underway).
Wim Peeters (22 August 1925 – 15 August 2011) was a South African sports shooter. He competed in the trap event at the 1960 Summer Olympics.
Laurens Reael (22 October 1583 – 21 October 1637) was an employee of the Dutch East India Company, Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 1616 to 1619, and an admiral of the Dutch Republican Navy from 1625 to 1627.
The National Hockey League (NHL; French: Ligue nationale de hockey -- LNH) is a professional ice hockey league in North America, currently comprising 31 teams: 24 in the United States and 7 in Canada. The NHL is considered to be the premier professional ice hockey league in the world, and one of the major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada. The Stanley Cup, the oldest professional sports trophy in North America, is awarded annually to the league playoff champion at the end of each season.
In object - oriented computer programming, the term SOLID is a mnemonic acronym for five design principles intended to make software designs more understandable, flexible and maintainable. The principles are a subset of many principles promoted by Robert C. Martin. Though they apply to any object - oriented design, the SOLID principles can also form a core philosophy for methodologies such as agile development or adaptive software development. The theory of SOLID principles was introduced by Martin in his 2000 paper Design Principles and Design Patterns, although the SOLID acronym itself was introduced later by Michael Feathers.
Currently, the army is divided into the Regular Army, the Army Reserve, and the Army National Guard. The army is also divided into major branches such as Air Defense Artillery, Infantry, Aviation, Signal Corps, Corps of Engineers, and Armor. Before 1903 members of the National Guard were considered state soldiers unless federalized (i.e., activated) by the President. Since the Militia Act of 1903 all National Guard soldiers have held dual status: as National Guardsmen under the authority of the governor of their state or territory and, when activated, as a reserve of the U.S. Army under the authority of the President.
Too Human is an action role-playing game developed by Canadian developer Silicon Knights and published by Microsoft Studios for the Xbox 360 in August 2008. The game is notable for having remained in development hell for almost ten years, originally planned for release on the Sony PlayStation in 1999. Development later went into the Nintendo GameCube in 2000, before eventually selling the rights to Microsoft in 2005 and becoming an Xbox 360 exclusive.
Loud Planes Fly Low is the fifth album by the American band The Rosebuds, released in 2011 on Merge Records.
Marcia Griffiths & Friends is a studio album by a Jamaican reggae female singer, Marcia Griffiths, released on October 30, 2012, under VP Records. No other female vocalist has charted hits in as wide a range of styles in the genre, and the album was released as a tribute to this great lady, Marcia Griffiths, a one of a kind of performer with a truly unique history in the music. Penthouse productions presents the album as two CD collection "Marcia Griffiths & Friends", with 38 duets recorded in collaboration with the label.
San Ardo (formerly, San Bernardo) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Monterey County, California, United States. San Ardo is located southeast of King City, at an elevation of 449 feet (137 m). The population was 517 at the 2010 census, up from 501 at the 2000 census.
Jonas Öberg (born 22 November 1977 in Norrköping, Sweden) is a free and open-source software activist, describing himself as an instigator in the world of free, having worked with the Free Software Foundation Europe, GNU Project, FSCONS, Creative Commons and the Shuttleworth Foundation. He started to develop software in 1991 and installed his first GNU/Linux operating system in 1993 after which he eventually joined as a webmaster for the GNU Project. In the late 1990s, he spent some time at the MIT AI Labs where he met with Richard Stallman and others from the Free Software Foundation, joining them for The Bazaar conference in New York. Since 2002, he has been on the award committee for the Free Software Foundation's Free Software Awards.
"...To Be Loved" is the first single from the band Papa Roach's fourth album, "The Paramour Sessions", and eighth released single in total. The song is a slight return to the band early work, starting with a rapping introduction, but as the introduction goes the rapping then goes into fast screaming making it different from the usual rapping of the band's early releases. Most of the song is singing with Jacoby singing in the verses and also choruses. The song follows the band's hard rock sound of their previous album. The song hit American radio stations on August 7, 2006. The song was played in full on Kerrang! Radio in the United Kingdom on August 1, 2006 and has since become available to download via the iTunes Store and Walmart Downloads store as a radio edit version. On September 18 the single became available in UK stores as a 7" vinyl picture disc with a complimentary Papa Roach sticker. The CD was released on October 11, 2006. The song was used as the official theme song for "WWE Raw" on the USA Network from October 9, 2006 to November 9, 2009. The song has risen to #8 on the "Mainstream Rock Tracks" and #14 on the "Modern Rock Tracks" and played during the theatrical trailer of the 2008 film Never Back Down.
The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, Ohio. The Browns compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the American Football Conference (AFC) North division. The Browns play their home games at FirstEnergy Stadium, which opened in 1999, with administrative offices and training facilities in Berea, Ohio. The Browns' official colors are brown, orange and white. They are unique among the 32 member franchises of the NFL in that they do not have a logo on their helmets and are the only team named after a specific person, original coach Paul Brown.
The Fox and the Hound is a 1981 American animated drama film produced by Walt Disney Productions and loosely based on the novel of the same name by Daniel P. Mannix. The film tells the story of two unlikely friends, a red fox named Tod and a hound dog named Copper, who struggle to preserve their friendship despite their emerging instincts and the surrounding social pressures demanding them to be adversaries. Directed by Ted Berman, Richard Rich and Art Stevens, the film included the voices of Mickey Rooney, Kurt Russell, Keith Mitchell and Corey Feldman.
``What a Beautiful Name ''is a song by Australian praise and worship group Hillsong Worship. It was released on 6 January 2017, as the lead single from their 25th live album, Let There Be Light (2016). The song was led and written by Brooke Ligertwood, and was co-written with Ben Fielding. It won two Dove Awards for Song of the Year and Worship Song of the Year in 2017. It is nominated for a 2018 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance / Song.
The president is the civilian Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States. He has the authority to command them to take appropriate military action in the event of a sudden crisis. However, only the Congress is explicitly granted the power to declare war per se, as well as to raise, fund and maintain the armed forces. Congress also has the duty and authority to prescribe the laws and regulations under which the armed forces operate, such as the Uniform Code of Military Justice, and requires that all Generals and Admirals appointed by the president be confirmed by a majority vote of the Senate before they can assume their office.
The 2016 Atlantic hurricane season was the first above - average and costliest hurricane season since 2012. The season officially started on June 1 and ended on November 30, though the first storm, Hurricane Alex which formed in the Northeastern Atlantic, developed on January 12, being the first hurricane to develop in January since 1938. The final storm, Otto, crossed into the Eastern Pacific on November 25, a few days before the official end. Following Alex, Tropical Storm Bonnie brought flooding to South Carolina and portions of North Carolina. Tropical Storm Colin in early June brought minor flooding and wind damage to parts of the Southeastern United States, especially Florida. Hurricane Earl left 94 fatalities in the Dominican Republic and Mexico, 81 of which occurred in the latter. In early September, Hurricane Hermine, the first hurricane to make landfall in Florida since Hurricane Wilma in 2005, brought extensive coastal flooding damage especially to the Forgotten and Nature coasts of Florida. Hermine was responsible for five fatalities and about $550 million (2016 USD) in damage.
Scott Richard Grimes (born July 9, 1971) is an American actor, voice artist, singer, and songwriter. Some of his most prominent roles include appearances in ER as Dr. Archie Morris, Party of Five as Will McCorkle, Band of Brothers as Technical Sergeant Donald Malarkey, and the animated sitcom American Dad!, voicing Steve Smith. He is also well known by cult movie fans for his role as Bradley Brown in the first two Critters films. As of September 10, 2017, he has been a regular on the Fox sci - fi comedy - drama The Orville.
The film is most notable for the presence of actresses who were later to become famous. Diana Dors, who appears as a beauty queen, was later marketed as the film's star. It also features Joan Collins in her film debut as an uncredited beauty contestant. Ruth Ellis, the last woman to be executed in England, also appears as an uncredited beauty queen. Ruth, who was four months pregnant at the time, had dyed her hair black and had styled it into a bob.
Scar is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' 32nd animated feature film The Lion King (1994). The character is voiced by Jeremy Irons while his singing voice is provided by both Irons and Jim Cummings, the latter of whom was hired to replace Irons when the former damaged his singing voice. Subsequently, Scar makes minor appearances in The Lion King II: Simba's Pride (1998) and The Lion King 11⁄2 (2004), in both of which he is voiced entirely by Cummings, as well as appearing in the Broadway musical adaptation of the film, in which the role of Scar was originated by John Vickery.
Hugo Dewar (9 August 1908 – June 1980) was a Trotskyist activist influential in founding many of the early British Trotskyist groups.
is a 2003 Greek film directed by Tassos Boulmetis and starring Georges Corraface as the character of the adult Fanis Iakovides. The character of Fanis Iakovides as a child is played by Markos Osse and the supporting role of Fanis's grandfather, Vassilis, is played by Tassos Bandis.
Tony Gunawan (; born 9 April 1975) is a Chinese descended, Indonesian-born badminton player and coach who excelled internationally for Indonesia and later for the United States.
Eleven states and two federal territories are located on the Malay Peninsula, collectively called Peninsular Malaysia (Semenanjung Malaysia) or West Malaysia. Two states  are on the island of Borneo, and the remaining one federal territory consists of islands offshore of Borneo; they are collectively referred to as East Malaysia or Malaysian Borneo. Out of the 13 states in Malaysia, 9 are hereditary monarchies.
Cape Herdman () is a broad ice-covered cape forming the southern entrance point to Violante Inlet, on the Black Coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica. The cape was photographed from the air in 1940 by the United States Antarctic Service; it was rephotographed from the air in 1947 by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition and, in conjunction with the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey surveyed from the ground. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee after Henry F.P. Herdman (1901–67), a British oceanographer who was a member of the scientific staff of the Discovery Investigations, 1924–49, and was later with the National Institute of Oceanography, 1949–67.
Bardwell Creek, an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment, is located in the southern suburbs of Sydney, in New South Wales, Australia.
Terry made his Chelsea debut on 28 October 1998 as a late substitute in a League Cup tie with Aston Villa; his first start came later that season in an FA Cup third round match, a 2 -- 0 win over Oldham Athletic. He spent a brief period on loan with Nottingham Forest in 2000 to build up his first team experience and was the subject of interest from both Forest manager David Platt and Huddersfield Town manager Steve Bruce.
Susie Bootja Bootja Napaltjarri (also referred to as Susie Bootja Bootja Napangardi, Napangarti, or Napangati) (c. 1935 – 16 January 2003) was an Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region. Born south-west of Balgo, Western Australia, in the 1950s Susie Bootja Bootja married artist Mick Gill Tjakamarra, with whom she had a son, Matthew Gill Tjupurrula (also an artist).
In 2003, Buena Vista Games pitched a concept for an Oswald - themed video game to Disney President and COO Bob Iger, who then became committed to bringing Oswald back to Disney. In 2006, nearly 80 years after the Disney studio broke away from Universal, The Walt Disney Company managed to acquire the intellectual property of Oswald and the catalog of Disney - produced Oswald films (with NBCUniversal effectively trading Oswald for the services of Al Michaels as play - by - play announcer on NBC Sunday Night Football).
Studies on income inequality and growth have sometimes found evidence confirming the Kuznets curve hypothesis, which states that with economic development, inequality first increases, then decreases. Economist Thomas Piketty challenges this notion, claiming that from 1914 to 1945 wars and "violent economic and political shocks" reduced inequality. Moreover, Piketty argues that the "magical" Kuznets curve hypothesis, with its emphasis on the balancing of economic growth in the long run, cannot account for the significant increase in economic inequality throughout the developed world since the 1970s.
Vi på Saltkråkan (We on Seacrow Island) is a Swedish TV series in 13 25-minute episodes from 1964. The script for the series was written by Astrid Lindgren, who later re-wrote it as a book, also titled "Vi på Saltkråkan" (published in English as "Seacrow Island" in 1964). Astrid Lindgren was closely involved in the filming and editing of the series, which took place on Norröra in the Stockholm archipelago. The series was produced and directed by Olle Hellbom.
Peter Short (born 20 June 1979 in Liverpool, England) was a rugby union footballer who played as a lock forward predominantly for Bath in the Aviva Premiership.
In the original city plan, the interstate buses should also stop at the Central Station. Because of the growth of Brasília (and corresponding growth in the bus fleet), today the interstate buses leave from the older interstate station (called Rodoferroviária), located at the western end of the Eixo Monumental. The Central Bus Station also contains a main metro station. A new bus station was opened in July 2010. It is on Saída Sul (South Exit) near Parkshopping Mall and with its metro station, and it's also an inter-state bus station, used only to leave the Federal District.
The Green Shack was a restaurant located on Fremont Street in Las Vegas, Nevada that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. It was opened by Mattie Jones and was famous for its fried chicken.
After ``Normal ''aired, internet sources began to summarize the rules for True American, which the characters described as a mix of a drinking game and Candy Land where the floor is lava; it also involves shouting the names of American presidents. The idea of True American came from a New Girl writer who played a similar game in college. As she could not remember the game's exact rules, the writers focused on making the game as funny on the page as possible, but only established chanting`` JFK! FDR!'' and walking on chairs. As the cast did not understand the game during shooting, the writers created more rules on the spot, advised the actors to ``have fun, dig in, jump in ''and play it as if`` they'd been playing this thing for years and years and years.'' The high - energy feel of the game and the amounts of coverage made filming True American more challenging for the actors than normal episodes. Producers Dave Finkel, Brett Baer, and writer Luvh Rakhe, came up with most of the obscure American history facts, but much was cut from the finished episode. Fox subsequently released a set of official rules for the game, which can be summarized ``There are no real rules ''. The characters also played True American in`` Cooler'', the 15th episode of the second season, in ``Mars Landing '', the 20th episode of the third season and in`` Wedding Eve'' the 21st episode of the fifth season.
Tranquille River is a river located in the Thompson Country region of British Columbia. The river is located on the north side of Kamloops Lake almost west of Kamloops, near Tranquille, Kamloops. The river was discovered as gold-bearing in 1852. The river has been mined and the total value of gold mined is estimated at $250,000.
Plymouth is served by Plymouth Hospitals NHS Trust and the city's NHS hospital is Derriford Hospital 4 miles (6 km) north of the city centre. The Royal Eye Infirmary is located at Derriford Hospital. South Western Ambulance Service NHS Foundation Trust operates in Plymouth and the rest of the south west; its headquarters are in Exeter.
The Skin of Our Teeth is a play by Thornton Wilder which won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama. It opened on October 15, 1942, at the Shubert Theatre in New Haven, Connecticut, before moving to the Plymouth Theatre on Broadway on November 18, 1942. It was produced by Michael Myerberg and directed by Elia Kazan. The play is a three-part allegory about the life of mankind, centering on the Antrobus family of the fictional town of Excelsior, New Jersey. The original production starred Tallulah Bankhead, Fredric March, Florence Eldridge, and Montgomery Clift. Bankhead won a Variety Award for Best Actress and the New York Drama Critics Award for Best Actress of the Year for her role as Sabina. When she left the production in March 1943, she was replaced by Miriam Hopkins. Hopkins was in turn replaced by Gladys George. For two performances, while George was ill, Lizabeth Scott, who had been Bankhead's understudy, was called in to play the role. Scott then played the role for the production's run in Boston. Originally billed in New York as "Elizabeth Scott", she dropped the "E" before taking the part in Boston, and it became her breakthrough role.
The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles. The Lakers compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA), as a member of the league's Western Conference in the Pacific Division. The Lakers play their home games at Staples Center, an arena shared with the NBA's Los Angeles Clippers, the Los Angeles Sparks of the Women's National Basketball Association, and the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League. The Lakers are one of the most successful teams in the history of the NBA, and have won 16 NBA championships (11 in Los Angeles), their most recent being in 2010.
José Miguel Cabrera Torres (born April 18, 1983), commonly known as Miguel Cabrera and nicknamed "Miggy", is a Venezuelan professional baseball player. He is the first baseman for the Detroit Tigers of Major League Baseball (MLB). Since his debut in 2003 he has been a two-time American League (AL) Most Valuable Player (MVP) award winner, a four-time AL batting champion, and an 11-time MLB All-Star. He has played at first and third base for most of his major league career, but primarily played left and right field before 2006. He claimed the 17th MLB Triple Crown in 2012, the first to do so in 45 seasons.
The seizure of the U.S. Navy ship and its 83 crew members, one of whom was killed in the attack, came less than a week after President Lyndon B. Johnson's State of the Union address to the United States Congress, just a week before the start of the Tet Offensive in South Vietnam during the Vietnam War, and only three days after 31 men of North Korea's KPA Unit 12 had crossed the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and killed 26 South Koreans in an attempt to attack the South Korean Blue House (executive mansion) in the capital Seoul. The taking of Pueblo and the abuse and torture of its crew during the subsequent 11 - month prisoner drama became a major Cold War incident, raising tensions between the western democracies and the Soviet Union and China.
Muhammad Ibn Abī Bakr Ibn Ayyub Ibn Sa'd Ibn Harīz Ibn Makkī Zayn al-Dīn al-Zur'ī (), al-Dimashqi (الدمشقي), with kunya of Abu Abdullah (أبو عبد الله), called Shams al-Dīn ( شمس الدین). He is usually known as Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyyah, after his father Abu Bakr Ibn Sa'd al-Zur'ī who was the superintendent ("qayyim") of the Jawziyyah Madrasah, the Hanbali law college in Damascus.
Anthony Veiller (23 June 1903 – 27 June 1965) was an American screenwriter and film producer. The son of the screenwriter Bayard Veiller and the English actress Margaret Wycherly, Anthony Veiller wrote for 41 films between 1934 and 1964.
"Fairly Legal" stars Sarah Shahi as Kate Reed, a young woman who changes her profession from lawyer to mediator and works at the San Francisco law firm her father started. As the series opens, Kate's father has just died, leaving his young widow Lauren in charge as Kate and the firm adjust to the loss.
Seeds from the Underground is a studio album by Kenny Garrett. It was released on April 10, 2012, on Mack Avenue Records and received two Grammy nominations in Best Jazz Instrumental Album and Best Improvised Jazz Solo categories, as well as a NAACP Image Award nomination in Outstanding Jazz Album category, a Soul Train Award nomination in Best Traditional Jazz Artist/Group category, a Jazz Awards nomination for Alto Saxophonist of the Year and an Echo Award win in the Saxophonist of the Year category.
Murder in Texas is a 1981 television film starring Katharine Ross, Sam Elliott, Farrah Fawcett, and Andy Griffith. The film was directed by William Hale, and was based on a true story; that was written for the TV screen by John McGreevey. It first aired on television in two parts on Sunday and Monday May 3-4, 1981.
The first motor bus service in the city was organised by the Madras Tramway Corporation between 1925 and 1928. Most motor bus service providers in the city were nationalised as per the 1939 Motor Vehicles Act. The Pallavan Transport Corporation was created on 1 January 1972 to serve Madras city. It had a fleet of 1029 buses. In 1994, Pallavan Transport Corporation was bifurcated into Dr. Ambedkar Transport Corporation Limited for northern Madras and Pallavan Transport Corporation Limited for southern Madras. The two were reunited in 2001 to form the Metropolitan Transport Corporation. The bus service, currently, plies about 4,000 buses on 622 routes, moves an estimated 5.038 million passengers each day.
Perdiguera is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2009 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 662 inhabitants.
Roger Murtaugh is a fictional character in the "Lethal Weapon" film series. Murtaugh was originally played by Danny Glover in all four films from 1987 to 1998, and later by Damon Wayans in the Fox television series from 2016 to 2019.
A mirrorless interchangeable lens camera (MILC) is called mirrorless since it does not have an optical mirror as in SLR (single lens reflex) cameras. Interchangeable lens means it has a capacity to interchange different lenses to shoot photos at different depths of field. MILC is a further evolution phase of SLR cameras in which the optical mirror is replaced with a digital mirror.
Principal photography on the film began on October 13, 2014, in Wilmington, North Carolina, and lasted through November 21. For the first three days, the crew and extras filmed at the Dockside Restaurant & Bar and Bridge Tender Marina along with actors, near Wrightsville Beach. On October 20, filming was taking place at Hanover Seaside Club in Wrightsville Beach. The production later moved to downtown Wilmington, where filming took place in a house.
The Yaté Dam is an arch dam on the Yaté River in Yaté commune of New Caledonia, France. The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supports a 68 MW power station. Plans for the project began in the early 1950s and the dam was designed by Coyne et Bellier. The owner and operator of the project, New Caledonian Society Energy (ENERCAL), was established on 27 August 1955 to implement the project. Construction began that year and the power station was commissioned in 1958. The dam and entire scheme was inaugurated by Jacques Soustelle, then Minister of State in charge of Overseas Departments, on 21 September 1959. It is the tallest dam and creates the largest reservoir in New Caledonia.
Zachary Adam Gordon (born February 15, 1998) is an American actor. Beginning his professional acting career at the age of eight, Gordon is a three time Young Artist Award Best Leading Young Actor nominee, best known for playing Greg Heffley in the first three films of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid film franchise, which are based on Jeff Kinney's # 1 New York Times best seller novel series, Diary of a Wimpy Kid.
Oklahoma is host to a diverse range of sectors including aviation, energy, transportation equipment, food processing, electronics, and telecommunications. Oklahoma is an important producer of natural gas, aircraft, and food. The state ranks third in the nation for production of natural gas, is the 27th-most agriculturally productive state, and also ranks 5th in production of wheat. Four Fortune 500 companies and six Fortune 1000 companies are headquartered in Oklahoma, and it has been rated one of the most business-friendly states in the nation, with the 7th-lowest tax burden in 2007.
The El Encanto fire was a terrorist attack in the form of an arson fire that destroyed a department store in central Havana on 13 April 1961.
Jenny Sarah Slate (born March 25, 1982) is an American comedian, actress, voice actress and author, best known for her role as Donna Stern in Obvious Child, as well as being the co-creator of the Marcel the Shell with Shoes On short films and children's book series. She is also known for being a cast member on Saturday Night Live for the 2009 / 10 season and for her appearances in shows such as House of Lies, Married, Parks and Recreation, Bob's Burgers, Hello Ladies, Kroll Show, and Girls.
The summit of the mountain is located within the ACT, and is the third highest mountain in the Territory. The ACT portion of the mountain is located in Bimberi Nature Reserve and Namadgi National Park and the NSW portion in Kosciuszko National Park. It is often climbed by bushwalkers from Corin Dam, as it is a few hours' hike. The mountain is close to the Ginini Flats Wetlands Ramsar Site.
He was a member of the Australian 4 × 100 m relay team that equalled the Australian record when they qualified for the finals at the 2012 London Olympics. In the final the team finished sixth. Ntiamoah also took a fourth place in the relay at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
In 1853, Victoria gave birth to her eighth child, Leopold, with the aid of the new anaesthetic, chloroform. Victoria was so impressed by the relief it gave from the pain of childbirth that she used it again in 1857 at the birth of her ninth and final child, Beatrice, despite opposition from members of the clergy, who considered it against biblical teaching, and members of the medical profession, who thought it dangerous. Victoria may have suffered from post-natal depression after many of her pregnancies. Letters from Albert to Victoria intermittently complain of her loss of self-control. For example, about a month after Leopold's birth Albert complained in a letter to Victoria about her "continuance of hysterics" over a "miserable trifle".
Protestants in general reject the veneration and invocation of the Saints.:1174 Protestants typically hold that Mary was the mother of Jesus, but was an ordinary woman devoted to God. Therefore, there is virtually no Marian veneration, Marian feasts, Marian pilgrimages, Marian art, Marian music or Marian spirituality in today's Protestant communities. Within these views, Roman Catholic beliefs and practices are at times rejected, e.g., theologian Karl Barth wrote that "the heresy of the Catholic Church is its Mariology".
Tocuyito is a city of Venezuela, capital of the Libertador Municipality in Carabobo State. It is part of the metropolitan area of Valencia. This city is considered the entry point to Valencia from the motorways that lead to the Southwest (Barquisimeto) and South (towards Cojedes).
Gordon Falcon is a New Zealand rugby league footballer who played rugby league professionally for the Penrith Panthers and rugby union for the New Zealand Māori and Hawke's Bay.
Fred W. Friendly (born Ferdinand Friendly Wachenheimer, October 30, 1915 – March 3, 1998) was a president of CBS News and the creator, along with Edward R. Murrow, of the documentary television program "See It Now". He originated the concept of public-access television cable TV channels.
Iceberg Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park, this peak lies at the south end of Rees Ridge. Mount Celeste lies at the north end of this ridge.
CDex is a free software package for Digital Audio Extraction from Audio CD (a so-called CD ripper) and audio format conversion for Microsoft Windows. It converts CDDA tracks from a CD to standard computer sound files, such as WAV, MP3, or Ogg Vorbis. CDex was previously released as free software under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL); however, although the website claims that this is still the case, no source code has been released since 2005. It was originally written by Albert L. Faber, and is developed and maintained by Georgy Berdyshev. Recent versions of the software may be compromised and a security threat.
The King's Speech is a 2010 British historical drama film directed by Tom Hooper and written by David Seidler. Colin Firth plays the future King George VI who, to cope with a stammer, sees Lionel Logue, an Australian speech and language therapist played by Geoffrey Rush. The men become friends as they work together, and after his brother abdicates the throne, the new king relies on Logue to help him make his first wartime radio broadcast on Britain's declaration of war on Germany in 1939.
The earliest extant arguments that the world of experience is grounded in the mental derive from India and Greece. The Hindu idealists in India and the Greek Neoplatonists gave panentheistic arguments for an all-pervading consciousness as the ground or true nature of reality. In contrast, the Yogācāra school, which arose within Mahayana Buddhism in India in the 4th century CE, based its "mind-only" idealism to a greater extent on phenomenological analyses of personal experience. This turn toward the subjective anticipated empiricists such as George Berkeley, who revived idealism in 18th-century Europe by employing skeptical arguments against materialism.
Kentucky defeated Kansas 67 - 59 to win their first national championship since Tubby Smith led the team there in 1998. This was Calipari's first national championship in four trips to the Final Four, having previously gone there with Kentucky in 2011, Memphis in 2008 and Massachusetts in 1996.
Lorenzo Richelmy (born 25 March 1990) is an Italian actor, best known to audiences outside of Italy for his performance as the title character in the Netflix original series "Marco Polo". Prior to being cast in the series, he appeared in several Italian television shows and films. He attended Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia, and was the youngest student ever admitted to the school.
Hermine Kittel (December 2, 1879 – April 7, 1948) was an Austrian contralto from Vienna. She studied singing with Amalie Materna in Vienna. She made her operatic debut in 1897 in Ljubljana. Kittle first sang under Gustav Mahler at the Vienna Hofoper (Vienna State Opera) and later premiered in a revision of "Ariadne auf Naxos". She sang at the Bayreuth Festival in 1902 and 1908, where she sang Erda in "Der Ring des Nibelungen". She also sang at the Salzburg Festival, where she often played Marcellina in "The Marriage of Figaro".
Xinhua and CCTV quoted relay spectators who condemned the protests, to a greater extent than most Western media, but did not quote any alternate viewpoints, providing no coverage of support for the protests by some ordinary citizens in Western countries. It quoted athletes who expressed pride at taking part in the relays, to a greater extent than Western media, but not those who, like Marie-José Pérec, expressed understanding and support for the protestors. The Beijing Organising Committee for the Games mentioned the "smiling faces of the elderly, children and the artists on the streets", of cheering and supportive Londoners. Xinhua said that protesters were "radicals" who "trampled human rights" and whose activities were condemned by "the people of the world who cordially love the Olympic spirit".
On July 16, 2014, federal judge Cormac J. Carney of the United States District Court ruled that California's death penalty system is unconstitutional because it is arbitrary and plagued with delay. The state has not executed a prisoner since 2006. The judge stated that the current system violates the Eighth Amendment's ban on cruel and unusual punishment by imposing a sentence that ``no rational jury or legislature could ever impose: life in prison, with the remote possibility of death. ''
On 7 June 1950, Kim Il - sung called for a Korea - wide election on 5 -- 8 August 1950 and a consultative conference in Haeju on 15 -- 17 June 1950. On 11 June, the North sent three diplomats to the South as a peace overture that Rhee rejected outright. On 21 June, Kim Il - Sung revised his war plan to involve a general attack across the 38th parallel, rather than a limited operation in the Ongjin peninsula. Kim was concerned that South Korean agents learned about the plans and South Korean forces were strengthening their defenses. Stalin agreed to this change of plan.
In 2011, documents obtained by WikiLeaks revealed that Beyoncé was one of many entertainers who performed for the family of Libyan ruler Muammar Gaddafi. Rolling Stone reported that the music industry was urging them to return the money they earned for the concerts; a spokesperson for Beyoncé later confirmed to The Huffington Post that she donated the money to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund. Later that year she became the first solo female artist to headline the main Pyramid stage at the 2011 Glastonbury Festival in over twenty years, and was named the highest-paid performer in the world per minute.
In Montevideo, as throughout the Rio de Plata region, the most popular forms of music are tango, milonga and vals criollo. Many notable songs originated in Montevideo including "El Tango supremo", La Cumparsita", La Milonga", "La Puñalada" and "Desde el Alma", composed by notable Montevideo musicians such as Gerardo Matos Rodríguez, Pintín Castellanos and Rosita Melo. Tango is deeply ingrained in the cultural life of the city and is the theme for many of the bars and restaurants in the city. Fun Fun' Bar, established in 1935, is one of the most important places for tango in Uruguay as is El Farolito, located in the old part of the city and Joventango, Café Las Musas, Garufa and Vieja Viola. The city is also home to the Montevideo Jazz Festival and has the Bancaria Jazz Club bar catering for jazz enthusiasts.
Suso Cecchi D'Amico (21 July 1914, Rome – 31 July 2010, Rome) was an Italian screenwriter and actress. She won the 1980 David di Donatello Award for lifetime career. She worked with virtually all of the most celebrated post-war Italian film directors, and wrote or co-wrote many award winning films—among them:
Death Note: Light Up the New World (デスノート Light up the NEW world, Desu Nōto Light up the NEW world) is a 2016 Japanese detective supernatural psychological horror thriller film directed by Shinsuke Sato. The film is based on the manga series Death Note written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata and is a sequel to Death Note 2: The Last Name (2006), but thematically takes place after the Death Note: New Generation mini series. It premiered in Japan on October 29, 2016, by Warner Bros.
It additionally places emphasis on their brother Rob Kardashian, their mother Kris Jenner, their step - parent Bruce Jenner (now known as Caitlyn Jenner), their half - sisters Kendall and Kylie Jenner, and Kourtney's now ex-boyfriend, Scott Disick. Khloé's ex-husband Lamar Odom developed a major position as part of the supporting cast in the fourth season, though he was not a regular cast member in following seasons, and rarely appeared in season eight while attempting to fix his marriage with Khloé. Along in season seven Kanye West became a recurring cast members after dating Kim then marrying her in season nine. In seasons eight and nine, Caitlyn's children Brody and Brandon, and Brandon's wife, Leah became recurring cast members.
Wade Hampton is a census-designated place (CDP) in Greenville County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 20,622 at the 2010 census. It is named for American Civil War general and South Carolina governor Wade Hampton.
Peter Antonovich of Brunswick-Lüneburg (1745–1798), was the second son of Duke Anthony Ulrich of Brunswick and Grand Duchess Anna Leopoldovna of Russia, and younger brother of Ivan VI.
The vagina is a fibromuscular (made up of fibrous and muscular tissue) canal leading from the outside of the body to the cervix of the uterus or womb. It is also referred to as the birth canal in the context of pregnancy. The vagina accommodates the male penis during sexual intercourse. Semen containing spermatazoa is ejaculated from the male at orgasm, into the vagina potentially enabling fertilization of the egg cell (ovum) to take place.
Dunn Center is a city in Dunn County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 146 at the 2010 census. Dunn Center was founded in 1914.
Robert Robinson Taylor (June 8, 1868 – December 13, 1942) was an American architect; the first accredited African-American architect. He was also the first African-American student enrolled at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1888. Additionally, he designed many of the buildings on the campus of Tuskegee University prior to 1932, and he served as second-in-command to its founder and first President, Booker T. Washington.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 28.70 square miles (74.33 km2), of which, 27.83 square miles (72.08 km2) of it is land and 0.87 square miles (2.25 km2) is water, much of which is part of the Huron River. Ann Arbor is about 35 miles (56 km) west of Detroit. Ann Arbor Charter Township adjoins the city's north and east sides. Ann Arbor is situated on the Huron River in a productive agricultural and fruit-growing region. The landscape of Ann Arbor consists of hills and valleys, with the terrain becoming steeper near the Huron River. The elevation ranges from about 750 feet (230 m) along the Huron River to 1,015 feet (309 m) on the city's west side, near the intersection of Maple Road and Pauline Blvd. Generally, the west-central and northwestern parts of the city and U-M's North Campus are the highest parts of the city; the lowest parts are along the Huron River and in the southeast. Ann Arbor Municipal Airport, which is south of the city at 42°13.38′N 83°44.74′W﻿ / ﻿42.22300°N 83.74567°W﻿ / 42.22300; -83.74567, has an elevation of 839 feet (256 m).
Although the emphasis is primarily on Ross and Demelza, there are many other characters with their own stories. In the first series we encounter Dr. Dwight Enys (Richard Morant in the first series, Michael Cadman in the second series), a young man with progressive ideas who prefers to serve the poor communities rather than the rich. Enys has a brief affair with a married actress, Keren Daniel (Sheila White), which results in her murder by her husband. By the end of the first series, Dwight has become involved with heiress Caroline Penvenen (Judy Geeson). In the second series, they marry following Ross's rescue of Dwight from a French prison.
Pola de Siero (in Asturian and as official name La Pola Siero, and also known as La Pola colloquially) is a town in the autonomous community of Asturias on the north coast of the Kingdom of Spain. It is the administrative capital of the municipality (concejo) of Siero. Pola de Siero is located in the centre of Asturias, approximately 16 km east of the regional Capital Oviedo and 16 km south of Gijón.
The Kadayawan Festival is an annual festival in the city of Davao in the Philippines. Its name derives from the friendly greeting "Madayaw", from the Dabawenyo word "dayaw", meaning good, valuable, superior or beautiful. The festival is a celebration of life, a thanksgiving for the gifts of nature, the wealth of culture, the bounties of harvest and serenity of living. It is held every third week of August.
Elaine H. Kim is a writer, editor and professor in Asian American Studies at the University of California, Berkeley. Some of her books are "Dangerous Women: Gender and Korean Nationalism" (co-editor with Chungmoo Choi); "Making More Waves: New Writing by Asian American Women" (co-editor with Lilia V. Villanueva and Asian Women United of California); and "East to America: Korean-American Life Stories" (co-editor with Eui-Young Yu). Kim has also produced several videos about Asian American women.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Luis, is located in the city of San Luis, capital city of San Luis Province in the Cuyo region of Argentina.
Alava is one of 28 parishes (administrative divisions) in Salas, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Hourui station () is an elevated station on Line 1 of the Shenzhen Metro in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China. The station opened on 15 June 2011.
Marius Weyers (born 3 February 1945, in Johannesburg) is a South African actor. He lives with his wife Yvette, an artist in her own right, in Rooi-Els in the Western Cape. He received international attention playing Andrew Steyn, a bumbling scientist in the movie "The Gods Must Be Crazy" (1980). He starred in "Blood Diamond" (2006).
The La Cantuta massacre, in which supposed members of Sendero Luminoso, a university professor and nine students from Lima's La Cantuta University were abducted by a military death squad, took place in Peru on 18 July 1992 during the presidency of Alberto Fujimori. The incident occurred two days after the Shining Path's Tarata bombing left over 40 dead in Lima Province.
The Gulf of Mexico formed approximately 300 million years ago as a result of plate tectonics. The Gulf's basin is roughly oval and is approximately 810 nautical miles (1,500 km; 930 mi) wide and floored by sedimentary rocks and recent sediments. It is connected to part of the Atlantic Ocean through the Florida Straits between the U.S. and Cuba, and with the Caribbean (with which it forms the American Mediterranean Sea) via the Yucatán Channel between Mexico and Cuba. With the narrow connection to the Atlantic, the Gulf experiences very small tidal ranges. The size of the Gulf basin is approximately 1.6 million km (615,000 sq mi). Almost half of the basin is shallow continental shelf waters. The basin contains a volume of roughly 2,500 quadrillion liters (550 quadrillion Imperial gallons, 660 quadrillion US gallons, 2.5 million km or 600,000 cu mi).
Advertising is common in healthcare journals as well as through more mainstream media routes. In some countries, notably the US, they are allowed to advertise directly to the general public. Pharmaceutical companies generally employ sales people (often called 'drug reps' or, an older term, 'detail men') to market directly and personally to physicians and other healthcare providers. In some countries, notably the US, pharmaceutical companies also employ lobbyists to influence politicians. Marketing of prescription drugs in the US is regulated by the federal Prescription Drug Marketing Act of 1987.
Cudahy ( ) is a city located in southeastern Los Angeles County, California. In terms of area, Cudahy is the second smallest city in Los Angeles County, after Hawaiian Gardens, but with one of the highest population densities of any incorporated city in the United States. It is part of the Gateway Cities region and had a population of 23,805 as of the 2010 U.S. Census.
Michigan Wolverines men's basketball 2018 -- 19 Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team University University of Michigan First season 1909 All - time record 1,474 -- 1,034 (. 588) Head coach John Beilein (12th season) Conference Big Ten Location Ann Arbor, Michigan Arena Crisler Center (Capacity: 12,707) Nickname Wolverines Student section Maize Rage Colors Maize and Blue Uniforms Home Away Alternate NCAA Tournament champions 1989 NCAA Tournament runner - up 1965, 1976, 1992 *, 1993 *, 2013, 2018 NCAA Tournament Final Four 1964, 1965, 1976, 1989, 1992 *, 1993 *, 2013, 2018 NCAA Tournament Elite Eight 1948, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1974, 1976, 1977, 1989, 1992, 1993 *, 1994, 2013, 2014, 2018 NCAA Tournament Sweet Sixteen 1964, 1965, 1966, 1974, 1976, 1977, 1988, 1989, 1992, 1993 *, 1994, 2013, 2014, 2017, 2018 NCAA Tournament appearances 1948, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1974, 1975, 1976, 1977, 1985, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1992, 1993 *, 1994, 1995, 1996 *, 1998 *, 2009, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2016, 2017, 2018 Conference tournament champions 1998 *, 2017, 2018 Conference regular season champions 1921, 1926, 1927, 1929, 1948, 1964, 1965, 1966, 1974, 1977, 1985, 1986, 2012, 2014 * vacated by NCAA
The Grand Canyon of the Tuolumne is the notable canyon section of the river valley of the Tuolumne River, located within Yosemite National Park, in Tuolumne County and the Sierra Nevada, California.
Aagadu () is a 2014 Indian Telugu-language action comedy film directed by Srinu Vaitla. Written by Anil Ravipudi, Upendra Madhav and Praveen Varma, the film was jointly produced by Ram Achanta, Gopi Achanta, and Anil Sunkara under their banner 14 Reels Entertainment. It features Mahesh Babu and Tamannaah in the lead roles and Rajendra Prasad, Sonu Sood, Brahmanandam, and M. S. Narayana in supporting roles. Shruti Haasan made a special appearance in the film by performing an item number.
The Mayor of the City of Jersey City is the head of the executive branch of government of Jersey City, New Jersey, United States. The mayor has the duty to enforce the municipal charter and ordinances; prepare the annual budget; appoint deputy mayors, department heads, and aides; and approve or veto ordinances passed by the City Council. The mayor is popularly elected in a nonpartisan general election. The office is held for a four - year term without term limits, although the current term is a four - and - a-half - year term, due to a change in election dates.
The Journal of Chemometrics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1987 by John Wiley & Sons. It publishes original scientific papers, reviews, and short communications on fundamental and applied aspects of chemometrics. The current editor-in-chief is Paul J. Gemperline (East Carolina University).
Fort Mary surrendered on the 19th, and Andros was moved there from Usher's house.  He was confined with Joseph Dudley and other dominion officials until June 7, when he was transferred to Castle Island.  A story circulated widely that he had attempted an escape dressed in women's clothing. This was disputed by Boston's Anglican minister Robert Ratcliff, who claimed that such stories had "not the least foundation of Truth" but were "falsehoods and lies" propagated to "render the Governour odious to his people".  Andros did make a successful escape from Castle Island on August 2 after his servant bribed the sentries with liquor.  He managed to flee to Rhode Island but was recaptured soon after and kept in what was virtually solitary confinement.  He and others arrested in the wake of the revolt were held for 10 months before being sent to England for trial.  Massachusetts agents in London refused to sign the documents listing the charges against Andros, so he was summarily acquitted and released.  He later served as governor of Virginia and Maryland.
David Merrill Markson (December 20, 1927 – c. June 4, 2010) was an American novelist. He was the author of several postmodern novels, including "Springer's Progress", "Wittgenstein's Mistress", and "Reader's Block". His final book, "The Last Novel", published in 2007, was called "a real tour de force" by "The New York Times".
The Shortgrass Library System consists of fourteen member public libraries in Southeast Alberta, Canada. The system headquarters is located in Medicine Hat. It has the distinction of being the first regional library system in the province of Alberta to have all eligible municipalities as members of a library system. Shortgrass was created by the Alberta government in 1988 as the fifth library system in the province.
After their Champions League wins in 1999 and 2008, Manchester United also competed as UEFA's representatives at the 2000 FIFA Club World Championship and the 2008 FIFA Club World Cup. They were knocked out of the 2000 tournament at the group stage, but went on to win the 2008 competition, becoming the first English side to do so.
Shake, Rattle & Roll XV is a 2014 Filipino horror anthology film and the final installment of the franchise directed by Dondon Santos, Jerrold Tarog, and Perci Intalan. The film stars an ensemble cast including Erich Gonzales, JC de Vera, Carla Abellana, Dennis Trillo, Lovi Poe, and Matteo Guidicelli.
Pulaski High School is a public high school in Pulaski, Wisconsin, in Brown County, Wisconsin (school district also serves parts of Shawano, Outagamie and Oconto counties), that serves students in grades 9 through 12. Its mascot is the Red Raider.
Dobjoi is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China north east of Shigatse. It lies at an altitude of 4,410 metres (14,471 feet).
The Marshall Plan (officially the European Recovery Program, ERP) was an American initiative to aid Western Europe, in which the United States gave over $13 billion (nearly $140 billion in 2017 dollars) in economic assistance to help rebuild Western European economies after the end of World War II. The plan was in operation for four years beginning on April 8, 1948. The goals of the United States were to rebuild war - torn regions, remove trade barriers, modernise industry, improve European prosperity, and prevent the spread of Communism. The Marshall Plan required a lessening of interstate barriers, a dropping of many regulations, and encouraged an increase in productivity, trade union membership, as well as the adoption of modern business procedures.
The German Castles Association () or DBV is dedicated to the conservation of historic defensive and residential buildings as witnesses of history and culture and has its headquarters at Marksburg Castle above Braubach on the Rhine. It owns the organisation known as the European Castles Institute ("Europäisches Burgeninstitut") or (EBI) whose library and archives are housed in Philippsburg Palace in Braubach.
Duncan Lake is a man-made reservoir lake in the Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada, formed by Duncan Dam and about 45 km in length. It is fed by the Duncan River, which forms part of the boundary between the Selkirk Mountains to the west and the Purcell Mountains to the east. Below Duncan Dam is the head of Kootenay Lake.
On October 24, 2017, Avatar released a new single called ``A Statue of the King '', along with the announcement that they will release their seventh album,`` Avatar Country'', on January 12, 2018. It was also announced the dates of the new Avatar tour, Called ``Avatar Country Tour '', which starts in January 2018 in North America and arrives in Europe in March of the same year.
In the Kingdom of England, the Glorious Revolution of 1688 led to a constitutional monarchy restricted by laws such as the Bill of Rights 1689 and the Act of Settlement 1701, although limits on the power of the monarch ('a limited monarchy') are much older than that (see Magna Carta). At the same time, in Scotland the Convention of Estates enacted the Claim of Right Act 1689, which placed similar limits on the Scottish monarchy.
Rank Name Sex Age Birth Notes Dory Funk Jr. 7004280100000000000 ♠ 76 years, 251 days February 3, 1941 Still wrestles in his own promotion Funking Conservatory and various independent promotions in Japan. Great Kojika 7004275610000000000 ♠ 75 years, 167 days April 28, 1942 Still wrestles for Big Japan Pro Wrestling. Bushwhacker Luke 7004258450000000000 ♠ 70 years, 277 days January 8, 1947 Wrestles independent shows as of 2017 Nikolai Volkoff 7004255660000000000 ♠ 69 years, 363 days October 14, 1947 Wrestled independent shows in the US and Canada as of June 2017. 5 Great Kabuki 7004252360000000000 ♠ 69 years, 34 days September 8, 1948 Most recent match took place on May 21, 2017, in Japan for All Japan Pro Wrestling. 6 Mitsuo Momota 7004252230000000000 ♠ 69 years, 21 days September 21, 1948 Most recent match took place at the Wrestle - 1 card on May 14, 2017, in Japan. 7 Yoshiaki Fujiwara 7004250050000000000 ♠ 68 years, 168 days April 27, 1949 Makes occasional appearances in Japan as of 2017. 8 Kevin Sullivan 7004248230000000000 ♠ 67 years, 351 days October 26, 1949 Most recent match took place on June 9, 2017 at H2O Wrestling in Williamstown, New Jersey. 9 Jerry Lawler 7004247890000000000 ♠ 67 years, 317 days November 29, 1949 Wrestles in independent shows and is currently a color commentator for WWE. 10 Gran Hamada 7004244260000000000 ♠ 66 years, 319 days November 27, 1950 Makes occasional appearances in Japan as of 2017.
Khong Island or Don Khong is the largest island and the seat of administration in the Si Phan Don riverine archipelago located in the Mekong River, Khong District, Champasak Province, southern Laos.
Born in Dallas, Texas, Sasser graduated from Justin F. Kimball High School and played college basketball at Southern Methodist University. He was selected by the Orlando Magic as the 22nd pick in the 2001 NBA Draft. In two seasons for the Magic (his only in the NBA) he averaged 2.5 points per game.
Ralph de Toledano (1916–2007) was a 20th-century American writer in the conservative movement in the United States throughout the second half of the 20th century. A friend of Richard Nixon, he was a journalist and editor of "Newsweek" and the "National Review", and the author of 26 books, including two novels and a book of poetry. Besides his political contributions, he also wrote about music, particularly jazz.
Shaun Morgan Welgemoed ((ˈveːl. χɐmut), born on December 21, 1978), known publicly as Shaun Morgan, is a South African musician, singer, songwriter and guitarist for the South African rock band Seether.
Judi Dench as Queen Victoria Ali Fazal as Abdul Karim Eddie Izzard as Bertie, Prince of Wales Adeel Akhtar as Mohammed Tim Pigott - Smith as Sir Henry Ponsonby Olivia Williams as Jane Spencer, Baroness Churchill Fenella Woolgar as Miss Phipps Paul Higgins as Sir James Reid, Physician to the Queen Robin Soans as Arthur Bigge Julian Wadham as Alick Yorke Simon Callow as Mr. Puccini Michael Gambon as Lord Salisbury
Whose Line Is It Anyway? (often known as simply Whose Line?) is an American improvisational comedy show, which was originally hosted by Drew Carey on ABC and ABC Family and ran from August 5, 1998 to December 15, 2007. A revival of the show, hosted by Aisha Tyler, began airing on The CW on July 16, 2013.
William Mark Fagerbakke (/ ˈfeɪɡərbɑːki /; born October 4, 1957) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for his long - running roles as Patrick Star in the animated series SpongeBob SquarePants and Michael ``Dauber ''Dybinski on the sitcom Coach. He also appeared in 12 episodes of the sitcom How I Met Your Mother as Marshall Eriksen's father Marvin.
Leo A. Harris (August 6, 1904 – April 22, 1990) was an American athlete, coach, and athletic director. He played college football at Stanford University, coached football and basketball at Fresno State College, and was the first athletic director for the University of Oregon, bringing success to a financially troubled system. He was also known for his handshake deal with Walt Disney that permitted the University of Oregon to use the likeness of Donald Duck as the basis for its mascot, the Oregon Duck.
Diane Bernstein Kunz (born November 9, 1952 in Queens, New York) is an American author, historian, and lawyer from Durham, North Carolina, and executive director of a not-for-profit adoption advocacy group, the Center for Adoption Policy. She is the author of "Butter and Guns" (1997), an overview of America's Cold War economic diplomacy.
New Era Windows is an American worker cooperative formed by Chicago union members seeking to purchase their workplace, a window manufacturing plant located on Goose Island.
``She's Out of My Life ''is a song written by American songwriter Tom Bahler and performed by American recording artist Michael Jackson. Although it has been claimed that Bahler wrote the song about Karen Carpenter, Bahler stated,`` The fact is, I had already written that song by the time Karen and I became romantic. That song was written more about Rhonda Rivera... Rhonda and I had been together for two years, and it was after we broke up that I started dating Karen.'' The song has been covered by a variety of artists, including Patti LaBelle, Ginuwine, 98 °, S Club 7, Barbara Mandrell, Daniel Evans, Nina, Willie Nelson, Josh Groban, and Karel Gott.
Jim and Pam marry early in the season, at Niagara Falls, during the highly anticipated, hour long episode, ``Niagara ''. The ending of the episode, in which their co-workers dance down the aisle, is an imitation of a viral YouTube video -- JK Wedding Entrance Dance. Following the wedding, a multi-episode story arc begins in which it is revealed that Michael hooked up with Pam's mother the night of the wedding. The two break up during`` Double Date'', an episode that ends with Pam slapping Michael in response to his actions.
The Islamic conquests reached their peak in the mid-8th century. The defeat of Muslim forces at the Battle of Poitiers in 732 led to the reconquest of southern France by the Franks, but the main reason for the halt of Islamic growth in Europe was the overthrow of the Umayyad dynasty and its replacement by the Abbasid dynasty. The Abbasids moved their capital to Baghdad and were more concerned with the Middle East than Europe, losing control of sections of the Muslim lands. Umayyad descendants took over the Iberian Peninsula, the Aghlabids controlled North Africa, and the Tulunids became rulers of Egypt. By the middle of the 8th century, new trading patterns were emerging in the Mediterranean; trade between the Franks and the Arabs replaced the old Roman patterns of trade. Franks traded timber, furs, swords and slaves in return for silks and other fabrics, spices, and precious metals from the Arabs.
Betty to the Rescue is a 1917 American comedy silent film directed by Frank Reicher and written by Beatrice DeMille and Leighton Osmun. The film stars Fannie Ward, Jack Dean, Lillian Leighton, James Neill, Charles West and Taylor N. Duncan. The film was released on January 15, 1917, by Paramount Pictures.
Care Bears: Journey to Joke-a-lot is a 2004 children's animated feature film, produced by Nelvana Limited and released by Lions Gate Home Entertainment. Directed by Mike Fallows and written by Jeffrey Alan Schecter, this was the fourth film to star the Care Bears and their first in 17 years. This was also the first one in the franchise to be computer-animated.
In the American Old West, policing was often of very poor quality.[citation needed] The Army often provided some policing alongside poorly resourced sheriffs and temporarily organized posses.[citation needed] Public organizations were supplemented by private contractors, notably the Pinkerton National Detective Agency, which was hired by individuals, businessmen, local governments and the federal government. At its height, the Pinkerton Agency's numbers exceeded those of the United States Army.[citation needed]
Minsk Region or Minsk Voblasć or Minsk Oblast (, "Minskaja vobłasć" ; , "Minskaja oblastj") is one of the regions of Belarus. Its administrative center is Minsk, although it is a separate administrative territorial entity of Belarus. As of 2011, the region's population is 1,411,500.
Other important industries are financial services, especially mutual funds and insurance. Boston-based Fidelity Investments helped popularize the mutual fund in the 1980s and has made Boston one of the top financial cities in the United States. The city is home to the headquarters of Santander Bank, and Boston is a center for venture capital firms. State Street Corporation, which specializes in asset management and custody services, is based in the city. Boston is a printing and publishing center — Houghton Mifflin Harcourt is headquartered within the city, along with Bedford-St. Martin's Press and Beacon Press. Pearson PLC publishing units also employ several hundred people in Boston. The city is home to three major convention centers—the Hynes Convention Center in the Back Bay, and the Seaport World Trade Center and Boston Convention and Exhibition Center on the South Boston waterfront. The General Electric Corporation announced in January 2016 its decision to move the company's global headquarters to the Seaport District in Boston, from Fairfield, Connecticut, citing factors including Boston's preeminence in the realm of higher education.
Jersey Shore is an American reality television series which ran on MTV from December 3, 2009 to December 20, 2012 in the United States. The series follows the lives of eight housemates spending their summer at the Jersey Shore in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Season 2 followed the cast escaping the cold northeast winter to Miami Beach, Florida, with Season 3 returning to the Jersey Shore. The fourth season, filmed in Italy, premiered on August 4, 2011. The show returned for a fifth season, at Seaside Heights, New Jersey on January 5, 2012. The fifth - season finale aired on March 15, 2012. On March 19, 2012, MTV confirmed that the series would return for their sixth season. On August 30, 2012, MTV announced that the Jersey Shore would end after the sixth season, which premiered on October 4. The series finale aired on December 20, 2012.
The Leader of Opposition (LOP) in Uganda is the title bestowed upon the elected leader of the largest political party not within the ruling government. The Leader of Opposition appoints and heads an alternative Shadow Cabinet whose duty is to challenge and influence government legislation on the floor of Parliament The current Leader of Opposition and first Ugandan female to hold the position is Hon. Winnie Kiiza of the Forum for Democratic Change. The Opposition in Uganda is made up of members from Forum for Democratic Change, Democratic Party, Uganda People's Congress, Congress Party and JEEMA.
Jeanne de Béthune, Viscountess of Meaux, Countess of Ligny (c.1397- late 1450), was a French noblewoman, the suo jure Viscountess of Meaux, having inherited the title upon her father's death in 1408. Her father was Robert VIII de Béthune, Viscount of Meaux. Jeanne married twice; firstly to Robert of Bar, and secondly John II of Luxembourg, Count of Ligny who held Joan of Arc prisoner following her capture by the Burgundians in May 1430. Jeanne was one of the three women who cared for Joan during her imprisonment.
Comdial was founded in Oregon in 1977 as a telecommunications research firm. On October 1, 1982 it acquired the telephone manufacturing division of General Dynamics for $53.7 million, gaining the company a major product design and manufacturing operation located in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The Wichita City Carnegie Library Building located at 220 S. Main Street in Wichita, Kansas, Sedgwick County, Kansas, United States, is a Carnegie library built in 1915. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987. The two-story, limestone Beaux Arts building stands in the southwestern part of Wichita's central business district, directly south of the old City Hall. Its façade orientation is west. The building measures approximately one hundred and twenty-eight feet from north to south and eighty-three feet from east to west. After the completion of Wichita's present library in 1966, the Wichita City Carnegie Library Building served as city offices and the municipal court until the Wichita Omnisphere and Science Center established its tenancy in 1976, followed by changing tenants.
Avicenna was a devout Muslim and sought to reconcile rational philosophy with Islamic theology. His aim was to prove the existence of God and His creation of the world scientifically and through reason and logic. Avicenna's views on Islamic theology (and philosophy) were enormously influential, forming part of the core of the curriculum at Islamic religious schools until the 19th century. Avicenna wrote a number of short treatises dealing with Islamic theology. These included treatises on the prophets (whom he viewed as "inspired philosophers"), and also on various scientific and philosophical interpretations of the Quran, such as how Quranic cosmology corresponds to his own philosophical system. In general these treatises linked his philosophical writings to Islamic religious ideas; for example, the body's afterlife.
The Bukhan River (North Han River) is a tributary of the Han River that flows through both North and South Korea. It traverses Kangwon province in North Korea and Gangwon and Gyeonggi provinces in South Korea.
CIBX-FM is a radio station in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada, broadcasting at 106.9 FM. The station is owned by Bell Media and plays a Top 40 radio format branded on-air as "Capital FM". (Fredericton is the capital city of the Province of New Brunswick.)
Sichuan was China's most populous province before Chongqing became a directly-controlled municipality; it is currently the fourth most populous, after Guangdong, Shandong and Henan. As of 1832, Sichuan was the most populous of the 18 provinces in China, with an estimated population at that time of 21 million. It was the third most populous sub-national entity in the world, after Uttar Pradesh, India and the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic until 1991, when the Soviet Union was dissolved. It is also one of the only six to ever reach 100 million people (Uttar Pradesh, Russian RSFSR, Maharashtra, Sichuan, Bihar and Punjab). It is currently 10th.
Metapad is an open-source text editor for Microsoft Windows 9x/NT/XP/Vista/7, developed by Alexander Davidson since 1999. The aim of Metapad is to provide a near drop-in replacement of Notepad in Windows. Metapad was distributed as freeware for the first ten years of its existence. On March 20, 2009, the 10th anniversary of its initial release, the Metapad source code was released under the GNU General Public License version 3.
Pyar Ka Devta () is a 1991 Hindi language Indian film directed by Kovelamudi Bapayya, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Madhuri Dixit, and Nirupa Roy.
Tito has also been named as responsible for systematic eradication of the ethnic German (Danube Swabian) population in Vojvodina by expulsions and mass executions following the collapse of the German occupation of Yugoslavia at the end of World War II, in contrast to his inclusive attitude towards other Yugoslav nationalities.
The tournament was won by host country France, who beat defending champions Brazil 3 -- 0 in the final. France won their first title, becoming the seventh nation to win a World Cup, and the sixth (after Uruguay, Italy, England, West Germany and Argentina) to win the tournament on home soil. Croatia, Jamaica, Japan and South Africa made their first appearances in the finals.
The world record in the mile run is the best mark set by a male or female runner in the middle - distance track and field event. The IAAF is the official body which oversees the records. Hicham El Guerrouj is the current men's record holder with his time of 3: 43.13, while Svetlana Masterkova has the women's record of 4: 12.56. Since 1976, the mile has been the only non-metric distance recognized by the IAAF for record purposes.
Zinf is a free audio player for Unix-like and Windows operating systems . Zinf is released under the GNU General Public License.
"The Horse" is an American instrumental song by Cliff Nobles and Company. It was released as the B-side of the single "Love is All Right" and is simply an instrumental version of that song. It peaked at #2 on both the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart (in June 1968) and the US "Billboard" R&B chart.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers football program represents the University of Minnesota in college football at the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) level. Founded in 1882, the program is one of the oldest in college football. Minnesota has been a member of the Big Ten Conference since its inception in 1896 as the Western Conference. The Golden Gophers claim seven national championships: 1904, 1934, 1935, 1936, 1940, 1941, and 1960. Since 2009, the Gophers have played all their home games at TCF Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In January 2017, the Gophers fired head coach Tracy Claeys and hired former Western Michigan head coach P.J. Fleck as the new head coach.
William Alan ``Will ''Friedle (born August 11, 1976) is an American actor and voice actor. He is best known for his comedic roles, most notably the underachieving elder brother Eric Matthews on the long - running TV sitcom Boy Meets World from 1993 to 2000. More recently, he has voiced a number of animated characters such as Terry McGinnis / Batman, the title character of Batman Beyond, and Ron Stoppable of Kim Possible. He voices Deadpool in Ultimate Spider - Man and Star - Lord in the animated version of Guardians of the Galaxy, replacing Chris Cox. He also performed the voices of Doyle in The Secret Saturdays, Lion - O in the rebooted ThunderCats series, and Blue Beetle on Batman: The Brave and the Bold. One of his most recent roles has been the speaking voice of Bumblebee in the final episode of Transformers: Prime and the movie Transformers Prime Beast Hunters: Predacons Rising and in the sequel series Transformers: Robots in Disguise, as well as in Transformers: Rescue Bots.
As per the Constitution, as held by the court in the Three Judges' Cases -- (1982, 1993, 1998), a judge is appointed to the Supreme Court by the President of India on the recommendation of the collegium -- a closed group of the Chief Justice of India, the four most senior judges of the court and the senior-most judge hailing from the high court of a prospective appointee. This has resulted in a Memorandum of Procedure being followed, for the appointments.
The 1984 PGA Championship was the 66th PGA Championship, held August 16–19 at Shoal Creek Golf and Country Club in Birmingham, Alabama. Lee Trevino shot four rounds in the 60s to win his second PGA Championship and sixth and final major title, four strokes ahead of runners-up Gary Player and Lanny Wadkins.
In the Bible, Lot's wife is a figure first mentioned in Genesis 19. The Book of Genesis describes how she became a pillar of salt after she looked back at Sodom. She is called ``Ado ''or`` Edith'' in some Jewish traditions, but is not named in the Bible. She is also referred to in the deuterocanonical books at Wisdom 10: 7 and the New Testament at Luke 17: 32. Islamic accounts also talk about the wife of Prophet Lut (Lot) when mentioning 'People of Lut'.
The names Atlas bear and African bear ("Ursus arctos crowtheri") have been applied to an extinct population or populations of the brown bear in North Africa. The Cantabrian brown bear likely was introduced to Africa from Spain by the Romans who imported Iberian bears for spectacles.
Balance of Power is a computer strategy game of geopolitics during the Cold War, created by Chris Crawford and published in 1985 on the Macintosh by Mindscape, followed by ports to a variety of platforms over the next two years.
The Daughter of Rosie O'Grady is a 1950 musical film directed by David Butler. It stars June Haver and Gordon MacRae. The story is mostly about the lives of musical performers in New York in the closing years of the 19th century. Most of the songs were written for the movie, but "Rose of Tralee" dates from the 19th century, and the song "The Daughter of Rosie O'Grady" dates from 1917.
South Sudan was eventually approved for membership to the bloc in March 2016, and signed a treaty of accession in April 2016. It had six months to ratify the agreement, which it did on 5 September, at which point it formally acceded to the community. It does not yet participate to the same extent as the other members.
The Basic Law of the Federal Republic of Germany, the federal constitution, stipulates that the structure of each Federal State's government must "conform to the principles of republican, democratic, and social government, based on the rule of law" (Article 28). Most of the states are governed by a cabinet led by a Ministerpräsident (Minister-President), together with a unicameral legislative body known as the Landtag (State Diet). The states are parliamentary republics and the relationship between their legislative and executive branches mirrors that of the federal system: the legislatures are popularly elected for four or five years (depending on the state), and the Minister-President is then chosen by a majority vote among the Landtag's members. The Minister-President appoints a cabinet to run the state's agencies and to carry out the executive duties of the state's government.
John Nygren (born February 27, 1964) is an American insurance and financial services agent, former restaurateur, and Republican politician from Marinette, Wisconsin. He has served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly's 89th Assembly District (portions of Marinette, Oconto and Brown counties) since 2007. At the beginning of the 2013–2014 legislature, Nygren was named the Assembly Co-Chairman of the Joint Committee on Finance.
.cs was for several years the country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for Czechoslovakia. However, the country split into the Czech Republic and Slovakia in 1993, and the two new countries were soon assigned their own ccTLDs: .cz and .sk respectively. The use of .cs was gradually phased out, and the ccTLD was deleted some time around January 1995.
Mercer and Mancini wrote the song for Audrey Hepburn to sing in the film Breakfast at Tiffany's. The lyrics, written by Mercer, are reminiscent of his childhood in Savannah, Georgia, including its waterways. As a child, he had picked huckleberries in summer, and connected them with a carefree childhood and Mark Twain's Huckleberry Finn. Although an instrumental version is played over the film's opening titles, the lyrics are first heard in a scene where Paul ``Fred ''Varjak (George Peppard) discovers Holly Golightly (Hepburn) singing the song, and accompanying herself on the guitar, while sitting on the fire escape outside their apartments.
Please Please Me is the debut studio album by English rock band the Beatles. Parlophone rush - released the album on 22 March 1963 in the United Kingdom to capitalise on the success of their singles ``Please Please Me ''(No. 1 on most lists though only No. 2 on Record Retailer) and`` Love Me Do'' (No. 17).
Cacharel designs are characteristic for their youthful style, femininity, lightness, refinement and use of bright colours. The presentation of the first blouse collection in Paris brought attention for its cheerfulness and the modern vision of women that it represented. The introduction of the seersucker blouse and a front cover in ELLE magazine in 1963 launched Cacharel onto the international stage.
American actor Barry Nelson was the first to portray Bond on screen, in a 1954 television adaptation, ``Casino Royale ''. In 1961 Eon Productions began work on Dr. No, an adaptation of the novel of the same name. The result was a film that spawned a series of twenty - four films produced by Eon Productions and two independent films. After considering the likes of`` refined'' English actors such as Cary Grant and David Niven, the producers cast Sean Connery as Bond in the film. Fleming was appalled at the selection of the uncouth, 31 - year - old Scottish actor, considering him to be the antithesis of his character. However, Connery's physical prowess and sexual magnetism in the role came to be closely identified with the character, with Fleming ultimately changing his view on Connery and incorporating aspects of his portrayal into the books.
The Salem witch trials were a series of hearings and prosecutions of people accused of witchcraft in colonial Massachusetts between February 1692 and May 1693. More than 200 people were accused, nineteen of which were found guilty and executed by hanging (fourteen women and five men). One other man was pressed to death for refusing to plead, and at least five people died in jail. It was the deadliest witch hunt in the history of the United States.
In the Midrash compilation, Genesis Rabbah, Rabbi Berechiah mentions Ashkenaz, Riphath, and Togarmah as German tribes or as German lands. It may correspond to a Greek word that may have existed in the Greek dialect of the Palestinian Jews, or the text is corrupted from "Germanica." This view of Berechiah is based on the Talmud (Yoma 10a; Jerusalem Talmud Megillah 71b), where Gomer, the father of Ashkenaz, is translated by Germamia, which evidently stands for Germany, and which was suggested by the similarity of the sound.
Lost in the Dream is the third studio album by American indie rock band The War on Drugs, released on March 18, 2014 through Secretly Canadian. The recording session, which took place over a two-year period, was characterized by numerous rewrites. The album's lyrical themes were influenced by the loneliness and depression Granduciel faced after he finished touring. Musically, the record was inspired by 1980s rock, as well as Americana, with influences coming from Bruce Springsteen, Spacemen 3 and Neil Young & Crazy Horse.
Graf was born in Berg in the Kingdom of Bavaria, situated in the picturesque landscape around Lake Starnberg near Munich. He was the ninth child of the baker Max Graf and his wife Therese (née Heimrath), a farmer's daughter. From 1900 on he went to the state school in Aufkirchen, in the municipality of Berg. After his father died in 1906, he learned the baker's trade and worked for his brother Max, who had taken over their father's bakery.
Derrynane are a Gaelic Athletic Association club from County Kerry, Ireland. The club is a member of the South Kerry division of Kerry GAA. The club fields teams in Gaelic football only, as no hurling is played in that region. It is a participant in the South Kerry Senior Football Championship.
KQAM is a news/talk station serving the Wichita, Kansas, market. KQAM broadcasts on 1480 kHz & translator K273CX FM 102.5 mHz and is under ownership of Steckline Communications.
Jamieson Kent Price (born April 28, 1961) is an American voice actor, best known for his deep and booming voice for numerous anime and video games. He is known as the voice of Largo the Black Lion in "Tales of the Abyss", Iron Tager from the "BlazBlue" series, the Count of Monte Cristo in "Gankutsuou", Ovan in ".hack//G.U.", and Galbalan, the main villain of "" and Milton Grimm from "Ever After High". Price also had a part in the 2000 movie "The Patriot".
The first approved oxygen - carrying blood substitute was a perfluorocarbon - based product called Fluosol - DA - 20, manufactured by Green Cross of Japan. It was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1989. Because of limited success, complexity of use and side effects, it was withdrawn in 1994. However, Fluosol - DA remains the only oxygen therapeutic ever fully approved by the FDA. As of 2017 no haemoglobin - based product had been approved.
The Cannone da 90/53 was an Italian-designed cannon used both in an anti-aircraft role and as an anti-tank gun during World War II. It was one of the most successful anti-aircraft guns to see service during the conflict.
Del LaGrace Volcano (born July 26th, 1957) is a genderqueer artist, performer, and activist from California. A formally trained photographer, Del's work includes installation, performance and film and interrogates the performance of gender on several levels, especially the performance of masculinity and femininity.
Automobiles Ettore Bugatti was a French car manufacturer of high-performance automobiles, founded in 1909 in the then-German city of Molsheim, Alsace by the Italian-born industrial designer Ettore Bugatti. The cars were known for their design beauty and for their many race victories. Famous Bugattis include the Type 35 Grand Prix cars, the Type 41 "Royale", the Type 57 "Atlantic" and the Type 55 sports car.
The First Amendment (Amendment I) to the United States Constitution prevents Congress from making any law respecting an establishment of religion, prohibiting the free exercise of religion, or abridging the freedom of speech, the freedom of the press, the right to peaceably assemble, or to petition for a governmental redress of grievances. It was adopted on December 15, 1791, as one of the ten amendments that constitute the Bill of Rights.
Solar power in India is a fast developing industry. The country's solar installed capacity reached 23 GW as of 30 June 2018. India expanded its solar - generation capacity 8 times from 2,650 MW on 26 May 2014 to over 20 GW as on 31 January 2018. The 20 GW capacity was initially targeted for 2022 but the government achieved the target four years ahead of schedule. The country added 3 GW of solar capacity in 2015 - 2016, 5 GW in 2016 - 2017 and over 10 GW in 2017 - 2018, with the average current price of solar electricity dropping to 18% below the average price of its coal - fired counterpart.
Yeni Həyat (also, Yeni-Khayat) is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan. It has a population of 3,503.
In the Name of the People is an American television movie drama. It was released in 2000 by CBS Productions and Jaffe/Braunstein Films. The movie was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was based on the play by Tim Boland.
InteliSpend Prepaid Solutions is a private company formed as a joint venture by American Express and Maritz, Inc in 1997. InteliSpend provides incentive programs for 76% of Fortune 500 companies. In 2010, Maritz bought out American Express' interest in the company to obtain 100% ownership.
Buzuluksky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the thirty-five in Orenburg Oblast, Russia. It is located in the west of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Buzuluk (which is not administratively a part of the district). Population: 31,071 (2010 Census);
Nilo Syrtis (or Nilosyrtis) is a region just north of Syrtis Major Planum on Mars, at approximately 23°N, 76°E and an elevation of −0.5 km. It marks a region of transition (a "crustal dichotomy") between southern highland and northern lowland terrain, and consists of isolated peaks and mesas. On average, the drop in elevation between the two terrains is 5,500 meters (18,000 feet).
Avicenna's legacy in classical psychology is primarily embodied in the Kitab al-nafs parts of his Kitab al-shifa (The Book of Healing) and Kitab al-najat (The Book of Deliverance). These were known in Latin under the title De Anima (treatises "on the soul").[dubious – discuss] Notably, Avicenna develops what is called the "flying man" argument in the Psychology of The Cure I.1.7 as defense of the argument that the soul is without quantitative extension, which has an affinity with Descartes's cogito argument (or what phenomenology designates as a form of an "epoche").
DinoSquad is an American animated television series that was produced by DiC Entertainment Corporation and aired on the KEWLopolis block on CBS from November 3, 2007 - September 12, 2009. Reruns of the show used to air in syndication as part of the Cookie Jar Kids Network block. The show ran on Cookie Jar Toons. This show, along with "Sushi Pack", was one of the last series produced by DiC before the company was acquired by and folded into Cookie Jar. The show was about five teenagers, each with the power to turn into a respective dinosaur. They use this power to fight the villainous Victor Veloci, who is intent on returning the world to the age of dinosaurs by turning humans and animals into new mutant dinosaurs and accelerating global warming.
Microsoft Windows keeps the system real-time clock in local time. This causes several problems, including compatibility when multi booting with operating systems that set the clock to UTC, and double-adjusting the clock when multi booting different Windows versions, such as with a rescue boot disk. This approach is a problem even in Windows-only systems: there is no support for per-user timezone settings, only a single system-wide setting. In 2008 Microsoft hinted that future versions of Windows will partially support a Windows registry entry RealTimeIsUniversal that had been introduced many years earlier, when Windows NT supported RISC machines with UTC clocks, but had not been maintained. Since then at least two fixes related to this feature have been published by Microsoft.
The city had a population of 1,307,402 according to the 2010 census, distributed over a land area of 372.1 square miles (963.7 km2). The urban area of San Diego extends beyond the administrative city limits and had a total population of 2,956,746, making it the third-largest urban area in the state, after that of the Los Angeles metropolitan area and San Francisco metropolitan area. They, along with the Riverside–San Bernardino, form those metropolitan areas in California larger than the San Diego metropolitan area, with a total population of 3,095,313 at the 2010 census.
Yanggakdo, or Yanggak Island is a small island in the Taedong River, located about two kilometers to the south-east of the center of the North Korean capital city Pyongyang. It is connected to the northern and southern side of Pyongyang by the Yanggak Bridge, which spans the island and separates it into a northeastern and southwestern part.
Faustino Reyes López (born 4 April 1975 in Marchena, Seville) is a former boxer from Spain, who represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. There he won the silver medal in the featherweight division (– 57 kg), after being defeated in the final by Germany's Andreas Tews.
Cleveland Brown (voiced by Mike Henry) is the protagonist of the series. He is a heavy - set African - American male who is very polite to everyone and has a unique laugh. He was formerly one of Peter Griffin's best friends in Family Guy and also owned and ran a deli. In ``Pilot ''he moves to the town of Stoolbend, Virginia to show his son where he grew up (even though Cleveland was in love with Donna but they were only friends and she did not know it). Eventually re-sparking his relationship with her, they get married and he and his son move in with her and her two children. Cleveland is usually depicted as exceedingly gentle and patient, and it is only on rare occasions that he has been known to lose his temper and resort to violence. However, Cleveland gets visibly annoyed with racist behavior, which sometimes is justified. He often acts as the voice of caution when other characters hatch harebrained schemes. Cleveland's speech is slow and almost elongated in Family Guy, but in The Cleveland Show his voice has a wide variety. Various flashbacks give conflicting histories of his speech patterns. He is shown as a more sexual, stupid, and violent character in his new form than he was originally.
The Russian SFSR was controlled by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, until the abortive 1991 August coup, which prompted President Yeltsin to suspend the recently created Communist Party of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.
Nyjah Imani Huston (born November 30, 1994) is an American professional skateboarder and was the overall champion at the Street League Skateboarding (SLS) competition series in 2010, 2012, 2014, 2015, 2016 and 2017. He is also the highest paid skateboarder in the world. As of May 19, 2013, Huston has won more prize money than any other skateboarder in history. In 2014, Huston ranked # 5 on FoxWeekly's' Top 15 Most Influential Skateboarders of All - Time '.
While working at Capital Radio, Sophie met Prince Edward, the youngest son of the Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh, for the first time in 1987 when he was dating her friend. She met Prince Edward again at a charity event in 1993, and the two began their relationship soon afterwards. Their engagement was announced on 6 January 1999. Edward proposed to Sophie with an engagement ring featuring a two-carat oval diamond flanked by two heart-shaped gemstones set in 18-carat white gold. The ring was made by Asprey and Garrard (now Garrard & Co) and is worth an estimated £105,000. Sophie, who was reportedly close to the Queen from the beginning of her relationship with Edward, was allowed to use the royal apartments at Buckingham Palace prior to her engagement. The wedding took place on 19 June of the same year at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle, a break from the weddings of Edward's older siblings, which were large, formal events at Westminster Abbey or St Paul's Cathedral. On the day of their marriage, Prince Edward was created a hereditary peer as Earl of Wessex with the subsidiary title of Viscount Severn (derived from the Welsh roots of the Countess's family). It is understood that he will be elevated as Duke of Edinburgh when that title reverts to the Crown. The couple spent their honeymoon at Balmoral Castle. Following their union, the Earl and Countess moved to Bagshot Park, their home in Surrey. While their private residence is Bagshot Park, their office and official London residence is based at Buckingham Palace. Due to renovations at Buckingham Palace in 2018, the couple temporarily moved their offices to St James's Palace.
Forest Acres is a city in Richland County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 10,361 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Columbia, South Carolina, Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Michigan -- Notre Dame football rivalry Michigan Wolverines Notre Dame Fighting Irish First meeting November 23, 1887 Michigan 8, Notre Dame 0 Latest meeting September 1, 2018 Notre Dame 24, Michigan 17 Next meeting October 26, 2019 Statistics Meetings total 43 All - time series Michigan leads 24 -- 18 -- 1 Largest victory Michigan, 38 -- 0 Longest win streak Michigan, 8 (1887 -- 1908) Current win streak Notre Dame, 2 (2014 -- present)
General elections were held in Nigeria on 28 and 29 March 2015, the fifth quadrennial election to be held since the end of military rule in 1999. Voters elected the President and members to the House of Representatives and the Senate. The incumbent president, Goodluck Jonathan sought his second and final term.
Wilkes Land is a large district of land in eastern Antarctica, formally claimed by Australia as part of the Australian Antarctic Territory, though the validity of this claim has been placed for the period of the operation of the Antarctic Treaty, to which Australia is a signatory. It fronts on the southern Indian Ocean between Queen Mary Coast and Adelie Land, extending from Cape Hordern in 100°31' E to Pourquoi Pas Point, in 136°11' E. The region extends as a sector about 2600 km towards the South Pole, with an estimated land area of 2,600,000 km², mostly glaciated. It is further subdivided in the following coastal areas which can also be thought of as sectors extending to the South Pole:
The Metropolitan Cathedral Church of the Holy Cross, Our Lady of Regla, and St Francis of Assisi is the main ecclesiastical building of the Catholic Church in Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico. It is considered perhaps the finest example of colonial architecture in northern Mexico and dates from 1725. The cathedral is also the seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Chihuahua. the archbishop was Constancio Miranda Weckmann.
Spain selected its entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 through the contest Misión Eurovisión 2007, organized by TVE at the in Pozuelo de Alarcón, Madrid and hosted by Paula Vázquez. The Spanish public chose the boy band NASH (later known as D'NASH) with the song "I Love You Mi Vida". The song was composed by and Andreas Rickstrand and written by Tony Sánchez-Ohlsson and Rebeca Pous Del Toro.
One of Columbia's more prominent geographical features is its fall line, the boundary between the upland Piedmont region and the Atlantic Coastal Plain, across which rivers drop as falls or rapids. Columbia grew up at the fall line of the Congaree River, which is formed by the convergence of the Broad River and the Saluda River. The Congaree was the farthest inland point of river navigation. The energy of falling water also powered Columbia's early mills. The city has capitalized on this location which includes three rivers by christening itself "The Columbia Riverbanks Region". Columbia is located roughly halfway between the Atlantic Ocean and the Blue Ridge Mountains and sits at an elevation of around 292 ft (89 m).Soils in Columbia are well drained in most cases, with grayish brown loamy sand topsoil. The subsoil may be yellowish red sandy clay loam (Orangeburg series), yellowish brown sandy clay loam (Norfolk series), or strong brown sandy clay (Marlboro series). All belong to the Ultisol soil order.According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 134.9 square miles (349.5 km2), of which 132.2 square miles (342.4 km2) is land and 2.7 square miles (7.0 km2) is water (2.01%). Approximately ⅔ of Columbia's land area, 81.2 square miles (210 km2), is contained within the Fort Jackson Military Installation, much of which consists of uninhabited training grounds. The actual inhabited area for the city is slightly more than 50 square miles (130 km2).
``Hey Jude ''is a song by the English rock band the Beatles, written by Paul McCartney and credited to Lennon -- McCartney. The ballad evolved from`` Hey Jules'', a song McCartney wrote to comfort John Lennon's son, Julian, during his parents' divorce. ``Hey Jude ''begins with a verse - bridge structure incorporating McCartney's vocal performance and piano accompaniment; further instrumentation is added as the song progresses. After the fourth verse, the song shifts to a fade - out coda that lasts for more than four minutes.
Steven Lamy is a professor of international relations and a Vice Dean for the USC Dana and David Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences at the University of Southern California. He is also a past Director of the University of Southern California School of International Relations.
Sunt Förnuft (meaning "Common Sense" in English) is a Swedish language finance magazine published in Stockholm, Sweden, and owned by the Swedish Taxpayers Association. Founded in 1921, it is one of the oldest magazines in the country.
Pete Sampras successfully defended his title, defeating Andre Agassi in the final, 6–3, 6–4, 7–5 to win the Gentlemen's Singles tennis title at the 1999 Wimbledon Championships. With this win, his sixth at Wimbledon, Sampras broke Björn Borg's then open era record of five Wimbledon titles, and equalled Roy Emerson's then record of twelve Grand Slam titles. Sampras' victory over Agassi in the final is often cited as one of the greatest performances in a Wimbledon final. However, despite his victory, Sampras lost his No. 1 ranking when the ATP rankings were updated a day later to Agassi, who in addition to his run to the Wimbledon Final, had recently won the 1999 French Open.
Margaret "Peggy" Wehmeyer (born 1955) is an American journalist who served for seven years as the religion correspondent on the ABC news television network, before becoming the host and editor of World Vision Report.
In addition to arguing that the rat population was insufficient to account for a bubonic plague pandemic, sceptics of the bubonic plague theory point out that the symptoms of the Black Death are not unique (and arguably in some accounts may differ from bubonic plague); that transference via fleas in goods was likely to be of marginal significance; and that the DNA results may be flawed and might not have been repeated elsewhere, despite extensive samples from other mass graves. Other arguments include the lack of accounts of the death of rats before outbreaks of plague between the 14th and 17th centuries; temperatures that are too cold in northern Europe for the survival of fleas; that, despite primitive transport systems, the spread of the Black Death was much faster than that of modern bubonic plague; that mortality rates of the Black Death appear to be very high; that, while modern bubonic plague is largely endemic as a rural disease, the Black Death indiscriminately struck urban and rural areas; and that the pattern of the Black Death, with major outbreaks in the same areas separated by 5 to 15 years, differs from modern bubonic plague—which often becomes endemic for decades with annual flare-ups.
Sant'Eustachio is a Roman Catholic titular church and minor basilica in Rome, named for the martyr Saint Eustace. It is located on Via di Sant'Eustachio in the rione Sant'Eustachio, a block west of the Pantheon and via della Rotonda, and a block east of Sant'Ivo alla Sapienza and the Via della Dogana Vecchia.
Family is the ninth studio album by American country recording artist LeAnn Rimes, released October 9, 2007, by Curb Records in the United States. It was produced primarily by musician and record producer Dann Huff, with additional production by Tony Brown and guest vocalist Reba McEntire.
In Brown v. Board of Education, 347 U.S. 483 (1954), attorneys for the NAACP referred to the phrase ``equal but separate ''used in Plessy v. Ferguson as a custom de jure racial segregation enacted into law. The NAACP, led by the soon - to - be first black Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, was successful in challenging the constitutional viability of the separate but equal doctrine, and the court voted to overturn sixty years of law that had developed under Plessy. The Supreme Court outlawed segregated public education facilities for blacks and whites at the state level. The companion case of Bolling v. Sharpe, 347 U.S. 497 outlawed such practices at the Federal level in the District of Columbia. The court held:
Fifteen minutes into the flight, the hijackers injured at least three people (possibly killing one), forcibly breached the cockpit, and overpowered the captain and first officer. Atta, an al - Qaeda member and licensed commercial pilot, took over the controls. Air - traffic controllers noticed the flight was in distress when the crew was no longer responding. They realized the flight had been hijacked when Mohamed Atta's announcements for passengers were transmitted to air traffic control. On board, flight attendants Amy Sweeney and Betty Ong contacted American Airlines, and provided information about the hijackers and injuries to passengers and crew.
The 2018 FIFA World Cup will be the 21st FIFA World Cup, a quadrennial international football tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA. It is scheduled to take place in Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018, after the country was awarded the hosting rights on 2 December 2010. This will be the first World Cup held in Europe since 2006; all but one of the stadium venues are in European Russia, west of the Ural Mountains to keep travel time manageable.
Despite being the favourites and starting strongly, Barcelona finished the 2006–07 season without trophies. A pre-season US tour was later blamed for a string of injuries to key players, including leading scorer Eto'o and rising star Lionel Messi. There was open feuding as Eto'o publicly criticized coach Frank Rijkaard and Ronaldinho. Ronaldinho also admitted that a lack of fitness affected his form. In La Liga, Barcelona were in first place for much of the season, but inconsistency in the New Year saw Real Madrid overtake them to become champions. Barcelona advanced to the semi-finals of the Copa del Rey, winning the first leg against Getafe 5–2, with a goal from Messi bringing comparison to Diego Maradona's goal of the century, but then lost the second leg 4–0. They took part in the 2006 FIFA Club World Cup, but were beaten by a late goal in the final against Brazilian side Internacional. In the Champions League, Barcelona were knocked out of the competition in the last 16 by eventual runners-up Liverpool on away goals.
The third USS "Macdonough" (DD-351) was a "Farragut"-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Thomas Macdonough.
The Canadian Grenadier Guards Band (sometimes referred to as His Majesty's Canadian Grenadier Guards Band) was a Canadian military band that was active for more than 60 years during the 20th century. In addition to performing for military events, the band had an active concert schedule which brought them to performance venues throughout North America. The group also made several recordings on a variety labels and appeared on numerous radio broadcasts in both Canada and the United States.
The Statue of Pope Clement X is one of the final sculptural works executed by the Italian artist Gian Lorenzo Bernini. It depicts Pope Clement X in the act of benediction, and is housed in the Galleria Nazionale d'Arte Antica in the Palazzo Barberini, Rome.
Paul Bettany (born 27 May 1971) is an English actor. He is known for his voice role as J.A.R.V.I.S. and the Vision in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, specifically the films Iron Man (2008), Iron Man 2 (2010), The Avengers (2012), Iron Man 3 (2013), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), and Captain America: Civil War (2016). He first came to the attention of mainstream audiences when he appeared in the British film Gangster No. 1 (2000), and director Brian Helgeland's film A Knight's Tale (2001). He has gone on to appear in a wide variety of films, including A Beautiful Mind (2001), Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World (2003), Dogville (2003), Wimbledon (2004), and the adaptation of the novel The Da Vinci Code (2006).
The Jackson 5, or Jackson Five, currently known as the Jacksons, are an American family music group. Formed in 1964, the founding members were elder brothers Jackie, Tito and Jermaine. Younger brothers Marlon and Michael would join soon after. They participated in talent shows and performed in clubs on the Chitlin 'Circuit. They entered the professional music scene in 1967, signing with Steeltown Records and releasing two singles with the Steeltown label. In 1969, the group left Steeltown Records and signed with Motown.
Following the announcement of Nasser's death, Egypt and the Arab world were in a state of shock. Nasser's funeral procession through Cairo on 1 October was attended by at least five million mourners. The 10-kilometer (6.2 mi) procession to his burial site began at the old RCC headquarters with a flyover by MiG-21 jets. His flag-draped coffin was attached to a gun carriage pulled by six horses and led by a column of cavalrymen. All Arab heads of state attended, with the exception of Saudi King Faisal. King Hussein and Arafat cried openly, and Muammar Gaddafi of Libya fainted from emotional distress twice. A few major non-Arab dignitaries were present, including Soviet Premier Alexei Kosygin and French Prime Minister Jacques Chaban-Delmas.
Night 'n' Gales is a 1937 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 156th "Our Gang" short (157th episode, 68th talking short, and 69th talking episode that was released.
The Two Sides of the Smothers Brothers (released September 1, 1962 on Mercury Records) is the second comedy album by the Smothers Brothers. Side A (tracks 1-6) consisted of comedy and was recorded at The Crystal Palace in St. Louis during a live performance. Side B (tracks 7-12) was recorded at the Bell Sound Studio in New York City with a full orchestra and represented the singing side of the boys. It reached number 26 on the "Billboard" Pop Albums chart.
"Tip of My Tongue" is a single by Tommy Quickly backed by The Remo Four. Written by Paul McCartney and attributed to the songwriting partnership of Lennon–McCartney, it was one of their relatively few songs that were never officially released by the Beatles. Several takes of this song were apparently recorded on 26 November 1962 at EMI Studios, although George Martin was dissatisfied with the results. This session has yet to emerge on any of the Beatles bootlegs.
Évry Cathedral (; "Évry Cathedral of the Resurrection") is a Roman Catholic church located in the new town of Évry (Essonne), France. The cathedral was designed by Swiss architect Mario Botta. It opened in 1995, and was consecrated and dedicated to Saint Corbinian in 1996.
"Rain Is a Good Thing" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Luke Bryan. It was released in January 2010 as the second single from his 2009 album "Doin' My Thing". The song became Bryan's first number one hit on the US "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart for the weeks of July 24 and 31, 2010. Bryan wrote this song with Dallas Davidson.
The initial 86 area codes were assigned in 1947 as routing codes for operator calls; the first cross-country Bell System direct distance dial call was made in 1951. The system was based on fixed - length numbers; a direct - dial long distance call consisted of a three - digit area code and a seven - digit local number. Numbers in 2L + 4N cities (such as Montréal and Toronto) were systematically lengthened to seven digits in the 1950's, a few exchanges at a time, so that all local numbers were seven digits when direct distance dialling finally came to town.
Abdul Rehman Makki, in many of his public speeches and sermons, has stated that the war on terror started by America has caused the death of thousands of innocents in Afghanistan, Iraq and Pakistan.
The One Hundred Eleventh United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government from January 3, 2009, until January 3, 2011. It began during the last two weeks of the George W. Bush administration, with the remainder spanning the first two years of Barack Obama's presidency. It was composed of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The apportionment of seats in the House was based on the 2000 U.S. Census. In the November 4, 2008, elections, the Democratic Party increased its majorities in both chambers, giving President Obama a Democratic majority in the legislature for the first two years of his presidency. A new delegate seat was created for the Northern Mariana Islands. The 111th Congress had the most experienced members in history: at the start of the 111th Congress, the average member of the House had served 10.3 years, while the average Senator had served 13.4 years. This Congress has been considered one of the most productive Congresses in history in terms of legislation passed since the 89th Congress, during Lyndon B. Johnson's Great Society.
Wilt Chamberlain holds the all - time records for total points scored (4,029) and points per game (50.4) in a season; both records were achieved in the 1961 -- 62 season. He also holds the rookie records for points per game when he averaged 37.6 points in the 1959 -- 60 season. Among active players, Kevin Durant has the highest point total (2,593) and the highest scoring average (32.0) in a season; both were achieved in the 2013 -- 14 season.
The crisis reduced the demand for large cars. Japanese imports, primarily the Toyota Corona, the Toyota Corolla, the Datsun B210, the Datsun 510, the Honda Civic, the Mitsubishi Galant (a captive import from Chrysler sold as the Dodge Colt), the Subaru DL, and later the Honda Accord all had four cylinder engines that were more fuel efficient than the typical American V8 and six cylinder engines. Japanese imports became mass-market leaders with unibody construction and front-wheel drive, which became de facto standards.
This is a list of the sixteen counties in the U.S. state of Maine. Before statehood, Maine was officially part of the state of Massachusetts and was called the District of Maine. Maine was granted statehood on March 15, 1820 as part of the Missouri Compromise. Nine of the sixteen counties had their borders defined while Maine was still part of Massachusetts, and hence are older than the state itself. Even after 1820, the exact location of the northern border of Maine was disputed with Britain, until the question was settled and the northern counties signed their final official form, the Webster - Ashburton Treaty, signed in 1842. Almost all of Aroostook County was disputed land until the treaty was signed.
The religious data on India Census 2011 was released by the Government of India on 25 August 2015. Hindus are 79.8% (966.3 million), while Muslims are 14.23% (172.2 million) in India. and Christians are 2.30% (28.7 million). According to the 2011 Census of India, there are 57,264 Parsis in India. For the first time, a ``No religion ''category was added in the 2011 census. 2.87 million were classified as people belonging to`` No Religion'' in India in the 2011 census 0.24% of India's population of 1.21 billion. Given below is the decade - by - decade religious composition of India until the 2011 census. There are six religions in India that have been awarded ``National Minority ''status - Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists and Parsis. Sunnis, Shias, Bohras, Agakhanis and Ahmadiyyas were identified as sects of Islam in India. As per 2011 census, six major faiths - Hindus, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains make up over 99.4% of India's 1.21 billion population, while`` other religions, persuasions'' (ORP) count is 8.2 million. Among the ORP faiths, six faiths - 4.957 million - strong Sarnaism, 1.026 million - strong Gond, 506,000 - strong Sari, Donyi - Polo (302,000) in Arunachal Pradesh, Sanamahism (222,000) in Manipur, Khasi (138,000) in Meghalaya dominate. Maharashtra is having the highest number of atheists in the country with 9,652 such people, followed by Kerala.
The sixth season of ``Basketball Wives LA ''was confirmed by VH1 with a premiere date of April 17, 2017. Filming started in October 2016 and Evelyn Lozada a former cast member of Basketball Wives has confirmed her return on social media and via The Real where she severed as a guest host for a week. Jennifer Williams also a former cast member of Basketball Wives has been spotted filming with cast member Tami Roman. Also this season four newbies Aja Metoyer, Keonna Green, Bonnie - Jill Laflil, and Evelyn Lozada taking on the main cast replacing departing cast members Angel Brinks, LaTosha Duffey, Angel Love.
You Take My Heart Away is the 22nd studio album from Shirley Bassey, released in 1977 on the United Artists Records label. The album peaked at #34 in the UK album chart.
FreeMind is a free mind mapping application written in Java. FreeMind is licensed under the GNU General Public License Version 2. It provides extensive export capabilities. It runs on Microsoft Windows, Linux, and macOS via the Java Runtime Environment.
Edward Montagu, 3rd Earl of Sandwich (10 April 1670 – 20 October 1729) was born in Burlington House, London, England to Edward Montagu, 2nd Earl of Sandwich and Lady Ann Boyle. He was styled Viscount Hinchingbrooke from 1672 until his accession to the earldom in 1688. On 8 July 1689 he married Elizabeth Wilmot, daughter of John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester and Elizabeth Malet. They had two children, Elizabeth, who died as an infant, and Edward Richard Montagu, Viscount Hinchingbrooke (7 July 1692 – 3 October 1722), who predeceased his father.
Both the Dutch and the British imported African slaves as laborers to the city and colony; New York had the second - highest population of slaves after Charleston, South Carolina. Slavery was extensive in New York City and some agricultural areas. The state passed a law for the gradual abolition of slavery soon after the Revolutionary War, but the last slave in New York was not freed until 1827.
Gmina Rędziny is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the village of Rędziny, which lies approximately north-east of Częstochowa and north of the regional capital Katowice.
Prohibition in the United States was a nationwide constitutional ban on the production, importation, transportation, and sale of alcoholic beverages from 1920 to 1933.
Following the death of Pope Pius XII on 9 October 1958, Roncalli watched the live funeral on his last full day in Venice on 11 October. His journal was specifically concerned with the funeral and the abused state of the late pontiff's corpse. Roncalli left Venice for the conclave in Rome well aware that he was papabile,[b] and after eleven ballots, was elected to succeed the late Pius XII, so it came as no surprise to him, though he had arrived at the Vatican with a return train ticket to Venice.[citation needed]
Buildings at 10, 12, 14, and 16 East Chase Street is a historic set of rowhouses located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States. Number 10 is a -story brick townhouse with a 3-bay front façade, fitted with marble facing from ground to first floor level. It is believed to have been designed by Bruce Price and / or E. Francis Baldwin, architects of neighboring Christ Church. Numbers 12, 14, and 16, by contrast, are identical -story, two-bay houses constructed of green serpentine marble with contrasting stone detail. The group dates from between 1870 and 1875. They represent a fine example of the Gothic Revival style as interpreted for domestic architecture.
At about the same time, coins and mints appeared independently in China and spread to Korea and Japan. The manufacture of coins in the Roman Empire, dating from about the 4th century BC, significantly influenced later development of coin minting in Europe.
Marie-France Pisier (10 May 194424 April 2011) was a French actress, screenwriter, and director. She appeared in numerous films of the French New Wave and twice earned the national César Award for Best Supporting Actress.
Andraž nad Polzelo () is a settlement in the Municipality of Polzela in Slovenia. It lies in the Ložnica Hills north of Polzela and south of Velenje. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. The municipality is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.
Another energy-related concept is called the Lagrangian, after Joseph-Louis Lagrange. This formalism is as fundamental as the Hamiltonian, and both can be used to derive the equations of motion or be derived from them. It was invented in the context of classical mechanics, but is generally useful in modern physics. The Lagrangian is defined as the kinetic energy minus the potential energy. Usually, the Lagrange formalism is mathematically more convenient than the Hamiltonian for non-conservative systems (such as systems with friction).
Katharine Smith Salisbury (July 8, 1813 – February 1, 1900) was a sister to Joseph Smith and an early convert in the Latter Day Saint movement.
Ozona High School is a public high school located in Ozona, Texas (USA) and classified as a 2A school by the UIL. It is part of the Crockett County Consolidated Common School District which covers all of Crockett County. Although the district is county-wide, the high school goes by Ozona. Ozona High School is known for the Lion Band. Although there is a lack of an FFA, CDE and LDE program, there is a stock show and 4-H program that is strong in the community. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
In January 2011, Bigpoint Games acquired the Planet Moon Studios staff in San Francisco, California, but did not acquire the company, its intellectual properties, or its other assets. Shortly thereafter, Planet Moon Studios closed its doors.
His fleet of 13 ships sailed far into the western Atlantic Ocean, perhaps intentionally, where he made landfall on what he initially assumed to be a large island. As the new land was within the Portuguese sphere according to the Treaty of Tordesillas, Cabral claimed it for the Portuguese Crown. He explored the coast, realizing that the large land mass was probably a continent, and dispatched a ship to notify King Manuel I of the new territory. The continent was South America, and the land he had claimed for Portugal later came to be known as Brazil. The fleet reprovisioned and then turned eastward to resume the journey to India.
Following the September 11 attacks in 2001, U.S. President George W. Bush demanded that the Taliban hand over Osama bin Laden and expel al - Qaeda; bin Laden had already been wanted by the U.S. since 1998. The Taliban declined to extradite him unless given evidence of his involvement in the September 11 attacks and also declined demands to extradite others on the same grounds. The U.S. dismissed the request for evidence as a delaying tactic, and on 7 October 2001 launched Operation Enduring Freedom with the United Kingdom. The two were later joined by other forces, including the Northern Alliance which had been fighting the Taliban in the ongoing civil war since 1996. In December 2001, the United Nations Security Council established the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), to assist the Afghan interim authorities with securing Kabul. At the Bonn Conference the same month, Hamid Karzai was selected to head the Afghan Interim Administration, which after a 2002 loya jirga (grand assembly) in Kabul became the Afghan Transitional Administration. In the popular elections of 2004, Karzai was elected president of the country, now named the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan.
Nang Lae () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a population of 10,312 people. The "tambon" has 14 villages.
The Seahawks have won 10 division titles and three conference championships. They are the only team to have played in both the AFC and NFC Championship Games. They have appeared in three Super Bowls: losing 21 -- 10 to the Pittsburgh Steelers in Super Bowl XL, defeating the Denver Broncos 43 -- 8 for their first championship in Super Bowl XLVIII, and losing 28 -- 24 to the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLIX.
The MiG-25 underwent substantial design sacrifices in order to achieve high speed, altitude and rate of climb. However, it lacked maneuverability at interception speeds and was difficult to fly at low altitudes. The MiG-25's speed was limited to Mach 2.83, but it could reach a maximum speed of Mach 3.2 or more with the risk of engine damage.
Bart Magunda Katureebe is a Ugandan judge and the Chief Justice of Uganda. He was appointed to that position on 5 March 2015. Before that, he was a justice of the Supreme Court of Uganda.
Czechoslovakia, of all the East European countries, entered the postwar era with a relatively balanced social structure and an equitable distribution of resources. Despite some poverty, overall it was a country of relatively well-off workers, small-scale producers, farmers, and a substantial middle class. Nearly half the population was in the middle-income bracket. Ironically, perhaps, it was balanced and relatively prosperous Czechoslovakia that carried nationalization and income redistribution further than any other East European country. By the mid-1960s, the complaint was that leveling had gone too far. Earning differentials between blue-collar and white-collar workers were lower than in any other country in Eastern Europe. Further, equitable income distribution was combined in the late 1970s with relative prosperity. Along with East Germany and Hungary, Czechoslovakia enjoyed one of the highest standards of living of any of the Warsaw Pact countries through the 1980s.
Autumn, winter, and early spring are frequently characterized by rain. Winters are cool and wet with December, the coolest month, averaging 40.6 °F (4.8 °C), with 28 annual days with lows that reach the freezing mark, and 2.0 days where the temperature stays at or below freezing all day; the temperature rarely lowers to 20 °F (−7 °C). Summers are sunny, dry and warm, with August, the warmest month, averaging 66.1 °F (18.9 °C), and with temperatures reaching 90 °F (32 °C) on 3.1 days per year, although 2011 is the most recent year to not reach 90 °F. The hottest officially recorded temperature was 103 °F (39 °C) on July 29, 2009; the coldest recorded temperature was 0 °F (−18 °C) on January 31, 1950; the record cold daily maximum is 16 °F (−9 °C) on January 14, 1950, while, conversely, the record warm daily minimum is 71 °F (22 °C) the day the official record high was set. The average window for freezing temperatures is November 16 thru March 10, allowing a growing season of 250 days.
Seattle remained the corporate headquarters of Boeing until 2001, when the company separated its headquarters from its major production facilities; the headquarters were moved to Chicago. The Seattle area is still home to Boeing's Renton narrow-body plant (where the 707, 720, 727, and 757 were assembled, and the 737 is assembled today) and Everett wide-body plant (assembly plant for the 747, 767, 777, and 787). The company's credit union for employees, BECU, remains based in the Seattle area, though it is now open to all residents of Washington.
In the last quarter of the twentieth century, Manuel Isaías López was considered the most influential psychiatrist in Mexico. In the early eighties, he was simultaneously President of the Mexican Psychoanalytic Association; Secretary General of the Mexican Board of Psychiatry; Director of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at UNAM; and Main Consultant to the System for the Integral Development of the Family (DIF), a nationwide government funded system of child and family guidance centers. His later contributions were in Bioethics, and he evolved into a researcher within this field and an International Psychoanalytic Association officer.
The location of the Super Bowl is chosen by the NFL well in advance, usually three to five years before the game. Cities place bids to host a Super Bowl and are evaluated in terms of stadium renovation and their ability to host. In 2014, a document listing the specific requirements of Super Bowl hosts was leaked, giving a clear list of what was required for a Super Bowl host. Much of the cost of the Super Bowl is to be assumed by the host community, although some costs are enumerated within the requirements to be assumed by the NFL. Some of the host requirements include:
The device was announced and unveiled on January 27, 2010 at a media conference. On April 3, 2010, the Wi - Fi variant of the device was released in the United States, followed by the release of the Wi - Fi + Cellular variant on April 30. On May 28, it was released in Australia, Canada, France, Japan, Italy, Germany, Spain, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.
In English, the country is popularly known as either "Burma" or "Myanmar" i/ˈmjɑːnˌmɑːr/. Both these names are derived from the name of the majority Burmese Bamar ethnic group. Myanmar is considered to be the literary form of the name of the group, while Burma is derived from "Bamar", the colloquial form of the group's name. Depending on the register used, the pronunciation would be Bama (pronounced: [bəmà]) or Myamah (pronounced: [mjəmà]). The name Burma has been in use in English since the 18th century.
Mark Schultz (; born June 7, 1955) is an American writer and illustrator of books and comics. His most widely recognized work is his self-created and owned comic book series, "Xenozoic Tales," about a post-apocalyptic world where dinosaurs and other prehistoric creatures coexist with humans. He is also the current writer of the "Prince Valiant" comic strip.
Santa Fe Scouts is a 1943 American Western "Three Mesquiteers" B-movie directed by Howard Bretherton and starring Bob Steele, Tom Tyler and Jimmie Dodd.
Steven Anita ``Steve ''Smith is a fictional character in the animated television series American Dad!, voiced by Scott Grimes. He is Stan and Francine Smith's only son and Hayley's younger brother as well as the youngest of the series' six main characters.
In 2006 -- 07, James's averages declined to 27.3 points, 6.7 rebounds, 6 assists, and 1.6 steals per game. Some analysts attributed the fall to a regression in his passing skills and shot selection, which stemmed from a lack of effort and focus. The Cavaliers finished the season with 50 wins for the second consecutive year and entered the playoffs as the East's second seed. In Game 5 of the NBA Conference Finals, James notched 48 points with 9 rebounds and 7 assists, scoring 29 of Cleveland's last 30 points, including the game - winning layup with two seconds left, against the Pistons. After the game, play - by - play announcer Marv Albert called the performance ``one of the greatest moments in postseason history ''and color commentator Steve Kerr described it as`` Jordan-esque''. In 2012, ESPN ranked the performance the fourth greatest in modern NBA playoff history. The Cavaliers went on to win Game 6 and claim their first - ever Eastern Conference championship, earning them a matchup with the San Antonio Spurs in the NBA Finals. During the championship round, James struggled, averaging 22 points, 7.0 rebounds, and 6.8 assists per game on just 35.6 percent shooting, and Cleveland was eliminated in a sweep.
Control of labour and inter-group conflict is characteristic of corporate-level or 'tribal' groups, headed by a charismatic individual; whether a 'big man' or a proto-chief, functioning as a lineage-group head. Whether a non-hierarchical system of organization existed is debatable, and there is no evidence that explicitly suggests that Neolithic societies functioned under any dominating class or individual, as was the case in the chiefdoms of the European Early Bronze Age. Theories to explain the apparent implied egalitarianism of Neolithic (and Paleolithic) societies have arisen, notably the Marxist concept of primitive communism.
The GMC PD-4501 Scenicruiser, manufactured by General Motors for The Greyhound Corporation, was a three-axle monocoque two-level coach used by Greyhound from July 1954 into the mid-70's. 1,001 were made between 1954 and 1956.
Shrek! is a picture book published in 1990 by American book writer and cartoonist William Steig, about a repugnant and monstrous green creature who leaves home to see the world and ends up saving a princess. The name "Shrek" is the romanization of the Yiddish word שרעק, corresponding to German "" and meaning "fear" or "fright", but also used as a common exclamation, often in the form "Oy Shrek!".
Àlex Brendemühl Gubern (born 27 November 1972) is a Spanish-German actor. Born in Barcelona to a Spanish mother and a German father, he has appeared in more than 60 films and television shows since 1995. Brendemühl played the lead role of the Nazi war criminal Josef Mengele in the 2013 film "The German Doctor".
Christopher Kennedy Masterson (born January 22, 1980) is an American actor and disc jockey known best for his role as Francis on Malcolm in the Middle. He is the younger brother of That '70s Show cast member Danny Masterson, older brother of The Walking Dead cast member Alanna Masterson, and older brother of Last Man Standing cast member Jordan Masterson.
Elizabeth gave birth to her first child, Prince Charles, on 14 November 1948. One month earlier, the King had issued letters patent allowing her children to use the style and title of a royal prince or princess, to which they otherwise would not have been entitled as their father was no longer a royal prince. A second child, Princess Anne, was born in 1950.
While references to verify the manufacturers' claims have been included, there is always the possibility of inaccuracy or hyperbole. Also note that a single vehicle can be sold concurrently under several nameplates in different markets, as with for example the Nissan Sunny; in such circumstances manufacturers often provide only cumulative units sold figures for all models. As a result, there is no definitive standard for measuring units sold; Volkswagen has claimed its Beetle as the bestselling car in history as it did not substantially change throughout its production run. By contrast, Toyota has applied the Corolla nameplate to 11 generations since 1966, which have sold over 40 million through July 2013.
Marion King Hubbert (October 5, 1903 – October 11, 1989) was an American geologist and geophysicist. He worked at the Shell research lab in Houston, Texas. He made several important contributions to geology, geophysics, and petroleum geology, most notably the Hubbert curve and Hubbert peak theory (a basic component of peak oil), with important political ramifications. He was often referred to as "M. King Hubbert" or "King Hubbert".
The Toiyabe Range is a mountain range in Lander and Nye counties, Nevada, United States. Most of the range is included within the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The highest point in the range, near its southern end, is Arc Dome (11,788 feet, 3592 m), an area protected as the Arc Dome Wilderness. The highest point in Lander County, Bunker Hill, is also located within the Toiyabe Range. The range starts in northwestern Nye County north of Tonopah, Nevada and runs approximately 120 miles (190 km) north-northeast into southern Lander County, making it the second longest range in the state.
Super Bowl LV, the 55th Super Bowl and the 51st modern - era National Football League (NFL) championship game, will decide the league champion for the 2020 season. The game is scheduled to be played on February 7, 2021 in Tampa, Florida (with the exact date pending potential changes to the NFL calendar). This will be the fifth Super Bowl hosted by the Tampa area, with the last one being Super Bowl XLIII in 2009, and the third one held at Raymond James Stadium. The game will be televised nationally by NBC. It will be the third time that the Super Bowl is in the same state in back to back years with Super Bowl LIV taking place at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.
Studies of autosomal DNA, which look at the entire DNA mixture, have become increasingly important as the technology develops. They show that Jewish populations have tended to form relatively closely related groups in independent communities, with most in a community sharing significant ancestry in common. For Jewish populations of the diaspora, the genetic composition of Ashkenazi, Sephardi, and Mizrahi Jewish populations show a predominant amount of shared Middle Eastern ancestry. According to Behar, the most parsimonious explanation for this shared Middle Eastern ancestry is that it is "consistent with the historical formulation of the Jewish people as descending from ancient Hebrew and Israelite residents of the Levant" and "the dispersion of the people of ancient Israel throughout the Old World". North African, Italian and others of Iberian origin show variable frequencies of admixture with non-Jewish historical host populations among the maternal lines. In the case of Ashkenazi and Sephardi Jews (in particular Moroccan Jews), who are closely related, the source of non-Jewish admixture is mainly southern European, while Mizrahi Jews show evidence of admixture with other Middle Eastern populations and Sub-Saharan Africans. Behar et al. have remarked on an especially close relationship of Ashkenazi Jews and modern Italians.
The Secretary General of NATO (French: Secrétaire général de l'OTAN) is an international diplomat who serves as the chief civil servant of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). The Secretary General is responsible for coordinating the workings of the alliance, leading NATO's international staff, chairing the meetings of the North Atlantic Council and most major committees of the alliance, with the notable exception of the NATO Military Committee, and acting as NATO's spokesperson. However, the Secretary General does not have any military command role, and political, military and strategic decisions ultimately rest with the member states. Together with the Chairman of the NATO Military Committee and the Supreme Allied Commander the Secretary General is one of the foremost officials of NATO. The current Secretary General is Jens Stoltenberg, the former Prime Minister of Norway, who took office on 1 October 2014.
PSR J1719-1438 was discovered in 2011 by the High Time Resolution Survey, a radio astronomy search for astronomical objects that rapidly vary in radio brightness, such as pulsars. Timing measurements using the Parkes Telescope and Lovell Telescope showed that it has a low-mass companion: PSR J1719-1438 b. The companion has a mass similar to that of Jupiter, but 40% of the diameter. It orbits the pulsar with a period of 2 hours 10 minutes and 37 seconds, at a distance of around 600,000 km (0.89 solar radii). The companion is likely the remnant of a star whose outer layers were siphoned off by the more massive pulsar. Calculations show the companion has a minimum density of 23 grams per cubic centimeter and is probably an ultra-low-mass carbon–oxygen white dwarf.
The current eligibility rules were established under the NBA's 2005 collective bargaining agreement (CBA), which expired in 2011, resulting in a lockout. The new CBA, approved in December 2011, made no changes to the draft rules, but called for the NBA and its players union to form a committee to discuss draft - related issues. The basic rules that started in the 2006 draft are:
``Is She Really Going Out with Him? ''is the first single released by British musician Joe Jackson in September 1978. The track, which was to achieve greater commercial success when reissued in 1979, was included on Jackson's debut album, Look Sharp!.
The 1980 Wimbledon Men's Singles final was the championship tennis match of the Men's Singles tournament at the 1980 Wimbledon Championships. In the final, Björn Borg defeated John McEnroe 1 -- 6, 7 -- 5, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 7, 8 -- 6 to win the match. It was regarded at the time as the greatest match ever played. It would be another 28 years before the 2008 Wimbledon men's singles final between Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal would rival the match as the greatest ever played.
David Means (born October 17, 1961) is an American short story writer and novelist based in Nyack, New York. His stories have appeared in many publications, including "Esquire", "The New Yorker", and "Harper's". They are frequently set in the Midwest or the Rust Belt, or along the Hudson River in New York.
The Taifa of Jaén was a medieval taifa Moorish kingdom centered in Al-Andalus. It existed for only two very short periods: first in 1145 and then in 1168.
History of Joseph Smith by His Mother is a biography of Joseph Smith, founder of the Latter Day Saint movement, according to his mother, Lucy Mack Smith. It was originally titled Biographical Sketches of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, and His Progenitors for Many Generations and was published by Orson Pratt in Liverpool in 1853.
In 2008, Wings of Alaska was acquired by SeaPort Airlines. Following the acquisition, its headquarters were moved to Portland, Oregon. The combined airline maintained a single FAA operating certificate to operate single scheduled and non-scheduled flights in the Lower 48 market.
From earliest days, Virginia, and Richmond in particular, have welcomed live theatrical performances. From Lewis Hallam's early productions of Shakespeare in Williamsburg, the focus shifted to Richmond's antebellum prominence as a main colonial and early 19th century performance venue for such celebrated American and English actors as William Macready, Edwin Forrest, and the Booth family. In the 20th century, Richmonders' love of theater continued with many amateur troupes and regular touring professional productions. In the 1960s a small renaissance or golden age accompanied the growth of professional dinner theaters and the fostering of theater by the Virginia Museum, reaching a peak in the 1970s with the establishment of a resident Equity company at the Virginia Museum Theater (now the Leslie Cheek) and the birth of Theatre IV, a company that continues to this day.
Stanford Raagapella (abbreviated Raag) is Stanford University's South Asian focus a cappella group. The group was founded as an all-male group in 2002 and transitioned to an all-gender group in 2017. Stanford Raagapella has released two albums to date, Raags to Riches and Raag Time. Raagapella regularly performs on campus in events hosted by the group itself as well as by organizations such as Stanford Sanskriti, the South Asian cultural organization. Stanford Raagapella has toured the United States and India, performing with artists such as A.R. Rahman. The group's repertoire consists of world music, much of which originates in India and Pakistan, and Western songs.
Major party, African American candidates for President of the United States could not run in primaries until nearly the third quarter of the 20th century, after the passage of the Civil Rights Act (1964) and Voting Rights Act (1965) opened up political participation to blacks in the South. Also, party changes to give more weight to candidates' performance in primaries, rather than to party leaders' negotiation in secret, opened up the fields. In 2008, Senator Barack Obama was elected the 44th president of the United States, the first African American to win the office.
The Ulrich Walser House is a house located at 711 North 2nd Street in Alma, Wisconsin, United States. It was constructed in 1895 by Ulrich Walser and was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Czocha Castle (, , ) is a defensive castle in the village of Czocha (Gmina Lesna), Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland. The castle is located on the Lake Leśnia, near the Kwisa river, in what is now the Polish part of Upper Lusatia. Czocha castle was built on gneiss rock, and its oldest part is the keep, to which housing structures were later added.
Leonid Ilyich Brezhnev (; Russian: Леони́д Ильи́ч Бре́жнев, IPA: [lʲɪɐˈnʲid ɪˈlʲjidʑ ˈbrʲeʐnʲɪf] (listen); Ukrainian: Леоні́д Іллі́ч Бре́жнєв, 19 December 1906 (O.S. 6 December) – 10 November 1982) was a Soviet politician. The fifth leader of the Soviet Union, he was General Secretary of the Central Committee of the governing Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) from 1964 until his death in 1982. Ideologically, he was a Marxist-Leninist. He presided over the Soviet Union's greatest involvement in world affairs, including détente with the West. But he also increasingly confronted the Sino-Soviet split, which divided and weakened communist parties across the world. In domestic affairs, he presided over a steady decline in morale, marked by corruption, inefficiency, and rapidly widening weakness in technological advances, especially computers. Nevertheless he was a force for political stability inside the Kremlin, maintaining his power despite his rapidly declining health after 1975.
The 2017 Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team represents the University of Notre Dame in the 2017 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The team is coached by Brian Kelly and plays its home games at Notre Dame Stadium in South Bend, Indiana. They compete as an independent.
Goląsza Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north of Psary, north of Będzin, and north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
Cynthia Ona Innis (born 1969) is an American painter, sculptor and visual artist raised in San Diego and based out of Oakland. Her work has been described as "paintings one doesn't look at so much as immerse oneself in", as well as "sensual", "organic" and "science fiction-y" where "a futuristic heaven-meets-hell". Innis graduated with a B.A. from the University of California at Berkeley and earned her post-graduate M.F.A. from Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey. She has received the San Francisco Arts Commission Honorarium, the James D. Phelan Award in printmaking, a MacDowell Colony Fellowship and Residency award, and the James D. Phelan Award in painting, among other awards and recognition.
The Dark Side of the Moon Album cover by Hipgnosis and George Hardie Studio album by Pink Floyd Released 1 March 1973 (1973 - 03 - 01) Recorded 1 June 1972 -- January 1973 Studio Abbey Road Studios, London Genre Progressive rock Length 42: 49 Label Harvest Producer Pink Floyd Pink Floyd chronology Obscured by Clouds (1972) Obscured by Clouds 1972 The Dark Side of the Moon (1973) Wish You Were Here (1975) Wish You Were Here 1975 30th anniversary SACD Re-issue Singles from The Dark Side of the Moon ``Money ''Released: 7 May 1973`` Us and Them'' Released: 4 February 1974
Pig Island is a novel by British writer Mo Hayder, first published in 2006. The novel is nominally a thriller which mixes elements of the detective novel with more overt horror influences. It reached number 8 on the "Sunday Times" bestseller lists, the author's highest position to date.
Radio SRF 1 is a Swiss radio channel, one of six operated by Schweizer Radio und Fernsehen (SRF), with its headquarters in Zürich.
Impeachment in the United States is the process by which the lower house of a legislature brings charges against a civil officer of government for crimes alleged to have been committed, analogous to the bringing of an indictment by a grand jury. At the federal level, this is done by the House of Representatives. Most impeachments have concerned alleged crimes committed while in office, though there have been a few cases in which officials have been impeached and subsequently convicted for prior crimes. The impeached official remains in office until a trial is held. That trial, and their removal from office if convicted, is separate from the act of impeachment itself. Analogous to a trial before a judge and jury, these proceedings are (where the legislature is bicameral) conducted by upper house of the legislature, which at the federal level is the Senate.
McCormack is an unorganized territory in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States; located near Hibbing and Balkan Township. The population was 237 at the 2000 census.
The British Royal Navy is constructing two new larger STOVL aircraft carriers, the Queen Elizabeth class, to replace the three Invincible-class carriers. The ships will be named HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales. They will be able to operate up to 40 aircraft in peace time with a tailored group of up to 50, and will have a displacement of 70,600 tonnes. The ships are due to become operational from 2020. Their primary aircraft complement will be made up of F-35B Lightning IIs, and their ship's company will number around 680 with the total complement rising to about 1,600 when the air group is embarked. Defensive weapons will include the Phalanx Close-In Weapons System for anti-aircraft and anti-missile defence; also 30 mm Automated Small Calibre Guns and miniguns for use against fast attack craft. The two ships will be the largest warships ever built for the Royal Navy.
Waltham Manufacturing Company (WMC) was a manufacturer of bicycles, motorcycles, motorized tricycles and quadricycles, buckboards, and automobiles in Waltham, Massachusetts. It sold products under the brand names Orient, Waltham, and Waltham-Orient. The company was founded in 1893, moving to self-propelled vehicles after 1898.
Wesley Brethren Church is an historic church in Wesley, Texas, United States. The church was built in 1866. It was designated a Recorded Texas Historic Landmark in 1966 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The Alco RSD-15 was a diesel-electric locomotive of the road switcher type built by the American Locomotive Company of Schenectady, New York between August 1956 and June 1960, during which time 75 locomotives were produced. The RSD-15 was powered by an Alco 251 16-cylinder four-cycle V-type prime mover rated at ; it superseded the almost identical Alco 244-engined RSD-7, and was catalogued alongside the similar but smaller RSD-12, powered by a 12-cylinder 251-model V-type diesel engine.
The titular character Jason Bourne does not appear in The Bourne Legacy, because actor Matt Damon chose not to return for the fourth film, due to Paul Greengrass not directing. Bourne is shown in pictures and mentioned by name several times throughout the film. Tony Gilroy, co-screenwriter of the first three films, sought to continue the story of the film series without changing its key events, and parts of The Bourne Legacy take place at the same time as the previous film, The Bourne Ultimatum (2007).
As the Roman Empire was falling apart, Palermo fell under the control of several Germanic tribes. The first were the Vandals in 440 AD under the rule of their king Geiseric. The Vandals had occupied all the Roman provinces in North Africa by 455 establishing themselves as a significant force. They acquired Corsica, Sardinia and Sicily shortly afterwards. However, they soon lost these newly acquired possessions to the Ostrogoths. The Ostrogothic conquest under Theodoric the Great began in 488; Theodoric supported Roman culture and government unlike the Germanic Goths. The Gothic War took place between the Ostrogoths and the Eastern Roman Empire, also known as the Byzantine Empire. Sicily was the first part of Italy to be taken under control of General Belisarius who was commissioned by Eastern Emperor. Justinian I solidified his rule in the following years.
World Food Programme World Food Programme WFP Headquarters in Rome Abbreviation WFP, PAM Formation 1961 Type UN Humanitarian Programme Legal status Active Headquarters Rome, Italy Head David Beasley Website www.wfp.org
The United Democratic Front (UDF) is a political party in Namibia. Justus ǁGaroëb was the party's leader since its foundation in 1989 until 2013, when he stepped down as leader of the party.
From its admittance as a state in 1890 to 1913 Idaho was represented in the United States House of Representatives by one at-large representative. After the 1910 census Idaho was awarded a second seat starting with the 63rd Congress in 1913. However both seats continued to be elected at-large on a general ticket until the election of 1918. Since that year the state has allocated two districts for its representatives.
Anil B. Divan (born 15 May 1930 - 20 March 2017) was a senior advocate in India. He has been described as an eminent constitutional expert.
More than 4,400 athletes including 300 para-athletes from 71 Commonwealth Games Associations took part in the event. The Gambia which withdrew its membership from the Commonwealth of Nations and Commonwealth Games Federation in 2013, was readmitted on 31 March 2018 and participated in the event. With 275 sets of medals, the games featured 19 Commonwealth sports, including beach volleyball, para triathlon and women's rugby sevens. These sporting events took place at 14 venues in the host city, two venues in Brisbane and one venue each in Cairns and Townsville.
Rainfall tends to be associated with Atlantic depressions or with convection. The Atlantic depressions are more vigorous in autumn and winter and most of the rain which falls in those seasons in the south-west is from this source. Average annual rainfall is around 980 millimetres (39 in). November to March have the highest mean wind speeds, with June to August having the lightest winds. The predominant wind direction is from the south-west.
Muscle Beach Party (1964) is the second of seven beach party films produced by American International Pictures. It stars Frankie Avalon and Annette Funicello and was directed by William Asher, who also directed four other films in this series.
Menomonie is a town in Dunn County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 3,174 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Cedar Falls and Irvington lie within the town, as does most of the City of Menomonie.
The Big Impression, known as Alistair McGowan's Big Impression for the first three series, is a British comedy sketch show. It features Alistair McGowan and Ronni Ancona impersonating personalities from entertainment and sport. Four series and a number of specials were made by Vera Productions and it was first broadcast on BBC One between 2000 and 2004.
In the 2006 parliamentary election, the party ran for the first time, winning 11 of 81 seats. It became a vocal opposition party and forged links with the Serb People's Party and the Socialist People's Party of Montenegro in an attempt to unify the country's political opposition.
The R359 is a regional route in the Northern Cape province of South Africa that runs along the south bank of the Orange River from Augrabies Falls through Augrabies and Kakamas to Upington.
Qui studio a voi stadio (known also by the acronym QSVS) is a sports talk and debate television program produced by Telelombardia and aired on various affiliated local television channels in Italy, entirely devoted to Italian Soccer, in particular the Serie A.
Nembro is one of thirteen parishes (administrative divisions) in the Gozón municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Roncalli High School is a Catholic high school located in Indianapolis, Indiana. It is located on the south side of Indianapolis and run by the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis. Roncalli is named for Pope John XXIII, Angelo Giuseppe Roncalli.
Krasny Mak (; ; ) is a selo in Bakhchysarai Raion of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea. It is located in the Crimean Mountains, southerly of Bakhchysarai. The village stretches along the Bystryanka creek, a tributary of the river Belbek. Population:
Alamance is a village in Alamance County, North Carolina, United States. It is part of the Burlington, North Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 951 at the 2010 census, up from 310 at the 2000 census.
Pleasant Hill is an unincorporated community in Nevada County, Arkansas, United States. Pleasant Hill is located on Arkansas Highway 19, north-northwest of Prescott.
The period between the foundation of the Han dynasty and Wang Mang's reign is known as the Western Han dynasty (simplified Chinese: 西汉; traditional Chinese: 西漢; pinyin: Xī Hàn) or Former Han dynasty (simplified Chinese: 前汉; traditional Chinese: 前漢; pinyin: Qiánhàn) (206 BC – 9 AD). During this period the capital was at Chang'an (modern Xi'an). From the reign of Guangwu the capital was moved eastward to Luoyang. The era from his reign until the fall of Han is known as the Eastern Han dynasty (simplified Chinese: 东汉; traditional Chinese: 東漢; pinyin: Dōng Hàn) or the Later Han dynasty (simplified Chinese: 后汉; traditional Chinese: 後漢; pinyin: Hòu Hàn) (25–220 AD).
LB&SCR D3 class was a 0-4-4T tank locomotive design, by Robert J. Billinton, built for the London Brighton and South Coast Railway (LB&SCR) between 1892 and 1896. They were built for working passenger trains along country and main lines.
The card consisted of twelve matches, including two on the pre-show. In the main event, Dolph Ziggler retained the Intercontinental Championship by defeating Seth Rollins 5 -- 4 in an Iron Man match that went into sudden death overtime. This was the first time that an Intercontinental Championship match was the main event of a WWE pay - per - view since Backlash in 2001. In the penultimate match, AJ Styles retained the WWE Championship against Rusev. On the undercard, Alexa Bliss retained the Raw Women's Championship against Nia Jax in an Extreme Rules match, Bobby Lashley defeated Roman Reigns, and Shinsuke Nakamura defeated Jeff Hardy for the United States Championship.
The Tragically Hip formed in 1984 in Kingston, Ontario. Gord Sinclair and Rob Baker were students at Kingston Collegiate and had performed together at the KCVI Variety Show as the Rodents. Baker and Sinclair joined with Downie and Fay in 1984 and began playing gigs around Kingston with some memorable stints at a Queen's University pub called Alfie's. Guitarist Paul Langlois joined in 1986; saxophonist Davis Manning left that same year. They took their name from a skit in the Michael Nesmith movie Elephant Parts.
Songnisan National Park (, sometimes spelled "Sokrisan") is located in the center of the Sobaek Mountains range, on the border between the provinces of Chungcheongbuk-do and Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea. The area comprises the valleys of Hwayang, Seonyu, and Ssanggok and the mountain Songnisan, which has given the park its name. It was designated as the country's 6th national park in 1970. The park's most popular attraction is one of Korea's largest temples, the Buddhist temple Beopjusa, initially constructed in 653.
He was educated at the University of East Anglia (LLB, 1985), the University of Hong Kong (MPA, 1990), and Peking University (LLB, 1995). He was called to the English and Hong Kong Bar in 1986 and 1987 respectively, and was appointed a Judge of the Court of First Instance of the High Court in 2009. He was made a Justice of Appeal of the Court of Appeal in 2015.
Nairobi (/ naɪˈroʊbi /; locally (naɪˈroːbi)) is the capital and largest city of Kenya. The name comes from the Maasai phrase Enkare Nairobi, which translates to ``cool water '', a reference to the Nairobi River which flows through the city. The city proper has a population of 3,138,369, while the metropolitan area has a population of 6,547,547. The city is popularly referred to as the Green City in the Sun. Nairobi is famous for being the only city in the world that hosts a national park, the Nairobi national Park.
Casanovas is a Swedish dansband established in 1989 in Vadstena, Sweden. They won the Svenska dansbandsmästerskapen, the Swedish Dansband Competition in 1998 with Andreas Hedenskog as vocalist. The present line-up of the band is Henrik Sethsson on vocals (who has replaced Hedenskog), Jimmy Lindberg on guitar, Stefan Ryding on bass and Hans Plahn on drums.
Actor Character Category Seasons 5 6 7 Peter Dinklage Tyrion Lannister Supporting Actor Won Nominated Nominated Nominated Won Nominated Won Lena Headey Cersei Lannister Supporting Actress Nominated Nominated Nominated Nominated Diana Rigg Olenna Tyrell Guest Actress Nominated Nominated Nominated Nominated Emilia Clarke Daenerys Targaryen Supporting Actress Nominated Nominated Nominated Kit Harington Jon Snow Supporting Actor Nominated Maisie Williams Arya Stark Supporting Actress Nominated Max von Sydow Three - eyed Raven Guest Actor Nominated Nikolaj Coster - Waldau Jaime Lannister Supporting Actor Nominated
North Point Mall is a shopping mall, located in Alpharetta, Georgia (an affluent suburb of Atlanta). The mall opened on October 20, 1993 as one of the largest shopping malls in the country. The mall was the second final property built by Homart Development Company. As of 2018, North Point Mall is one of Atlanta's most popular malls.
As a result of these measures, blacks acquired the right to vote across the Southern states. In several states (notably Mississippi and South Carolina), blacks were the majority of the population. By forming coalitions with pro-Union whites, Republicans took control of the state legislatures. At the time, state legislatures elected the members of the US Senate. During Reconstruction, only the state legislature of Mississippi elected any black senators. On February 25, 1870, Hiram Rhodes Revels was seated as the first black member of the Senate, while Blanche Bruce, also of Mississippi, seated in 1875, was the second. Revels was the first black member of the Congress overall.
The Democratic Party of Oregon, based in Portland, is the official Oregon affiliate of the United States Democratic Party. It is recognized by the state of Oregon as a major political party, along with the Oregon Republican Party. The State Central Committee, made up of two delegates elected from each of Oregon's 36 counties and one additional delegate for every 15,000 registered Democrats, is the main authoritative body of the party. After Oregon was admitted into the Union in 1859, the Democratic party controlled the state. Oregon elected twice as many Democrats as Republicans between 1859 and 1879 in statewide elections for governor, secretary of state, state treasurer, and congressmen. The party holds 38 members in the State House that has 60 representatives total, and 18 members in the State Senate, out of 30 delegates total. The party also holds the Governor's office (Kate Brown), Attorney General (Ellen Rosenblum), Labor Commissioner (Val Hoyle), and State Treasurer (Tobias Read). The Democrats also have both U.S senate positions in their state and send four of the five U.S House representatives from Oregon to D.C.
Medical knowledge had stagnated during the Middle Ages. The most authoritative account at the time came from the medical faculty in Paris in a report to the king of France that blamed the heavens, in the form of a conjunction of three planets in 1345 that caused a "great pestilence in the air". This report became the first and most widely circulated of a series of plague tracts that sought to give advice to sufferers. That the plague was caused by bad air became the most widely accepted theory. Today, this is known as the Miasma theory. The word 'plague' had no special significance at this time, and only the recurrence of outbreaks during the Middle Ages gave it the name that has become the medical term.
Vevče (; in older sources also "Velče") is a formerly independent settlement in the eastern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia. It was part of the traditional region of Upper Carniola and is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.
Phoenix has a subtropical desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh), typical of the Sonoran Desert. Phoenix has long, extremely hot summers and short, mild to warm winters. The city is located within the sunniest region in the world. Measuring 3,872 hours of bright sunshine annually, Phoenix receives the most sunshine of any major city on Earth. Average high temperatures in summer are the hottest of any major city in the United States. On average, there are 107 days annually with a high of at least 100 ° F (38 ° C) including most days from late May through early October. Highs top 110 ° F (43 ° C) an average of 18 days during the year. On June 26, 1990, the temperature reached an all - time recorded high of 122 ° F (50 ° C). Despite the city's claim to the most extreme heat in summer, however, it does not have the highest average annual temperature in the contiguous United States. In that respect, it comes second to Miami; Phoenix has an average daily temperature of 75 ° F (24 ° C), compared to Miami's 77 ° F (25 ° C).
Myeongnim Dap-bu (67? – 179) (명림답부, 明臨答夫) was the first Guksang (국좌상, Prime Minister) of Goguryeo, and was known for his overthrowing of the tyrannical King Chadae, and his victory against the Han Dynasty at the Battle of Jwa-won.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city had a total area of 17.037 square miles (44.125 km2), including 10.747 square miles (27.835 km2) of land and 6.290 square miles (16.290 km2) of water (36.92%).
A 7'0" center from Tulane University, Spitzer spent one season (1967-68) with the Chicago Bulls of the NBA. He averaged 1.8 points and 2.4 rebounds.
Shahen Nikolay Petrosyan (17 February 1912 – March 14, 1999) was a lawyer, doctor of law, professor, honored lawyer of the Armenian SSR, Chairman of the Supreme Court of the Republic of Armenia, Dean of the Faculty of Law of Yerevan State University, Head of Department of the History of the State and Law.
The Granby River is a tributary of the Kettle River in British Columbia, Canada, joining the Kettle just north of the Canada–United States border at the town of Grand Forks. The river is approximately in length and has its origin in the Monashee Mountains to the west of Fauquier on the Arrow Lakes.
At the 2001 India census, Kiranipura had a population of 4941. Males constituted 51% of the population and females 49%. Kiranipura had an average literacy rate of 74%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 82%, and female literacy 66%. In Kiranipura, 12% of the population were under 6 years of age.
The Little Yoho River is a short river in British Columbia that flows east from Kiwetinok Lake, which is the highest named lake in Canada, and into the Yoho River about upstream from the mouth of the creek that Takakkaw Falls is on. It is probably best known for Laughing Falls, an impressive plunge just above the river’s mouth that is seen on the way to Twin Falls.
There are 69 known moons of Jupiter. This gives Jupiter the largest number of moons with reasonably stable orbits of any planet in the Solar System. The most massive of the moons are the four Galilean moons, which were independently discovered in 1610 by Galileo Galilei and Simon Marius and were the first objects found to orbit a body that was neither Earth nor the Sun. From the end of the 19th century, dozens of much smaller Jovian moons have been discovered and have received the names of lovers or daughters of the Roman god Jupiter or his Greek equivalent Zeus. The Galilean moons are by far the largest and most massive objects to orbit Jupiter, with the remaining 65 known moons and the rings together comprising just 0.003% of the total orbiting mass.
Javier Pulido is a Spanish comic book artist working primarily for the American market. His notable works include "Human Target", "", "She-Hulk" and "The Amazing Spider-Man".
On 29 March 2012 "A Music Fairy" has been screened at University of Ankara under celebration of Pakistan Culutral Week "Jeevay Jeevay Pakistan" arranged by Embassy of Pakistan in Turkey. The documentary is appreciated by the audience.
Prokhladnensky District (; ; ) is an administrative and a municipal district (raion), one of the ten in the Kabardino-Balkar Republic, Russia. It is located in the northeast of the republic. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Prokhladny (which is not administratively a part of the district). As of the 2010 Census, the total population of the district was 45,533.
The Home Depot, Inc. or Home Depot is an American home improvement supplies retailing company that sells tools, construction products, and services. The company is headquartered at the Atlanta Store Support Center in unincorporated Cobb County, Georgia (with an Atlanta mailing address).
As the day wears on, Michael becomes convinced that what happened to his office is a hate crime and an act of terrorism. Believing it to have been perpetrated by someone in the office, he begins to lose his faith in his employees, whom he considers his friends. Michael tries talking to his former boss Ed Truck (Ken Howard), who tells him that he does not need to have his employees be his friends. But his mood changes drastically when he finds out the prank was carried out by his obnoxious friend Todd Packer (David Koechner). Michael instantly finds the joke hilarious, and his faith in his friends is restored. At the end of the day, Jim is cheered up when he finds that all seven of his voicemail messages were left by Pam throughout the day. Jim is seen driving home, and Pam's voicemails act as a voice - over, closing out the episode.
As a young boy he was fascinated with the everyday life around him and the historical events he was witness to, including the war, and the occupation of Austria. He drew street scenes as well as military hardware. Some of his works covered surfaces of up to 500 square meters, but only survived until the next rain.
``You'll Lose a Good Thing ''is a popular song written by rhythm and blues artist Barbara Lynn Ozen, who, performing as Barbara Lynn, scored a 1962 Top 10 hit, peaking at # 8 and also the number 1 spot on the R&B charts, with her bluesy rendition of the song.
Crnče is a village in the municipality of Bela Palanka, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 64 people. The village has a slight connection with big-serving tennis ace Ivo Karlović as his father came from a nearby farm. Ivo has often returned to the area however since a confrontation with local police over an alleged incident of exposure he has ceased such visits until such time as he receives an official apology and retraction of the allegation.
Luna is a village in Rajasthan, India, famous as the birthplace of Mehdi Hassan. It is a panchayat village in ￼￼Al￼￼sisarTehseel of Jhunjhunu District.
The Mariel boatlift was a mass emigration of Cubans, who traveled from Cuba's Mariel Harbor to the United States between 15 April and 31 October 1980. The term "Marielito" (plural "Marielitos") is used to refer to these refugees in both Spanish and English. While the boatlift was incited by a sharp downturn in the Cuban economy, generations of Cubans had immigrated to the United States before the boatlift in search of both political freedom and economic opportunities.
Al Kawd is a town in south-western Yemen, near Zinjibar. It is located in the Abyan Governorate and lies on the Gulf of Aden, approximately 40 kilometres by road east of Aden. The Wadi Bana, a major river of Yemen flows into the sea to the east of the town.
Fabiana da Silva Simões (born 4 August 1989), known as Fabiana or Fabiana Baiana (by adding the demonym of Bahia, her home state), is a Brazilian football defender who last played for F.C. Barcelona in the Primera División, and for the Brazil national team. In 2009 and 2010 she played professional club football in the United States with Boston Breakers of Women's Professional Soccer (WPS). As well as teams in her native Brazil, Fabiana has played for Sporting de Huelva of Spain's Primera División and WFC Rossiyanka of the Russian Top Division.
Kolkata, formerly known as Calcutta in English, is the capital of the Indian state of West Bengal and is located in eastern India on the east bank of the River Hooghly. The city was a colonial city developed by the British East India Company and then by the British Empire. Kolkata was the capital of the British Indian empire until 1911 when the capital was relocated to Delhi. Kolkata grew rapidly in the 19th century to become the second city of the British Empire. This was accompanied by the development of a culture that fused European philosophies with Indian tradition.
Léon Émile Clément-Thomas was Governor General for various colonies in the Second French Colonial Empire, notably that of Senegal from 1888 to 1890 and French India from 1891 to 1896. In 1893 Clément-Thomas was made an honorary Knight Commander of the Indian Empire by the Government of British India.
A 2006 study found Ashkenazi Jews to be a clear, homogeneous genetic subgroup. Strikingly, regardless of the place of origin, Ashkenazi Jews can be grouped in the same genetic cohort – that is, regardless of whether an Ashkenazi Jew's ancestors came from Poland, Russia, Hungary, Lithuania, or any other place with a historical Jewish population, they belong to the same ethnic group. The research demonstrates the endogamy of the Jewish population in Europe and lends further credence to the idea of Ashkenazi Jews as an ethnic group. Moreover, though intermarriage among Jews of Ashkenazi descent has become increasingly common, many Haredi Jews, particularly members of Hasidic or Hareidi sects, continue to marry exclusively fellow Ashkenazi Jews. This trend keeps Ashkenazi genes prevalent and also helps researchers further study the genes of Ashkenazi Jews with relative ease. It is noteworthy that these Haredi Jews often have extremely large families.
Bob Mould (sometimes referred to as Hubcap) is the third solo album by former Hüsker Dü and Sugar guitarist and singer Bob Mould. It was recorded and mixed between September & November 1995 and released in April 1996. Mould played all of the instruments on the album himself, and the sleeve notes declare, "This one is for me." In the place of traditional band credits, the sleeve states, "Bob Mould is Bob Mould."
Queen of the Elephants is a book written by the conservationist and travel writer Mark Shand and the corresponding BBC documentary "Queen of the Elephants", based on the life of the first female mahout in recent times—Parbati Barua of Kaziranga. The book went on to win the award, providing free publicity simultaneously to the profession of mahouts, and to Kaziranga.
Henry Frederick of Württemberg-Winnental (16 October 1687 in Stuttgart – 27 September 1734 in Winnental) was a German general. He was the son of Frederick Charles, Duke of Württemberg-Winnental and Margravine Eleonore Juliane of Brandenburg-Ansbach.
Area code 404 of the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) identifies a numbering plan area (NPA) that covers Atlanta, Georgia and its closest suburbs, roughly the area encircled by Interstate 285. It is an enclave area code, completely surrounded by area code 770, which serves most of Atlanta's suburbs. Both 404 and 770 are overlaid by area codes 678 and 470.
``Blue Suede Shoes ''Single by Elvis Presley from the album Elvis Presley B - side`` Tutti Frutti'' Released March 1956 (1956 - 03) Format 7 - inch 45 rpm, 10 - inch 78 rpm Recorded January 30, 1956 Studio RCA, New York City Genre Rockabilly, rock and roll Length 1: 58 Label RCA Victor Songwriter (s) Carl Perkins Producer (s) Steve Sholes Elvis Presley singles chronology ``Shake, Rattle and Roll ''(1956)`` Blue Suede Shoes'' (1956) ``I Got a Woman ''(1956)
Born in Detroit, Michigan, his advanced musical studies were at the University of Zurich, with a Ph.D. in musicology after writing a dissertation on Giuseppe Verdi. He was a pupil of Hermann Scherchen, later his assistant.
Caliber .50 is a 1989 scrolling shooter arcade game developed by SETA Corporation. A port of the game was released for the Sega Genesis in 1991.
Oberhausen is one of the seventeen "Planungsräume" (English: Planning district, singular "Planungsraum") of Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany. Located in the northwestern portion of the city, it is home to 23,510 residents as of January 1, 2006, making it one of the larger planning districts in terms of population. Contained within Oberhausen are five "Stadtbezirke" (English: ward, singular "Stadtbezirk.") The second largest river in Augsburg, the Wertach River, flows through Oberhausen.
The Free Software Directory (FSD) is a project of the Free Software Foundation (FSF). It catalogs free software that runs under free operating systems - particularly GNU and Linux. The cataloged projects are often able to run in several other operating systems. The project was formerly co-run by UNESCO.
Relaciones peligrosas (English: Dangerous Affairs), originally known as "Física o Química" ("Physics or Chemistry"), is an American Spanish-language telenovela produced by Telemundo Studios, Miami. It is an adaptation of the Spanish television series "Física o Química".
Keturah (Hebrew: קְטוּרָה ‎, Modern Ktura, Tiberian Qəṭûrā; possibly meaning ``incense '') was a concubine and wife of the Biblical patriarch Abraham. According to the Book of Genesis, Abraham married Keturah after the death of his first wife, Sarah. Abraham and Keturah had six sons.
Roman is a male first name. It has distant origins dating back to the Roman Empire and the Latin language. It comes from the Latin word ``romanus '', which means`` of Rome''. In this initial sense, the title ``Roman ''means`` a citizen of the Roman Empire'', a man of Roman (or Byzantine) culture, Latin or Greek. The name day festival for Roman may take place on different days depending on the country.
With an estimated population of 1,381,069 as of July 1, 2014, San Diego is the eighth-largest city in the United States and second-largest in California. It is part of the San Diego–Tijuana conurbation, the second-largest transborder agglomeration between the US and a bordering country after Detroit–Windsor, with a population of 4,922,723 people. San Diego is the birthplace of California and is known for its mild year-round climate, natural deep-water harbor, extensive beaches, long association with the United States Navy and recent emergence as a healthcare and biotechnology development center.
Destiny's Child was an American girl group whose final and best - known line - up comprised Beyoncé Knowles, Kelly Rowland, and Michelle Williams. Formed in 1997 in Houston, Texas, Destiny's Child members began their musical career as Girl's Tyme, formed in 1990, comprising Knowles, Rowland, LaTavia Roberson, and LeToya Luckett among others. After years of limited success, the quartet were signed in 1997 to Columbia Records and Music World Entertainment as Destiny's Child. Destiny's Child was launched into mainstream recognition following the release of their best - selling second album, The Writing's on the Wall (1999), which contained the number - one singles ``Bills, Bills, Bills ''and`` Say My Name''. Despite critical and commercial success, the group was plagued by internal conflict and legal turmoil, as Roberson and Luckett attempted to split from the group's manager Mathew Knowles, citing favoritism of Knowles and Rowland.
The Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life ranks Egypt as the fifth worst country in the world for religious freedom. The United States Commission on International Religious Freedom, a bipartisan independent agency of the US government, has placed Egypt on its watch list of countries that require close monitoring due to the nature and extent of violations of religious freedom engaged in or tolerated by the government. According to a 2010 Pew Global Attitudes survey, 84% of Egyptians polled supported the death penalty for those who leave Islam; 77% supported whippings and cutting off of hands for theft and robbery; and 82% support stoning a person who commits adultery.
This was one of the few failures from Aaron Spelling's production company in its history, since it was picked by ABC to debut right after the Super Bowl in 1985 and was heavily promoted during the game. The promotion resulted in high ratings at first, but the series was cancelled three months into its run, after ranking 40th out of 104 programs that aired that season with an average 15.76 household rating, according to TVTango.com. The ratings decline was blamed on ABC's repeated changing of the show's timeslot before settling on Monday nights at 10:00 p.m., known as "the graveyard slot."
There are two major sports centers in Nanjing, Wutaishan Sports Center and Nanjing Olympic Sports Center. Both of these two are comprehensive sports centers, including stadium, gymnasium, natatorium, tennis court, etc. Wutaishan Sports Center was established in 1952 and it was one of the oldest and most advanced stadiums in early time of People's Republic of China.
The Latin American wars of independence were the revolutions that took place during the late 18th and early 19th centuries and resulted in the creation of a number of independent countries in Latin America. These revolutions followed the American and French Revolutions, which had profound effects on the British, Spanish, Portuguese, and French colonies in the Americas. Haiti, a French slave colony, was the first to follow the United States; the Haitian Revolution lasted from 1791 to 1804, when they won their independence. The Peninsular War with France, which resulted from the Napoleonic occupation of Spain, caused Spanish Creoles in Spanish America to question their allegiance to Spain, stoking independence movements that culminated in the wars of independence, which lasted almost two decades. At the same time, the Portuguese monarchy relocated to Brazil during Portugal's French occupation. After the royal court returned to Lisbon, the prince regent, Pedro, remained in Brazil and in 1822 successfully declared himself emperor of a newly independent Brazil. Cuban independence was fought against Spain in two wars (Ten Years and Little War). Cuba and Puerto Rico remained under Spanish rule until the Spanish -- American War in 1898.
In The Sensory Order: An Inquiry into the Foundations of Theoretical Psychology (1952), Hayek independently developed a "Hebbian learning" model of learning and memory – an idea which he first conceived in 1920, prior to his study of economics. Hayek's expansion of the "Hebbian synapse" construction into a global brain theory has received continued attention in neuroscience, cognitive science, computer science, behavioural science, and evolutionary psychology, by scientists such as Gerald Edelman, and Joaquin Fuster.
A Day in the Life is an album by Jane Siberry, released in 1997. It was the second release on her own Sheeba Records label after leaving Reprise.
RMS "Titanic" was a British passenger liner that sank in the North Atlantic Ocean in 1912 after the ship struck an iceberg during her maiden voyage from Southampton to New York City. Of the estimated 2,224 passengers and crew aboard, more than 1,500 died, making it one of modern history's deadliest peacetime commercial marine disasters. RMS "Titanic" was the largest ship afloat at the time she entered service and was the second of three s operated by the White Star Line. She was built by the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast. Thomas Andrews, chief naval architect of the shipyard at the time, died in the disaster.
Gmina Tarnów is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the city of Tarnów, although the city is not part of the territory of the gmina.
The California State Senate is the upper house of the California State Legislature. Due to the state's large population and relatively small legislature, the State Senate has the largest population per representative ratio of any state legislative house. In the United States House of Representatives, California is apportioned 53 representatives, each representing approximately 704,566 people, while in the State Senate, each of the 40 Senators represents approximately 931,349 people, with the result that California state senators each actually represent more voters than California's representatives to the United States Congress do. Each member represents a population roughly equivalent to the state of Delaware. As a result of Proposition 140 in 1990 and Proposition 28 in 2012, members elected to the legislature prior to 2012 are restricted by term limits to two four - year terms (eight years), while those elected in or after 2012 are allowed to serve 12 years in the legislature in any combination of four - year state senate or two - year state assembly terms.
The Battle of Soltau () took place on 28 June 1519 and was the military climax of the Hildesheim Diocesan Feud which lasted from 1519–1523. Some sources describe it as "the last knights' battle" ("Die letzte Ritterschlacht").
Kiltormer GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the Clontuskert, Lawrencetown and Kiltormer areas outside Ballinasloe, County Galway, Ireland. The club is primarily concerned with the game of hurling.
The Declaration was passed on July 2 with no opposing votes. A committee of five had drafted it to be ready when Congress voted on independence. John Adams, a leader in pushing for independence, had persuaded the committee to select Thomas Jefferson to compose the original draft of the document, which Congress edited to produce the final version. The Declaration was a formal explanation of why Congress had voted on July 2 to declare independence from Great Britain, more than a year after the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War. Adams wrote to his wife Abigail, ``The Second Day of July 1776, will be the most memorable Epocha, in the History of America ''-- although Independence Day is actually celebrated on July 4, the date that the wording of the Declaration of Independence was approved.
Mississippi ( (listen)) is a state located in the southeastern region of the United States. Mississippi is the 32nd largest and 34th-most populous of the 50 United States. Mississippi is bordered to north by Tennessee, to the east by Alabama, to the south by the Gulf of Mexico, to the southwest by Louisiana, and to the northwest by Arkansas.  Mississippi's western boundary is largely defined by the Mississippi River.  Jackson is both the state's capital and largest city.  Greater Jackson, with an estimated population of 580,166 in 2018, is the most populous metropolitan area in Mississippi and the 95th-most populous in the United States.
Buvik Idrettslag is a multi-sports team from Buvik in Skaun, Norway. In 2012, the club's first football team played in the Second Division, having won their Third Division conference in 2011. The team was, however, relegated after only one season in the Second Division. They play their home games at Buvik Stadion.
The 10 - year ban was passed by the US Congress on September 13, 1994, following a close 52 -- 48 vote in the US Senate, and was signed into law by US President Bill Clinton on the same day. The ban applied only to weapons manufactured after the date of the ban's enactment. It expired on September 13, 2004, in accordance with its sunset provision.
Malone led the NBA in rebounding six times, including a then - record five straight seasons (1981 -- 1985). He finished his career as the all - time leader in offensive rebounds after leading both the ABA and NBA in the category a combined nine times. Malone was nicknamed ``Chairman of the Boards ''for his rebounding prowess. Combining his ABA and NBA statistics, he ranks seventh all - time in career points (29,580) and third in total rebounds (17,834). He was named to both the ABA All - Time Team and the NBA's 50th Anniversary All - Time Team.
Badamlı (also, Badamly) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan. It is located 14 km in the west from the district center. Its population is busy with gardening and animal husbandry. There are secondary school, culture house, library and hospital in the village. It has a population of 1,101. There were the ram stone sculptures of the Middle Ages in the cemetery of its territory.
The Fortress of an-Nekhel is a Ksar (castle) located in the Nekhel Municipality of the Sinai Peninsula in Egypt. It holds a strategic location at the exact center of the peninsula. Excavations at the site have revealed remains dating from Ancient Egypt. It has historically been an important stop and staging ground for Muslim pilgrims undertaking the Hajj or Umra, holy Muslim pilgrimages.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Theatrical release poster Directed by Tim Burton Produced by Brad Grey Richard D. Zanuck Screenplay by John August Based on Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl Starring Johnny Depp Freddie Highmore David Kelly Helena Bonham Carter Noah Taylor Missi Pyle James Fox Deep Roy Christopher Lee Narrated by Geoffrey Holder Music by Danny Elfman Cinematography Philippe Rousselot Edited by Chris Lebenzon Production companies The Zanuck Company Plan B Entertainment Village Roadshow Pictures Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures Release date July 10, 2005 (2005 - 07 - 10) (Grauman's Chinese Theatre) July 15, 2005 (2005 - 07 - 15) (United States) July 29, 2005 (2005 - 07 - 29) (United Kingdom) Running time 115 minutes Country United States United Kingdom Language English Budget $150 million Box office $475 million
The Social Chapter is a chapter of the 1997 Treaty of Amsterdam covering social policy issues in European Union law. The basis for the Social Chapter was developed in 1989 by the "social partners" representatives, namely UNICE, the employers' confederation, the European Trade Union Confederation (ETUC) and CEEP, the European Centre of Public Enterprises. A toned down version was adopted as the Social Charter at the 1989 Strasbourg European Council. The Social Charter declares 30 general principles, including on fair remuneration of employment, health and safety at work, rights of disabled and elderly, the rights of workers, on vocational training and improvements of living conditions. The Social Charter became the basis for European Community legislation on these issues in 40 pieces of legislation.
Constitution Gardens is a park area in Washington, D.C., United States, located within the boundaries of the National Mall. The park is bounded on the west by the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, on the east by 17th St NW, on the north by Constitution Avenue, and on the south by the Reflecting Pool. Constitution Gardens has a small pond, which contains an island open to pedestrians.
Kis-Küküllő was an administrative county (comitatus) of the Kingdom of Hungary. Its territory is now in central Romania (central Transylvania). Kis-Küküllő is the Hungarian name for the Târnava Mică River. The capital of the county was "Dicsőszentmárton" (now Târnăveni).
Chardon is a former settlement Butte County, California, United States. It was located on the railroad between Oroville Junction (formerly, Tres Vias) and East Biggs (formerly, Rio Bonito), west of Oroville. The place was named for Charles Langdon, an early settler. A post office operated at Chardon from 1894 to 1907. In 1897, the townsite and post office were moved southwest from its original site.
Rob Larter graduated from Durham University in 1982 with a degree in Geology. At the University of Birmingham he completed a PhD in Geological Sciences in 1991. He was a Research Associate with the Antarctic Marine Group at Birmingham University from 1983 to 1987.
Colton Underwood (born January 26, 1992) is a former American football tight end. He played college football at Illinois State and was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2014. After retiring from football, Underwood was a contestant on the 14th season of The Bachelorette, and was then announced as the titular focus for the 23rd season of The Bachelor.
Globally as of 2012, death by suicide occurs about 1.8 times more often in males than females. In the Western world, males die three to four times more often by means of suicide than do females. This difference is even more pronounced in those over the age of 65, with tenfold more males than females dying by suicide. Suicide attempts and self-harm are between two and four times more frequent among females. Researchers have attributed the difference between attempted and completed suicides among the sexes to males using more lethal means to end their lives. However, separating intentional suicide attempts from non-suicidal self-harm is not currently done in the United States when gathering statistics at the national level.China has one of the highest female suicide rates in the world and is the only country where it is higher than that of men (ratio of 0.9). In the Eastern Mediterranean, suicide rates are nearly equivalent between males and females. The highest rate of female suicide is found in South Korea at 22 per 100,000, with high rates in South-East Asia and the Western Pacific generally.A number of reviews have found an increased risk of suicide among transgender, lesbian, gay, and bisexual people. Among transgender persons rates of attempted suicide are about 40% compared to a general population rate of 5%. This is believed to in part be due to  social stigmatisation.
In September 1939, Britain entered the Second World War, which lasted until 1945. During the war, many of London's children were evacuated to avoid the frequent aerial bombing. The suggestion by senior politician Lord Hailsham that the two princesses should be evacuated to Canada was rejected by Elizabeth's mother, who declared, "The children won't go without me. I won't leave without the King. And the King will never leave." Princesses Elizabeth and Margaret stayed at Balmoral Castle, Scotland, until Christmas 1939, when they moved to Sandringham House, Norfolk. From February to May 1940, they lived at Royal Lodge, Windsor, until moving to Windsor Castle, where they lived for most of the next five years. At Windsor, the princesses staged pantomimes at Christmas in aid of the Queen's Wool Fund, which bought yarn to knit into military garments. In 1940, the 14-year-old Elizabeth made her first radio broadcast during the BBC's Children's Hour, addressing other children who had been evacuated from the cities. She stated: "We are trying to do all we can to help our gallant sailors, soldiers and airmen, and we are trying, too, to bear our share of the danger and sadness of war. We know, every one of us, that in the end all will be well."
Burke's Reflections sparked a pamphlet war. Thomas Paine penned the Rights of Man in 1791 as a response to Burke; Mary Wollstonecraft published A Vindication of the Rights of Men and James Mackintosh wrote Vindiciae Gallicae. Mackintosh was the first to see the Reflections as "the manifesto of a Counter Revolution". Mackintosh later agreed with Burke's views, remarking in December 1796 after meeting him, that Burke was "minutely and accurately informed, to a wonderful exactness, with respect to every fact relating to the French Revolution". Mackintosh later said: "Burke was one of the first thinkers as well as one of the greatest orators of his time. He is without parallel in any age, excepting perhaps Lord Bacon and Cicero; and his works contain an ampler store of political and moral wisdom than can be found in any other writer whatever".
The Free Software Definition written by Richard Stallman and published by Free Software Foundation (FSF), defines free software as being software that ensures that the end users have freedom in using, studying, sharing and modifying that software. The term "free" is used in the sense of "free speech," not of "free of charge." The earliest-known publication of the definition was in the February 1986 edition of the now-discontinued GNU's Bulletin publication of FSF. The canonical source for the document is in the philosophy section of the GNU Project website. , it is published there in 39 languages. FSF publishes a list of licences which meet this definition.
The 2004 Republican National Convention, the presidential nominating convention of the Republican Party of the United States, took place from August 30 to September 2, 2004 at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York. The convention is one of a series of historic quadrennial meetings at which the Republican candidate for President of the United States and party platform are formally adopted. Attendance included 2,509 delegates and 2,344 alternate delegates from the states, territories and the District of Columbia. The convention marked the formal end of the active primary election season. , it is the most recent major-party nominating convention to be held in New York City.
A study of haplotypes of the Y-chromosome, published in 2000, addressed the paternal origins of Ashkenazi Jews. Hammer et al. found that the Y-chromosome of Ashkenazi and Sephardic Jews contained mutations that are also common among Middle Eastern peoples, but uncommon in the general European population. This suggested that the male ancestors of the Ashkenazi Jews could be traced mostly to the Middle East. The proportion of male genetic admixture in Ashkenazi Jews amounts to less than 0.5% per generation over an estimated 80 generations, with "relatively minor contribution of European Y chromosomes to the Ashkenazim," and a total admixture estimate "very similar to Motulsky's average estimate of 12.5%." This supported the finding that "Diaspora Jews from Europe, Northwest Africa, and the Near East resemble each other more closely than they resemble their non-Jewish neighbors." "Past research found that 50–80 percent of DNA from the Ashkenazi Y chromosome, which is used to trace the male lineage, originated in the Near East," Richards said.
The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births for Guinea Bissau was 1000. This compares with 804.3 in 2008 and 966 in 1990. The under 5 mortality rate, per 1,000 births, was 195 and the neonatal mortality as a percentage of under 5's mortality was 24. The number of midwives per 1,000 live births was 3; one out of eighteen pregnant women die as a result of pregnancy. According to a 2013 UNICEF report, 50% of women in Guinea Bissau had undergone female genital mutilation. In 2010, Guinea Bissau had the 7th highest maternal mortality rate in the world.
Mile High Pinball is a late 2005 pinball video game developed by Ideaworks3D and published by Nokia for the Nokia N-Gage.
In 1956, she worked closely with Deborah Kerr to supply the star's singing voice for the film version of Rodgers and Hammerstein's The King and I and the next year she again worked with Kerr to dub her voice in An Affair to Remember. That year, she also sang for Sophia Loren in Boy on a Dolphin. In 1960, she dubbed Janet Leigh's voice in Pepe and had an on - screen chorus role in Can - Can. In 1961's West Side Story, the studio kept her work on the film (as the singing voice of Natalie Wood's Maria) a secret from the actress, and Nixon also dubbed Rita Moreno's singing in the film's ``Tonight ''quintet. She asked the film's producers for, but did not receive, any direct royalties from her work on the film, but Leonard Bernstein contractually gave her 1 / 4 of one percent of his personal royalties from it. In 1962, she also sang Wood's high notes in Gypsy. For My Fair Lady in 1964, she again worked with the female lead of the film, Audrey Hepburn, to perform the songs of Hepburn's character Eliza. Because of her uncredited dubbing work in these films, Time magazine called her`` The Ghostess with the Mostest''.
Peter Altenberg (9 March 1859 – 8 January 1919) was a writer and poet from Vienna, Austria. He was key to the genesis of early modernism in the city.
Taken is a 2008 English - language French action thriller film written by Luc Besson and Robert Mark Kamen, and directed by Pierre Morel. It stars Liam Neeson, Maggie Grace, Famke Janssen, Katie Cassidy, Leland Orser, and Holly Valance. Neeson plays Bryan Mills, a former CIA operative who sets about tracking down his teenage daughter Kim (Grace) and her best friend (Cassidy) after the two girls are kidnapped by Albanian sex traffickers while traveling in France.
Israel was established as a homeland for the Jewish people and is often referred to as a Jewish state. The country's Law of Return grants all Jews and those of Jewish ancestry the right to Israeli citizenship. Over three quarters, or 75.5%, of the population are Jews from a diversity of Jewish backgrounds. Around 4% of Israelis (300,000), ethnically defined as "others", are Russian descendants of Jewish origin or family who are not Jewish according to rabbinical law, but were eligible for Israeli citizenship under the Law of Return. Approximately 75% of Israeli Jews are born in Israel, 17% are immigrants from Europe and the Americas, and 8% are immigrants from Asia and Africa (including the Arab World). Jews from Europe and the former Soviet Union and their descendants born in Israel, including Ashkenazi Jews, constitute approximately 50% of Jewish Israelis. Jews who left or fled Arab and Muslim countries and their descendants, including both Mizrahi and Sephardi Jews, form most of the rest of the Jewish population. Jewish intermarriage rates run at over 35% and recent studies suggest that the percentage of Israelis descended from both Sephardi and Ashkenazi Jews increases by 0.5 percent every year, with over 25% of school children now originating from both communities.
In 1984, Measure 6 amended the state constitution to once more make the death penalty legal. Measure 7, a statutory measure passed in the same year, required a separate sentencing hearing before a jury in cases of aggravated murder.
The Slavery Abolition Act 1833 (3 & 4 Will. IV c. 73) was an 1833 Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom abolishing slavery throughout the British Empire (with the exceptions ``of the Territories in the Possession of the East India Company '', Ceylon, now Sri Lanka, and Saint Helena; the exceptions were eliminated in 1843). The Act was repealed in 1998 as part of a wider rationalisation of English statute law, but later anti-slavery legislation remains in force.
The Camden Indians were an American basketball team based in Camden, New Jersey that was a member of the American Basketball League.
Central Park Brass is a performing Quintet formed in 2002 to play an annual series of brass chamber music concerts in New York City’s Central Park.
First Army Division East was established by Department of the Army Permanent Order 156-7 to provide training and readiness oversight and mobilization operations for an area of responsibility spanning 27 states and territories east of the Mississippi River. First Army Division East is responsible for mobilizing, training, readiness oversight and deploying the United States' Reserve and National Guard Soldiers, and selected Sailors and Airmen along with members of multiple interagency and governmental entities.
Most episodes feature a storyline taking place in the present (2016 -- 2018, contemporaneous with airing) and a storyline taking place at a set time in the past; but some episodes are set in one time period or use multiple flashback time periods. Flashbacks often focus on Jack and Rebecca c. 1980 both before and after their babies' birth, or on the family when the Big Three are children (at least ages 8 -- 10) or adolescents; these scenes usually take place in Pittsburgh, where the Big Three are born and raised. Various other time periods and locations have also served as settings. Recently, the show has flashed back to follow the lives of newer characters, such as Randall's foster child, Deja. As adults, Kate lives in Los Angeles, Randall and his family are in New Jersey, and Kevin relocates from Los Angeles to New York City.
Pinellas County is a county located in the state of Florida. As of the 2010 census, the population was 916,542. The county is part of the Tampa -- St. Petersburg -- Clearwater, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area. Clearwater is the county seat, and St. Petersburg is the largest city.
London is one of the leading tourist destinations in the world and in 2015 was ranked as the most visited city in the world with over 65 million visits. It is also the top city in the world by visitor cross-border spending, estimated at US$20.23 billion in 2015 Tourism is one of London's prime industries, employing the equivalent of 350,000 full-time workers in 2003, and the city accounts for 54% of all inbound visitor spend in UK. As of 2016 London is rated as the world top ranked city destination by TripAdvisor users.
The Rue d'Austerlitz is a street in the 4th arrondissement of Lyon, in La Croix-Rousse quarter. It begins on the rue du Mail, at the corner of Place de la Croix-Rousse, crosses the rue du Pavilion, the rue de Belfort and the rue Aimé Boussange, and ends on Place Bellevue. Its name refers to the Battle of Austerlitz, one of the greatest victories of Napoleon. There are metro and velo'v stations.
999 or 112 is used to contact the emergency services upon witnessing or being involved in an emergency. In the United Kingdom, the numbers 999 and 112 both connect to the same service, and there is no priority or charge for either of them. Callers dialling 911, the USA's emergency number, will be transferred to the 999 call system if the call is made within the United Kingdom.
Southern California consists of a heavily developed urban environment, home to some of the largest urban areas in the state, along with vast areas that have been left undeveloped. It is the third most populated megalopolis in the United States, after the Great Lakes Megalopolis and the Northeastern megalopolis. Much of southern California is famous for its large, spread-out, suburban communities and use of automobiles and highways. The dominant areas are Los Angeles, Orange County, San Diego, and Riverside-San Bernardino, each of which is the center of its respective metropolitan area, composed of numerous smaller cities and communities. The urban area is also host to an international metropolitan region in the form of San Diego–Tijuana, created by the urban area spilling over into Baja California.
Ietim Gurji (, real name: Ietim Dabghishvili) (1875 in Tbilisi – 15 July 1940) was a Georgian poet. He wrote in Georgian, Armenian and Azeri languages. His poetry mainly was distributed orally, by songs, which he created and performed himself. Main motifs of his poetry were the lives of late 19th and early 20th century Old Tbilisi bohemians, along with workers, peasants and petite bourgeoisie.
Following Barry Hearn's takeover of the World Professional Billiards and Snooker Association, the Grand Prix was reformatted and renamed to World Open. The event gave a chance for amateurs to play alongside professionals. The amateurs had to win 3 matches to qualify for the main draw. On 9 January 2012 it was announced, that the World Open would be held in the next five years in Haikou on the Hainan Island. In November 2014, it was announced that the tournament would not be held in the 2014 / 2015 season after the contract with the promoter was not renewed and a new venue was not found in time. The event returned in the 2016 / 2017 season.
Rumors of the discovery of gold were confirmed in March 1848 by San Francisco newspaper publisher and merchant Samuel Brannan. Brannan hurriedly set up a store to sell gold prospecting supplies, and walked through the streets of San Francisco, holding aloft a vial of gold, shouting ``Gold! Gold! Gold from the American River! ''
Muslim physicians contributed to the field of medicine, including the subjects of anatomy and physiology: such as in the 15th century Persian work by Mansur ibn Muhammad ibn al-Faqih Ilyas entitled Tashrih al-badan (Anatomy of the body) which contained comprehensive diagrams of the body's structural, nervous and circulatory systems; or in the work of the Egyptian physician Ibn al-Nafis, who proposed the theory of pulmonary circulation. Avicenna's The Canon of Medicine remained an authoritative medical textbook in Europe until the 18th century. Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi (also known as Abulcasis) contributed to the discipline of medical surgery with his Kitab al-Tasrif ("Book of Concessions"), a medical encyclopedia which was later translated to Latin and used in European and Muslim medical schools for centuries. Other medical advancements came in the fields of pharmacology and pharmacy.
``Dreamscaperers ''is the nineteenth episode of the first season in the animated series Gravity Falls. The episode is the first of the two - part season finale, the second being`` Gideon Rises''. It was first broadcast on July 12, 2013, on the Disney Channel. It was written by series creator Alex Hirsch, alongside Matt Chapman and Tim McKeon, and directed by Joe Pitt and John Aoshima. It marks the first appearance of Bill Cipher.
Ann Jäderlund (born 1955) is a Swedish poet and playwright. She made her literary debut in 1985 with the poetry collection "Vimpelstaden". Other collections are "Snart går jag i sommaren ut" from 1990 and "I en cylinder i vattnet av vattengråt" from 2006. She was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 2004.
Old St. Peter's Basilica was the 4th - century church begun by the Emperor Constantine the Great between 319 and 333 AD. It was of typical basilical form, a wide nave and two aisles on each side and an apsidal end, with the addition of a transept or bema, giving the building the shape of a tau cross. It was over 103.6 metres (340 ft) long, and the entrance was preceded by a large colonnaded atrium. This church had been built over the small shrine believed to mark the burial place of St. Peter. It contained a very large number of burials and memorials, including those of most of the popes from St. Peter to the 15th century. Like all of the earliest churches in Rome, both this church and its successor had the entrance to the east and the apse at the west end of the building. Since the construction of the current basilica, the name Old St. Peter's Basilica has been used for its predecessor to distinguish the two buildings.
Melvin Mercedes (born November 2, 1990) is a Dominican former professional baseball pitcher who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) in one game for the Detroit Tigers on August 15, 2014.
Nigeria is divided into thirty-six states and one Federal Capital Territory, which are further sub-divided into 774 Local Government Areas (LGAs). The plethora of states, of which there were only three at independence, reflect the country's tumultuous history and the difficulties of managing such a heterogeneous national entity at all levels of government. In some contexts, the states are aggregated into six geopolitical zones: North West, North East, North Central, South East, South South, and South West.
Plaza de Toros La Macarena is a bullring in Medellín, Colombia. It is currently used for bull fighting. The stadium holds 15,000 spectators. It was opened in 1945.
If Not for You is the debut studio album by British-Australian singer-songwriter Olivia Newton-John, released in November 1971 by Festival Records. The album was released on the Pye International label in the UK as "Olivia Newton-John", with a slightly different cover. As a covers album, "If Not for You" features mostly songs previously recorded from contemporary artists of the 1960s and early 1970s. She made several performances to promote "If Not for You" and her follow-up album, "Olivia", including an international tour with British singer Cliff Richard. It was her first album released by Festival Records, which would release all her albums in Australia until its dissolution in 2005. It also has Newton-John's first works with her long-time musical partner, John Farrar.
Doubtful Creek, formerly known as Doubtful River, a watercourse that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin, is located in the Snowy Mountains district of New South Wales, Australia.
In August 2015, Viadeo announced they had engaged in an advertising campaign in France to promote a 'new vision' and that the member base had passed the 10 million mark in France.
Prior to Mendel's work, the dominant theory of heredity was one of blending inheritance, which suggested that each parent contributed fluids to the fertilisation process and that the traits of the parents blended and mixed to produce the offspring. Charles Darwin developed a theory of inheritance he termed pangenesis, which used the term gemmule to describe hypothetical particles that would mix during reproduction. Although Mendel's work was largely unrecognized after its first publication in 1866, it was 'rediscovered' in 1900 by three European scientists, Hugo de Vries, Carl Correns, and Erich von Tschermak, who claimed to have reached similar conclusions in their own research.
Myanmar (myan-MAR i/miɑːnˈmɑːr/ mee-ahn-MAR, /miˈɛnmɑːr/ mee-EN-mar or /maɪˈænmɑːr/ my-AN-mar (also with the stress on first syllable); Burmese pronunciation: [mjəmà]),[nb 1] officially the Republic of the Union of Myanmar and also known as Burma, is a sovereign state in Southeast Asia bordered by Bangladesh, India, China, Laos and Thailand. One-third of Myanmar's total perimeter of 1,930 km (1,200 miles) forms an uninterrupted coastline along the Bay of Bengal and the Andaman Sea. The country's 2014 census revealed a much lower population than expected, with 51 million people recorded. Myanmar is 676,578 square kilometres (261,227 sq mi) in size. Its capital city is Naypyidaw and its largest city is Yangon (Rangoon).
The daughter of Minnesota Supreme Court Justice John E. Simonett, Anne Simonett received a degree in music from Lawrence University in Appleton, Wisconsin. She received a masters degree in music performance, graduating "magna cum laude" from Yale University. She received her law degree from Harvard University in 1981.
The Greatest American was a four-part American television series hosted by Matt Lauer in 2005. The show featured biographies and lists of influential persons in U.S. history, and culminated in a contest in which millions in the audience nominated and voted for the person they felt was the "greatest American". The competition was conducted by AOL and the Discovery Channel and reported on by the BBC.
Christian Ackermann was born in Königsberg. He worked in Riga, Stockholm, and Gdańsk, before becoming active in Tallinn from about 1672 until his death in 1710. In 1675, Ackermann moved to Tallinn and acquired his own workshop. He probably died either in 1710 or a short time later from plague.
The current Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, of the United States House of Representatives serves as floor leader of the opposition party, and is the counterpart to the Majority Leader. Unlike the Majority Leader, the Minority Leader is on the ballot for Speaker of the House during the convening of the Congress. If the Minority Leader's party takes control of the House, and the party officers are all re-elected to their seats, the Minority Leader is usually the party's top choice for Speaker for the next Congress, while the Minority Whip is typically in line to become Majority Leader. The Minority Leader usually meets with the Majority Leader and the Speaker to discuss agreements on controversial issues.
Hundred Years' War Clockwise, from top left: The Battle of La Rochelle, The Battle of Agincourt, The Battle of Patay, Joan of Arc at the Siege of Orléans Date 24 May 1337 -- 19 October 1453 Location France, the Low Countries, Great Britain, Iberian peninsula Result French victory House of Valois retains the French throne English claims to the French throne de facto abandoned Strengthening of the French monarchy Rise of nationalistic identities in England and France Decline of chivalry Decline of feudalism Territorial changes France acquired the English continental possessions England retained ownership of the Channel Islands and Calais Belligerents Kingdom of France County of Flanders Duchy of Burgundy Duchy of Brittany Kingdom of Scotland Kingdom of Bohemia Duchy of Lorraine Republic of Genoa Crown of Castile Crown of Aragon Kingdom of Majorca Avignon Papacy Kingdom of England Principality of Wales Duchy of Aquitaine English Kingdom of France Duchy of Brittany Duchy of Burgundy County of Flanders County of Hainaut Kingdom of Portugal Kingdom of Navarre Papal States Commanders and leaders Philip VI (1337 - 1350) John II (1350 - 1364) Charles V (1364 - 1380) Charles VI (1380 - 1422) Charles VII (1422 - 1453) Edward III (1337 - 1377) Richard II (1377 - 1399) Henry IV (1399 - 1413) Henry V (1413 - 1422) Henry VI (1422 - 1453)
The Geomdeok mine is one of the largest lead and zinc mines in North Korea and in the world. The mine is located in the center of the country in South Hamgyong Province. The mine has estimated reserves of 266 million tonnes of ore 0.88% lead and 4.21% zinc .
``Moon River ''is a song composed by Henry Mancini with lyrics by Johnny Mercer. It was originally performed by Audrey Hepburn in the 1961 movie Breakfast at Tiffany's, winning an Academy Award for Best Original Song. The song also won the 1962 Grammy Awards for Record of the Year and Song of the Year.
The Bennigsen Beavers were established in 1993 as a department of FC Bennigsen, and became an independent sporting team on January 1, 2004. The club fielded 7 teams for the 2005 season, including three men's teams, a women's team, a junior team, a youth team and a student team. As of mid-2005, the Beavers claimed a total of 97 Members.
Undercovers is an American action spy television series created by J. J. Abrams and Josh Reims that aired NBC from September 22 to December 29, 2010. They were executive producers of the pilot along with Abrams' frequent collaborator Bryan Burk.
Fort Collinson was a Hudson's Bay Company trading post (Post Number B.405) located on Victoria Island in the Northwest Territories, Canada. It is situated on the Prince Albert Peninsula on the north side of Walker Bay, just north of Minto Inlet.
Codo is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2008 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 228 inhabitants.
KOLL (106.3 FM, "La Zeta") is a radio station licensed in Lonoke, Arkansas, broadcasting to the Little Rock, Arkansas, area. KOLL airs Regional Mexican music format. The station's studios are located in West Little Rock, and the transmitter tower is located near Pettus.
Tucson is located 118 mi (190 km) southeast of Phoenix and 60 mi (97 km) north of the United States - Mexico border. The 2010 United States Census puts the city's population at 520,116 with a metropolitan area population at 980,263. In 2009, Tucson ranked as the 32nd largest city and 52nd largest metropolitan area in the United States. A major city in the Arizona Sun Corridor, Tucson is the largest city in southern Arizona, the second largest in the state after Phoenix. It is also the largest city in the area of the Gadsden Purchase. As of 2015, The Greater Tucson Metro area has exceeded a population of 1 million.
The first congress of the Moroccan Communist Party, held in April 1946 issued an appeal to the people of Morocco to join forces in the struggle for independence, for democratic freedoms and improving the situation of the workers. In the manifesto "For the unification and independence of Morocco", issued in August 1946, the party the need to create a united national front. Communists actively participated in armed struggles against the French colonial authorities in the period 1953-1956. After the proclamation of the sovereign State of Morocco in 1956, the party advocated strengthening national independence, the evacuation of foreign troops from Morocco, the elimination of foreign military bases, liberation of the country from foreign domination monopolies, for the nationalization of banks, mining companies, agrarian reform, raising the standard of living of the masses. The party was banned at several occasions, and its leaders were harassed by authorities. In July 1968 the Moroccan Communist Party founded the Party of Liberation and Socialism, which was banned in 1969. In 1974, this party was re-founded as the Party of Progress and Socialism (PPS), which is today one of the major left-wing parties in Morocco and scored sixth (with 5.4% of the votes) in the Moroccan parliamentary election, 2007.
Stadio Giuseppe Grezar was a multi-use stadium in Trieste, Italy. It was inaugurated in 1932 as the Stadio Littorio and was initially used as the stadium of U.S. Triestina Calcio matches. The capacity of the stadium was 8,000. It hosted the match between Czechoslovakia and Romania during the 1934 FIFA World Cup.
The Biggest Loser: Couples is the fifth season of the NBC reality television series "The Biggest Loser". The fifth season premiered on January 1, 2008 with ten overweight couples competing for a cash prize of $250,000. This season featured Alison Sweeney as the host, with trainers Bob Harper and Jillian Michaels; all three returning from season four.
Maze Hill is an area in Greenwich and Blackheath, in south-east London, lying to the east of Greenwich Park, and west of the Westcombe Park area of Blackheath. It is part of the Royal Borough of Greenwich, and takes its name from the main thoroughfare, Maze Hill. It gives its name to Maze Hill railway station.
Movie Surfers is a Disney Channel mini that appears in commercial form where teenagers go behind the scenes of Walt Disney related films. It was about teenagers communicating with each other via webcams and getting info about upcoming Disney theatrical movies. Now it also appears after a Disney Channel movie or series ends.
Season three premiered on January 19, 2004. One of the most talked-about contestants during the audition process was William Hung whose off-key rendition of Ricky Martin's "She Bangs" received widespread attention. His exposure on Idol landed him a record deal and surprisingly he became the third best-selling singer from that season.
Marie - Charms Mishael Morgan (born July 15, 1986) known professionally as Mishael Morgan, is a Trinidadian - Canadian actress known for the role of Hilary Curtis on CBS Daytime soap opera, The Young and the Restless.
Lucy (voiced by Ellie Kemper) is a friend to the Bears and runs a produce delivery service called Lucy's Produce. She first appears in ``Panda's Date ''where she takes an immediate liking to the Bears and their goofy personalities. Panda quickly (as usual) develops a crush on her, but she seems to be unaware of his feelings. She finally returns in season 3 episode,`` Lucy's Brother'' where it is revealed that she delivers fruit to the Bears every Friday. In that same episode she is shown to have a younger brother named Clifford whom she cares for and worries over immensely. She is also shown to be a terrible dancer. Despite being oblivious to Panda's feelings for her, the two share a mutual friendship. Clifford (voiced by Hudson West) is Lucy's younger brother. He has many allergies and has trouble socializing with others. He constantly wanders off and is very shy. He starts to like Panda once he is considered a friend. He is also very defensive of his sister, seen as he is aware that many boys use him as an attempt to get close to her and gets mad at Panda for doing so. Fortunately, he and Panda reconcile and consider each other close friends.
Thirukkanur is a village in the union territory of Puducherry, India. It one of 16 villages located in Mannadipet commune panchayat of the Villianur taluk. It is bordered by the state of Tamil Nadu both to the east and west.
James Dearden (born 14 September 1949) is an English film director and screenwriter, the son of Scottish actress Melissa Stribling and acclaimed English film maker Basil Dearden. He directed seven films between 1977 and 1999. His film "Pascali's Island" was entered into the 1988 Cannes Film Festival. Dearden is married to British actress Annabel Brooks.
Belprahon is a municipality in the Jura bernois administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is located in the French-speaking part of the canton in the Jura mountains.
H-2 Worker is a 1990 documentary film about the exploitation of Jamaican guest workers in Florida's sugar cane industry. It was directed by Stephanie Black, and won the Sundance Film Festival Grand Jury Prize for documentaries in the 1990 festival. It was shot in Belle Glade, Clewiston, and Okeelanta, Florida as well as Jamaica and includes cane fields and worker camps (Ritta Village, Prewitt Village) owned by US Sugar Corporation and the Okeelanta Corporation.
Women's colleges in the United States are single - sex U.S. institutions of higher education that only admit female students. They are often liberal arts colleges. There were approximately 37 active women's colleges in the United States in the fall of 2016.
Champlain is a municipality, located in Les Chenaux Regional County Municipality and the administrative region the Mauricie, in the province of Quebec, Canada. Located on the north shore of St. Lawrence River, Champlain is also part of the metropolitan area of Trois-Rivières.
Radulphe (also spelled Radulph, Rodolphe, etc.) was a French monk who, without permission from his superiors, left his monastery in France and travelled to the Rhine Valley during the Second Crusade (1147–49) where he preached "that the Jews should be slain as the enemies of the Christian religion."
The Qing dynasty (1644–1911) was founded after the fall of the Ming, the last Han Chinese dynasty, by the Manchus. The Manchus were formerly known as the Jurchens. When Beijing was captured by Li Zicheng's peasant rebels in 1644, the Chongzhen Emperor, the last Ming emperor, committed suicide. The Manchus then allied with former Ming general Wu Sangui and seized control of Beijing, which became the new capital of the Qing dynasty. The Mancus adopted the Confucian norms of traditional Chinese government in their rule of China proper. Schoppa, the editor of The Columbia Guide to Modern Chinese History argues, "A date around 1780 as the beginning of modern China is thus closer to what we know today as historical 'reality'. It also allows us to have a better baseline to understand the precipitous decline of the Chinese polity in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries."
The Three-Day Reign (삼일천하 - "Samil cheonha") a.k.a. Three Days of Their Reign is a 1973 South Korean film directed by Shin Sang-ok. It was awarded Best Film at the Blue Dragon Film Awards ceremony. Actor Shin Young-kyun was also named Best Actor for his performance in the film.
Until the second half of the 15th century the empire had a Christian majority, under the rule of a Muslim minority. In the late 19th century, the non-Muslim population of the empire began to fall considerably, not only due to secession, but also because of migratory movements. The proportion of Muslims amounted to 60% in the 1820s, gradually increasing to 69% in the 1870s and then to 76% in the 1890s. By 1914, only 19.1% of the empire's population was non-Muslim, mostly made up of Christian Greeks, Assyrians, Armenians, and Jews.
Hermansverk or Leikanger is a large village in the municipality of Leikanger in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway. The village serves as the administrative centre of both the municipality of Leikanger and also Sogn og Fjordane county (although the county capital is usually referred to as Leikanger, not Hermansverk).
Carried Away was a Canadian contemporary Christian musical group from Ontario, Canada. Signed to independent record label Glide Records until 2009, the group released three studio albums.
Baltimore Orioles center fielder Brady Anderson is featured on the cover. "Bottom of the 9th '99" does not have a Major League Baseball license, but it is endorsed by the Major League Baseball Players Association. This game has the 1998 opening day rosters with over 700 players. This game has six playing modes: exhibition, season, training, trade, statistics, and scenario mode.
He is an original cast member on the show "Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles" on the Bravo television network. The show follows young real estate agents in Los Angeles as they sell high-end homes. Flagg has been recognized by "The Wall Street Journal" as one of the top-ranked agents in California and nationally by sales volume and as a top 25 real estate agent by "The Hollywood Reporter".
The Museu d'Art Jaume Morera (Jaume Morera Art Museum) is a museum in Lleida (Catalonia) created by the Diputació de Lleida and the Lleida City Council ("La Paeria") with the collaboration of the painter Jaume Morera i Galícia. It is the museum of modern and contemporary art of the city of Lleida. Today is municipally owned and receives financial support from the "Diputació de Lleida" and the Department of Culture of the Generalitat of Catalonia. Its entrance is free.
The Vatican Cricket Team is an amateur cricket team established by the Vatican to help establish ties between the Catholic Church and countries and regions where the sport is popular including India and the Caribbean and to encourage inter-faith dialogue.
Greater Grace International School, formerly known as the Greater Grace Christian Academy is a Christian school in Budapest, Hungary. The school offers a US curriculum and is accredited by the Association of Christian Schools International.
Gmina Brzeziny is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. Its seat is the town of Brzeziny, although the town is not part of the territory of the gmina.
Nolan and Joy serve as executive producers, along with J.J. Abrams, Jerry Weintraub, and Bryan Burk. The first season was broadcast between October 2 and December 4, 2016; it comprised ten episodes. In November 2016, HBO renewed the series for a ten - episode second season, which was broadcast from April 22 to June 24, 2018. Westworld's debut on HBO had the network's highest viewership ratings for a premiere since the first episode of True Detective in 2014. Moreover, the series ranks as the most - watched first season of any HBO original series. On May 1, 2018, Westworld was renewed for a third season.
In 1929, Lionel Robbins assumed the helm of the London School of Economics (LSE). Eager to promote alternatives to what he regarded as the narrow approach of the school of economic thought that then dominated the English-speaking academic world (centred at the University of Cambridge and deriving largely from the work of Alfred Marshall), Robbins invited Hayek to join the faculty at LSE, which he did in 1931. According to Nicholas Kaldor, Hayek's theory of the time-structure of capital and of the business cycle initially "fascinated the academic world" and appeared to offer a less "facile and superficial" understanding of macroeconomics than the Cambridge school's.
Laurel Springs School is a WASC-accredited K–12 distance learning school in Ojai, California, United States. Laurel Springs School offers personalized resources, customizable curricula, individualized teacher services, college advising and other services to families attending public and private school who are looking for another option; distance learning and home education students; students pursuing acting or sports careers; families living abroad; home school families; private and public schools and tutoring centers.
La Silvia (RV 734) is an "dramma pastorale per musica" in three acts by Antonio Vivaldi to an Italian libretto by Enrico Bissari. It was first performed on 28 August 1721 at the Teatro Regio Ducale in Milan on the occasion of the birthday celebrations of the Austrian Empress Elisabeth Christine, wife of Emperor Charles VI of Austria.
Michel Foucault claims that the contemporary concept of police as a paid and funded functionary of the state was developed by German and French legal scholars and practitioners in Public administration and Statistics in the 17th and early 18th centuries, most notably with Nicolas Delamare's Traité de la Police ("Treatise on the Police"), first published in 1705. The German Polizeiwissenschaft (Science of Police) first theorized by Philipp von Hörnigk a 17th-century Austrian Political economist and civil servant and much more famously by Johann Heinrich Gottlob Justi who produced an important theoretical work known as Cameral science on the formulation of police. Foucault cites Magdalene Humpert author of Bibliographie der Kameralwissenschaften (1937) in which the author makes note of a substantial bibliography was produced of over 4000 pieces of the practice of Polizeiwissenschaft however, this maybe a mistranslation of Foucault's own work the actual source of Magdalene Humpert states over 14,000 items were produced from the 16th century dates ranging from 1520-1850.
"Marianne and Juliane" also marked the first time that von Trotta worked with Barbara Sukowa. They would go on to work on six more films together.
The Biggest Loser (season 2) is the second season of the NBC competitive reality television series entitled "The Biggest Loser". The second season premiered on September 13, 2005, and like season one features overweight contestants who compete by trying to lose the most weight. The show is hosted by comedian Caroline Rhea, with Bob Harper and Jillian Michaels joining as the
Vic Washington first starred with the CFL's Ottawa Rough Riders in 1968 and 1969, winners of back-to-back Grey Cup Championships in 1968 & 1969 against the Calgary Stampeders and the Saskatchewan Roughriders, respectively. In the first of the two title matches, Washington received the Most Valuable Player award for his game-winning 80-yard touchdown run from scrimmage, establishing a Grey Cup record that still stands. He played one more season in the CFL with the 1970 B.C.Lions before leaving for the NFL.
Israel, and The US Air Force, in conjunction with the members of NATO, has developed significant tactics for air defence suppression. Dedicated weapons such as anti-radiation missiles and advanced electronics intelligence and electronic countermeasures platforms seek to suppress or negate the effectiveness of an opposing air-defence system. It is an arms race; as better jamming, countermeasures and anti-radiation weapons are developed, so are better SAM systems with ECCM capabilities and the ability to shoot down anti-radiation missiles and other munitions aimed at them or the targets they are defending.
Sir Robert Palk, 1st Baronet (December 1717 – 29 April 1798) of Haldon House in the parish of Kenn, in Devon, England, was an officer of the British East India Company who served as Governor of the Madras Presidency. In England he served as MP for Ashburton in 1767 and between 1774 and 1787 and for Wareham, between 1768 and 1774.
Anna of Hohenstaufen (1230 – April 1307), born Constance, was an Empress of Nicaea. She was a daughter of Frederick II, Holy Roman Emperor and Bianca Lancia.
North Carolina is home to three major league sports franchises: the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League and the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association are based in Charlotte, while the Raleigh-based Carolina Hurricanes play in the National Hockey League. The Panthers and Hurricanes are the only two major professional sports teams that have the same geographical designation while playing in different metropolitan areas. The Hurricanes are the only major professional team from North Carolina to have won a league championship, having captured the Stanley Cup in 2006. North Carolina is also home to Charlotte Hounds of the Major League Lacrosse.
Tennessee Titans Current season Established August 3, 1959; 58 years ago (August 3, 1959) First season: 1960 Play in Nissan Stadium Nashville, Tennessee Headquartered in Saint Thomas Sports Park, Nashville, Tennessee Logo Wordmark League / conference affiliations American Football League Eastern Division (1960 -- 1969) National Football League (1970 -- present) American Football Conference (1970 -- present) AFC Central (1970 -- 2001) AFC South (2002 -- present) Current uniform Team colors Navy, Titans Blue, Red, Silver Mascot T - Rac Personnel Owner (s) KSA Industries Chairman Susie Adams Smith Amy Adams Strunk CEO Steve Underwood President Steve Underwood General manager Jon Robinson Head coach Mike Mularkey Team history Houston Oilers (1960 -- 1996) Tennessee Oilers (1997 -- 1998) Tennessee Titans (1999 -- present) Championships League championships (2) AFL Championships 1960, 1961 Conference championships (1) AFC: 1999 Division championships (9) AFL East: 1960, 1961, 1962, 1967 AFC Central: 1991, 1993, 2000 AFC South: 2002, 2008 Playoff appearances (21) AFL: 1960, 1961, 1962, 1967, 1969 NFL: 1978, 1979, 1980, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2007, 2008 Home fields Jeppesen Stadium (1960 -- 1964) Rice Stadium (1965 -- 1967) Houston Astrodome (1968 -- 1996) Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium (1997) Vanderbilt Stadium (1998) Nissan Stadium (1999 -- present)
``I'm Leaving It Up to You ''Single by Dale & Grace from the album I'm Leaving It Up to You B - side`` Stop and Think It Over'' Released September 1963 Format 45 rpm Recorded 1963 Genre Pop, doo - wop Length 2: 13 Label Montel Songwriter (s) Don F. Harris, Dewey Terry Producer (s) Sam Montel Dale & Grace singles chronology ``I'm Leaving It Up to You ''(1963)`` Stop and Think It Over'' (1964) ``I'm Leaving It Up to You ''(1963)`` Stop and Think It Over'' (1964)
Born in Lagos, Nigeria, Samuel Oboh studied architecture at the Bendel State University - now Ambrose Alli University - for his bachelor's degree (B.Sc) and he earned a Master of Science degree in architecture from the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Nigeria. He graduated from the University of Alberta with a Master of Arts where he was a recipient of the Herbert Marshall McLuhan Graduate Student Award.
This is a list of villages in Møre og Romsdal, a county of Norway. The list excludes cities located in Møre og Romsdal.
Bob Elkins (born 1932) is an American character actor who has appeared in movies, plays and television productions. He is sometimes credited as Robert Elkins.
Maria Luisa of Savoy (Maria Luisa Gabriella; 17 September 1688 – 14 February 1714) was a queen consort of Spain by marriage to Philip V of Spain. She acted as Regent of Spain during the absence of her spouse from 1702 until 1703, and had great influence over him as his adviser, while she was herself in turn influenced by the Princesse des Ursins.
Bondary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus. It lies approximately south-east of Michałowo and south-east of the regional capital Białystok.
The Aïn Barbar mine is a large open pit mine in the south-eastern Algeria in Tamanrasset Province. Aïn Barbar represents one of the largest feldspar reserves in Algeria having estimated reserves of 7 million tonnes of ore.
Agricola I is an abstract sculpture by American artist David Smith. The artwork is located on the grounds at and in the collection of the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C., United States. The word "agricola" means "farmer" in Latin. This work is the first in the "Agricola" series by Smith.
Cabbage Patch Kids are a line of soft sculptured doll - like creatures sold by Xavier Roberts and registered in the United States copyright office in 1978.
Pearce began his football career with Birmingham City, but never played for their first team. He spent time on loan at Notts County, with whom he made his debut in the English Football League, Port Vale, Scunthorpe United and Peterborough United before leaving Birmingham permanently for Huddersfield Town in 2010. He returned to Notts County later that year, and had a spell on loan at Barnet in 2012 before signing for Torquay United in 2013. He spent two seasons with Torquay, moving on to Mansfield Town in 2015.
Sunita Pandya Lyn Williams (born September 19, 1965) is an American astronaut and United States Navy officer of Indo-Slovenian descent. She formerly held the records for total spacewalks by a woman (seven) and most spacewalk time for a woman (50 hours, 40 minutes). Williams was assigned to the International Space Station as a member of Expedition 14 and Expedition 15. In 2012, she served as a flight engineer on Expedition 32 and then commander of Expedition 33.
Glomeridae is a family of pill millipedes in the order Glomerida. It includes dozens of genera, including many which are yet to be described  the family includes at least the following genera:
Jesse Tittsworth (born 26 February 1979), better known under his stage name Tittsworth, is an American DJ, producer, night club owner, and record label owner. He has worked with the likes of Q-Tip, Theophilus London, Pitbull, Kid Sister and more. He has been featured on MTV, VIBE, Pitchfork, XLR8R, and countless other outlets.
The 2017 -- 18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season will begin on November 10, 2017 The first tournament will be the 2K Sports Classic and the season will end with the Final Four in San Antonio on April 2, 2018. Practices officially began on September 29, 2017.
Silvia Ballestra ( Porto San Giorgio, 1969 ) is an Italian writer. In 2006 she won the Rapallo Carige Prize.
At the age of 20, Ibrahim Shihata graduated with a BA in law from Cairo University Law School at the top of his class. He originally planned to continue his education in the United States, but then received an offer from the Conseil d’Etat to work as a legal advisor in the Ministry of Health.
Madonna and Child with Flowers, otherwise known as the Benois Madonna, could be one of two Madonnas Leonardo da Vinci had commented on having started in October 1478. The other one could be "Madonna of the Carnation" from Munich.
HMS "Speedy" was a 14-gun "Speedy"-class brig of the British Royal Navy. Built during the last years of the American War of Independence, she served with distinction during the French Revolutionary Wars.
The West Coast or Pacific Coast is the coastline along which the contiguous Western United States meets the North Pacific Ocean. As a region, this term most often refers to the coastal states of California, Oregon and Washington. More specifically, it refers to an area defined on the east by the Cascade Range, Sierra Nevada and Mojave Desert, and on the west by the Pacific Ocean. The U.S. Census groups the five states of California, Oregon, Washington, Alaska, and Hawaii together as the Pacific States division. The west coast except Alaska is overwhelmingly liberal compared to the rest of the United States.
The history of Islam in Somalia is as old as the religion itself. The early persecuted Muslims fled to various places in the region, including the city of Zeila in modern-day northern Somalia, so as to seek protection from the Quraysh. Somalis were among the first populations on the continent to embrace Islam. With very few exceptions, Somalis are entirely Muslims, the majority belonging to the Sunni branch of Islam and the Shafi`i school of Islamic jurisprudence, although a few are also adherents of the Shia Muslim denomination.
Wiechert is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern region of the Moon's far side. It lies to the southeast of the huge walled plain Schrödinger, less than 170 km from the southern pole.
"Always Look on the Bright Side of Life" is a comedy song written by Monty Python member Eric Idle that was first featured in the 1979 film "Monty Python's Life of Brian" and has gone on to become a common singalong at public events such as football matches as well as funerals.
Dog Star Man is a series of short experimental films, all directed by Stan Brakhage, featuring Jane Wodening. It was released during 1961 to 1964 and comprises a prelude and four parts.
The Astros clinched their first division title as a member of the American League West division, and first division title overall since 2001. They also became the first team in Major League history to win three different divisions, the National League West in 1980 and 1986, the National League Central from 1997 -- 1999 and 2001, and now the American League West in 2017. On September 29, the Astros won their 100th game of the season, the second time the Astros finished a season with over 100 wins (the other time was in 1998). They finished 101 -- 61 (with a 21 - game lead in the division), and faced the Red Sox in the second round of the AL playoffs. The Astros defeated the Red Sox three games to one, and advanced to the American League Championship Series against the New York Yankees. The Astros won the ALCS four games to three, and advanced to the World Series to play against the Los Angeles Dodgers. The Astros defeated the Dodgers in the deciding seventh game of the World Series, winning the first championship in franchise history.
Barefoot on the Beach is a smooth jazz album by American singer-songwriter Michael Franks, released in 1999 by Windham Hill Records.
Michael Melkonian studied Biology at the University of Hamburg 1968–1978, receiving a Diploma degree in Botany in 1974. He remained in Hamburg to complete a doctorate in Botany (plant physiology) in 1978. In 1978 he moved, as an Assistant Professor to the Botany Department at the University of Münster, where he stayed until his appointment as Full Professor and Chair of Botany at the University of Cologne in 1988. In 1982 he was Visiting Assistant Professor at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine of Yeshiva University (Bronx, N.Y.). From 1986–1988 he was a Heisenberg Fellow of the German Research Foundation (DFG). Since 2001 Melkonian is also Director of the Culture Collection of Algae at the University of Cologne (CCAC).
Since the first season in 1950 Germany has produced three F1 World Drivers' Champions. The first title did not come until 1994 when Michael Schumacher claimed his first of seven championship victories. Sebastian Vettel is the second German drivers' champion, winning back - to - back titles in 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013. Nico Rosberg is the third German drivers' champion, winning the title in 2016. Wolfgang von Trips was leading the championship in 1961 at the time of his fatal accident, and finished 2nd in the standings, just 1 point behind eventual champion Phill Hill.
H. Vernon Watson (18861952), better known under his stage name Nosmo King, was a popular English variety artist. He was touring the music halls before World War I, but he remained relatively obscure until the 1920s, when he went by Nosmo King. He was the father of actor Jack Watson.
Immediately after the minor league Triple - A Montreal Royals folded in 1960, political leaders in Montreal sought an MLB franchise, and when the National League evaluated expansion candidates for the 1969 season, it awarded a team to Montreal. Named after the Expo 67 World's Fair, the Expos originally played at Jarry Park Stadium before moving to Olympic Stadium in 1977. The Expos failed to post a winning record in any of their first ten seasons. The team won its only division title in the strike - shortened 1981 season, but lost the 1981 National League Championship Series (NLCS) to the Los Angeles Dodgers. The team was sold in 1991 by its majority, founding owner, Charles Bronfman, to a consortium headed by Claude Brochu. Felipe Alou was promoted to the team's field manager in 1992, becoming MLB's first Dominican - born manager. He led the team to four winning seasons, including 1994, where the Expos had the best record in baseball before a players' strike ended the season. Alou became the Expos leader in games managed (1409).
Sidi Mohammed Daddach () (born 1957 in Guelta Zemmur, Western Sahara) is a Sahrawi human rights activist imprisoned for 24 years. He is often called "North African Mandela" or "Sahrawi Mandela".
Hickory Plains is an unincorporated community in Prairie County, Arkansas, United States. Hickory Plains is located at the junction of Arkansas highways 13 and 38, west of Des Arc. Hickory Plains has a post office with ZIP code 72066.
The Wind River is a minor tributary of the Mississippi River in western Wisconsin in the United States. It flows for its entire length in western Pierce County. It rises in the town (unincorporated jurisdiction) of Trimbelle and flows southward through the towns of Oak Grove and Diamond Bluff. Wind River joins the Mississippi near the unincorporated community of Diamond Bluff, which is within the larger jurisdiction (the town). The confluence is from the Mississippi's mouth on the Gulf of Mexico.
In 1912, the Republic of China was established and Sun Yat-sen was inaugurated in Nanjing as the first Provisional President. But power in Beijing already had passed to Yuan Shikai, who had effective control of the Beiyang Army, the most powerful military force in China at the time. To prevent civil war and possible foreign intervention from undermining the infant republic, leaders agreed to Army's demand that China be united under a Beijing government. On March 10, in Beijing, Shikai was sworn in as the second Provisional President of the Republic of China.
Hayek's greatest intellectual debt was to Carl Menger, who pioneered an approach to social explanation similar to that developed in Britain by Bernard Mandeville and the Scottish moral philosophers in the Scottish Enlightenment. He had a wide-reaching influence on contemporary economics, politics, philosophy, sociology, psychology and anthropology. For example, Hayek's discussion in The Road to Serfdom (1944) about truth, falsehood and the use of language influenced some later opponents of postmodernism.
Islamic architecture used mosaic technique to decorate religious buildings and palaces after the Muslim conquests of the eastern provinces of the Byzantine Empire. In Syria and Egypt the Arabs were influenced by the great tradition of Roman and Early Christian mosaic art. During the Umayyad Dynasty mosaic making remained a flourishing art form in Islamic culture and it is continued in the art of zellige and azulejo in various parts of the Arab world, although tile was to become the main Islamic form of wall decoration.
The Review of Communication is a peer-reviewed online academic journal which is published by Routledge for the National Communication Association. It publishes scholarship that advances the discipline of communication through the study of major themes that cross the disciplinary sub-fields. The current editor is Pat J. Gehrke.
This Is Your Life was an American reality documentary series broadcast on NBC radio from 1948 to 1952, and on NBC television from 1952 to 1961. It was originally hosted by its creator and producer Ralph Edwards. In the program, the host would surprise guests and then take them through a retrospective of their lives in front of an audience, including appearances by colleagues, friends, and family. Edwards revived the show in 1971 -- 1972, and Joseph Campanella hosted a version in 1983. Edwards returned for some specials in the late 1980s, before his death in 2005.
After two post-doc positions at the Argonne National Laboratory, Chicago, Illinois, and the University of California at Berkeley, California, he was selected in 1987 to join the German astronaut team. From 1988 to 1990, he completed basic training at the German Aerospace Center, and was then nominated to be in the prime crew for the second German Spacelab mission.
Al-Yawar was originally a member of the Iraqi Governing Council created following the US-led 2003 invasion of Iraq. In 2004 he was appointed by the council to serve as interim President of Iraq following the 28 June return of Iraqi sovereignty from the Coalition Provisional Authority.
The break - up of the centralised Mughal empire by 1750, led to the creation of numerous semi-independent kingdoms (all provinces of the former Mughal empire). Nawab Siraj ud - Daulah was defeated by the British forces of Sir Robert Clive in the Battle of Plassey in 1757. Thereafter the Nawab of Bengal became a ``puppet ruler ''depending on military support from British East India company to secure their throne. Siraj - ud - Daulah was replaced by Mir Jaffer. He was personally led to the throne by Robert Clive, after triumph of the British in the battle. He briefly tried to re-assert his power by allying with the Dutch, but this plan was ended by the Battle of Chinsurah. After the defeat at Battle of Buxar and grant of the Diwani (revenue collection) of Bengal by the then Mughal Emperor Shah Alam II, to the British East India Company in August 1765 and the appointment of Warren Hastings by the East India Company as their first Governor General of Bengal in 1773, the Nawabs authority became restricted. By 1773, British East India company asserted much authority and formed the Bengal Presidency over areas ruled by the Nawabs i.e. the Bengal subah, along with some other regions and abolished the system of Dual Government. In 1793 (during Nawab Mubarak ud - Daulah's reign), the Nizamat (military power, civil and criminal justice) was abolished, British East India company thus annexed this former Mughal province as part of their empire and took complete control of the region, and the Nawabs of Bengal became mere pensioners of the British East India Company. All the Diwan offices except the Diwan Ton were also abolished.
Saint Basil wrote a series of guides for monastic life (the Lesser Asketikon the Greater Asketikon the Morals, etc.) which, while not ``Rules ''in the legalistic sense of later Western rules, provided firm indications of the importance of a single community of monks, living under the same roof, and under the guidance -- and even discipline -- of a strong abbot. His teachings set the model for Greek and Russian monasticism but had less influence in the Latin West.
Gone with the Wind is a 1939 American epic historical romance film adapted from Margaret Mitchell's 1936 novel of the same name. The film was produced by David O. Selznick of Selznick International Pictures and directed by Victor Fleming. Set in the American South against the backdrop of the American Civil War and Reconstruction era, the film tells the story of Scarlett O'Hara, the strong - willed daughter of a Georgia plantation owner, from her romantic pursuit of Ashley Wilkes, who is married to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton, to her marriage to Rhett Butler. The leading roles are portrayed by Vivien Leigh (Scarlett), Clark Gable (Rhett), Leslie Howard (Ashley), and Olivia de Havilland (Melanie).
Following the disbandment of Destiny's Child in June 2005, she released her second solo album, B'Day (2006), which contained hits "Déjà Vu", "Irreplaceable", and "Beautiful Liar". Beyoncé also ventured into acting, with a Golden Globe-nominated performance in Dreamgirls (2006), and starring roles in The Pink Panther (2006) and Obsessed (2009). Her marriage to rapper Jay Z and portrayal of Etta James in Cadillac Records (2008) influenced her third album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), which saw the birth of her alter-ego Sasha Fierce and earned a record-setting six Grammy Awards in 2010, including Song of the Year for "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)". Beyoncé took a hiatus from music in 2010 and took over management of her career; her fourth album 4 (2011) was subsequently mellower in tone, exploring 1970s funk, 1980s pop, and 1990s soul. Her critically acclaimed fifth studio album, Beyoncé (2013), was distinguished from previous releases by its experimental production and exploration of darker themes.
Pettai is a panchayat village and revenue village in Pondicherry Union Territory, India. Administratively, Pettai is under the Thirunallar Taluk (formerly Thirunallar Commune Panchayat) of Karaikal District, Pondicherry Union Territory. Pettai is situated on the banks of the Arasalar River, to the west of Karaikal town and south of Thirunallar.
The Halleck Range is a small mountain range in southeastern Alaska, United States, located on the Alaskan side of the Portland Canal. It has an area of 127 km and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains. The range is located within the Misty Fjords National Monument.
Philip Elman (14 March 1918 – 30 November 1999) was an American lawyer at the United States Department of Justice and former member of the Federal Trade Commission. He is best known for writing the government's brief in "Brown v. Board of Education".
By 1900, 7,531 people lived in the city. The population increased gradually to 13,913 in 1910. At about this time, the U.S. Veterans Administration had begun construction on the present Veterans Hospital. Many veterans who had been gassed in World War I and were in need of respiratory therapy began coming to Tucson after the war, due to the clean dry air. Over the following years the city continued to grow, with the population increasing to 20,292 in 1920 and 36,818 in 1940. In 2006 the population of Pima County, in which Tucson is located, passed one million while the City of Tucson's population was 535,000.
Colchester Racing Developments produced Merlyn racing cars from 1960 to 1979. The company was founded by Clive Maskrey, Selwyn Hayward and continued by Hayward's brother, Clive. When the manufacture of Merlyn racing cars stopped, Clive Hayward continued to manufacture Merlyn parts as CRD Tool and Engineering Ltd. This company stopped trading in November 2015, but Clive Hayward continues to run Colchester Racing Developments, manufacturing Merlyn components and carrying out chassis repairs.
Sittas (; died 538) was a Byzantine military commander during the reign of Emperor Justinian I (r. 527–565). During the Iberian War against the Sassanid Empire, Sittas was given command of forces in Armenia, similar to the status of Belisarius in Mesopotamia. He won a victory over the Sassanids at the battle of Satala.
California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed the "Donda West Law", legislation which makes it mandatory for patients to provide medical clearance for elective cosmetic surgery.
Charlie Chan in Shanghai is the ninth Charlie Chan film produced by Fox with the title character played by Warner Oland.
WAJI (95.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format. Licensed to Fort Wayne, Indiana, United States, the station is currently owned by Sarkes Tarzian, Inc.
The Buffelsfontein mine is a large mine located in the northern part of South Africa in Gauteng. Buffelsfontein represents one of the largest uranium reserves in South Africa having estimated reserves of 59.3 million tonnes of ore grading 0.016% uranium.
Tamiami is a census-designated place (CDP) in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. The population was 55,271 at the 2010 census.
In 1955, it was decided to start retiring the names of significant tropical cyclones for 10 years after which they might be reintroduced, with the names Carol and Edna reintroduced ahead of the 1965 and 1968 hurricane seasons respectively. At the 1969 Interdepartmental hurricane conference the naming lists were revised after it was decided that the names Carol, Edna and Hazel, would be permanently retired because of their importance to the research community. It was also decided that any significant hurricane in the future would also be permanently retired. Ahead of the 1971 Atlantic hurricane season, 10 lists of hurricane names were inaugurated, by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. In 1977 it was decided that the World Meteorological Organization's Hurricane Committee (WMO) would control the names used, who subsequently decided that six lists of names would be used in the Atlantic Ocean from 1979 onwards with male names included. Since 1979 the same six lists have been used by the United States National Hurricane Center (NHC) to name systems, with names of significant tropical cyclones retired from the lists permanently and replaced with new names as required at the following year's hurricane committee meeting.
On November 18, 1990, the Ukrainian Autocephalous Orthodox Church enthroned Mstyslav as Patriarch of Kiev and all Ukraine during ceremonies at Saint Sophia's Cathedral. Also on November 18, Canada announced that its consul-general to Kiev would be Ukrainian-Canadian Nestor Gayowsky. On November 19, the United States announced that its consul to Kiev would be Ukrainian-American John Stepanchuk. On November 19, the chairmen of the Ukrainian and Russian parliaments, respectively, Kravchuk and Yeltsin, signed a 10-year bilateral pact. In early December 1990 the Party of Democratic Rebirth of Ukraine was founded; on December 15, the Democratic Party of Ukraine was founded.
Toledo is a province of central Spain, in the western part of the autonomous community of Castile–La Mancha. It is bordered by the provinces of Madrid, Cuenca, Ciudad Real, Badajoz, Cáceres, and Ávila. Its capital is the city of Toledo.
The Mud River is a tributary of the Green River in western Kentucky in the United States. Via the Green and Ohio rivers, it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. It is about long.
Mikhaylovsky District () is an administrative district (raion), one of the thirty-three in Volgograd Oblast, Russia. As a municipal division, it is a part of Mikhaylovka Urban Okrug. It is located in the northwestern central part of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Mikhaylovka (which is not administratively a part of the district). Population: 25,978 (2002 Census);
Keala Joan Settle (born November 5, 1975) is an American actress and singer. Settle originated the role of Norma Valverde in Hands on a Hardbody, which ran on Broadway in 2013, and was nominated for the Outer Critics Circle Award, Drama Desk Award, and Tony Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical. In 2017, she portrayed Lettie Lutz, a bearded lady, in the musical film The Greatest Showman. The song ``This Is Me ''from the film, principally sung by Settle, won the 2018 Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song.
The Taifa of Mértola was a medieval Moorish taifa that existed in what is now southeastern Portugal. It existed during three distinct periods: from 1033 to 1044, from 1144 to 1145, and from 1146 to 1151. From 1044 until 1091 it was under the forcible control of the Taifa of Seville, by Abbad II al-Mu'tadid. Its short-lived history ended in 1151, when it was finally conquered by the Almohad Caliphate.
Ballota is one of nine parishes (administrative divisions) in the Cudillero municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Delta DMD (), a subsidiary company of Delta Holding, is an importer and wholesaler of food and beauty products with headquarters in Belgrade, Serbia. It is also operating in neighboring Montenegro. It was founded in 1997, and has around 340 employees.
GE (General Electric) Energy's renewable energy business has expanded greatly, to keep up with growing U.S. and global demand for clean energy. Since entering the renewable energy industry in 2002, GE has invested more than $850 million in renewable energy commercialization. In August 2008 it acquired Kelman Ltd, a Northern Ireland company specializing in advanced monitoring and diagnostics technologies for transformers used in renewable energy generation, and announced an expansion of its business in Northern Ireland in May 2010. In 2009, GE's renewable energy initiatives, which include solar power, wind power and GE Jenbacher gas engines using renewable and non-renewable methane-based gases, employ more than 4,900 people globally and have created more than 10,000 supporting jobs.
During the First Sino-Japanese War in 1894, Japan absorbed Taiwan. As a result of the Russo-Japanese War in 1905, Japan took part of Sakhalin Island from Russia. Korea was annexed in 1910. During World War I, Japan took German-leased territories in China’s Shandong Province, as well as the Mariana, Caroline, and Marshall Islands. In 1918, Japan occupied parts of far eastern Russia and parts of eastern Siberia as a participant in the Siberian Intervention. In 1931 Japan conquered Manchuria from China. During the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1937, Japan's military invaded central China and by the end of the Pacific War, Japan had conquered much of the Far East, including Hong Kong, Vietnam, Cambodia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Indonesia, part of New Guinea and some islands of the Pacific Ocean. Japan also invaded Thailand, pressuring the country into a Thai/Japanese alliance. Its colonial ambitions were ended by the victory of the United States in the Second World War and the following treaties which remanded those territories to American administration or their original owners.
India -- South Korea relations India South Korea Diplomatic Mission Embassy of India, Seoul, South Korea Embassy of South Korea, New Delhi, India Envoy Ambassador of India to South Korea Sripriya Ranganathan Ambassador of South Korea to India Shin Bong - kil
Anderson attended Alonzo A. Crim High School in Atlanta, then played basketball at the University of Georgia. He was drafted in the second round (54th overall) of the 1996 NBA draft by the Utah Jazz, and played for the Jazz, the Houston Rockets, the New York Knicks and the Heat. His best season was in 1999–2000, when he averaged 12.3 points per game with the Rockets. His career average is 7.8 points per game.
In demographics, the world population is the total number of humans currently living. The world population was estimated to have reached 7.6 billion as of October 2017. The United Nations estimates it will further increase to 11.2 billion by the year 2100.
Novak Djokovic was the two - time defending champion in the Gentlemen's Singles, but he lost in the third round to Sam Querrey, ending a 30 - match winning streak in Grand Slams and Djokovic's hopes of becoming the first man to achieve the golden calendar slam. The Gentlemen's Singles title was won by Andy Murray. Serena Williams successfully defended her Ladies' Singles title and equaled Steffi Graf's Open Era record of 22 major singles titles.
The Fifth Amendment (Amendment V) to the United States Constitution is part of the Bill of Rights and protects individuals from being compelled to be witnesses against themselves in criminal cases. ``Pleading the Fifth ''is a colloquial term for invoking the right that allows witnesses to decline to answer questions where the answers might incriminate them, and generally without having to suffer a penalty for asserting the right. This evidentiary privilege ensures that defendants can not be compelled to become witnesses at their own trials. If, however, they choose to testify, they are not entitled to the right during cross-examination, where questions are relevant to their testimony on direct examination. The Amendment requires that felonies be tried only upon indictment by a grand jury. Federal grand juries can force people to take the witness stand, but defendants in those proceedings have Fifth Amendment privileges until they choose to answer any question. To claim the privilege for failure to answer when being interviewed by police, the interviewee must have explicitly invoked the constitutional right when declining to answer questions.
Agni-V is an intercontinental ballistic missile developed by the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) of India. Agni V is part of the Agni series of missiles, one of the missile systems under the original Integrated Guided Missile Development Program.
On October 6, 1941, both houses of the U.S. Congress passed a joint resolution fixing the traditional last - Thursday date for the holiday beginning in 1942. However, in December of that year the Senate passed an amendment to the resolution that split the difference by requiring that Thanksgiving be observed annually on the fourth Thursday of November, which was usually the last Thursday and sometimes (two years out of seven, on average) the next to last. The amendment also passed the House, and on December 26, 1941, President Roosevelt signed this bill, for the first time making the date of Thanksgiving a matter of federal law and fixing the day as the fourth Thursday of November.
Coloane Park is a large park located on the southern section of Coloane Island in the former Portuguese colony of Macau, now a Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.
Aksum is mentioned in the 1st - century AD Periplus of the Erythraean Sea as an important market place for ivory, which was exported throughout the ancient world. It states that the ruler of Aksum in the 1st century AD was Zoskales, who, besides ruling the kingdom, likewise controlled land near the Red Sea: Adulis (near Massawa) and lands through the highlands of present - day Eritrea. He is also said to have been familiar with Greek literature.
One problem with these assignments is admixture. Many people have a highly varied ancestry. For example, in the United States, colonial and early federal history were periods of numerous interracial relationships, both outside and inside slavery. This has resulted in a majority of people who identify as African American having some European ancestors. Similarly, many people who identify as white have some African ancestors. In a survey in a northeastern U.S. university of college students who identified as "white", about 30% were estimated to have up to 10% African ancestry.
On 18 November 1605, the Duyfken sailed from Bantam to the coast of western New Guinea. After that, Janszoon crossed the eastern end of the Arafura Sea into the Gulf of Carpentaria, without being aware of the existence of Torres Strait. The Duyfken was actually in Torres Strait in February 1606, a few months before Spanish explorer Luís Vaz de Torres sailed through it. On 26 February 1606, Janzoon made landfall at the Pennefather River on the western shore of Cape York in Queensland, near what is now the town of Weipa. This is the first recorded European landfall on the Australian continent. Janszoon proceeded to chart some 320 km (200 mi) of the coastline, which he thought was a southerly extension of New Guinea.
Paris Universitas was an alliance of six institutions of higher education in Paris, France, that existed from 2005 to 2010. Paris Universitas offered a wide range of disciplines, from medicine to the humanities, engineering, law, management and the social sciences. The institution expected to rank between 1 and 3 in Europe for number of publications, although rankings were not released due to the short lifespan of the institution. In 2006, Paris Universitas was ranked first among European universities and 4th in the world for the largest volume of English-language publications.
Cornelius H. Charlton (July 24, 1929 – June 2, 1951) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. Sergeant Charlton posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions near Chipo-ri, South Korea on June 2, 1951.
FedSat (Australia's 'Federation Satellite') is an Australian scientific research satellite launched from Tanegashima Space Center, Japan by a NASDA H-IIA launch vehicle in December 2002 (NASDA is now merged with JAXA). The satellite was developed by the Cooperative Research Centre for Satellite Systems, a cooperative made up of several universities, commercial organisations and government bodies. The ground station is at the Institute for Telecommunications Research, part of the University of South Australia, near Adelaide. Since 2005 it was operated by the Australian Department of Defence.
New York City is home to the headquarters of the National Football League, Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Hockey League, and Major League Soccer. The New York metropolitan area hosts the most sports teams in these five professional leagues. Participation in professional sports in the city predates all professional leagues, and the city has been continuously hosting professional sports since the birth of the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1882. The city has played host to over forty major professional teams in the five sports and their respective competing leagues, both current and historic. Four of the ten most expensive stadiums ever built worldwide (MetLife Stadium, the new Yankee Stadium, Madison Square Garden, and Citi Field) are located in the New York metropolitan area. Madison Square Garden, its predecessor, as well as the original Yankee Stadium and Ebbets Field, are some of the most famous sporting venues in the world, the latter two having been commemorated on U.S. postage stamps.
The presiding officer is the Speaker of the House, who is elected by the members thereof and is therefore traditionally the leader of the controlling party. He or she and other floor leaders are chosen by the Democratic Caucus or the Republican Conference, depending on whichever party has more voting members. The House meets in the south wing of the United States Capitol.
And Things That Go Bump in the Night is a play by Terrence McNally. It premiered on February 4, 1964 at the Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis and ran on Broadway in 1965 for 16 performances. McNally was awarded a Rockefeller Foundation grant to write this play.
George Woodside Simpson (December 10, 1858 – October 21, 1906) was a farmer and political figure on Prince Edward Island. He represented 1st Queens in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 1901 to 1906 as a Liberal.
Alf Heiberg Clausen (born March 28, 1941) is an American film and television composer. He is best known for his work scoring many episodes of "The Simpsons", of which he had been the sole composer between 1990 and 2017. Clausen has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows, including "Moonlighting", "The Naked Gun", "ALF" and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off". Clausen received an Honorary Doctorate of Music from the prestigious Berklee College of Music in 1996.
Indian astronomer and mathematician Aryabhata (476-550), in his Aryabhatiya (499) introduced a number of trigonometric functions (including sine, versine, cosine and inverse sine), trigonometric tables, and techniques and algorithms of algebra. In 628 AD, Brahmagupta suggested that gravity was a force of attraction. He also lucidly explained the use of zero as both a placeholder and a decimal digit, along with the Hindu-Arabic numeral system now used universally throughout the world. Arabic translations of the two astronomers' texts were soon available in the Islamic world, introducing what would become Arabic numerals to the Islamic World by the 9th century. During the 14th–16th centuries, the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics made significant advances in astronomy and especially mathematics, including fields such as trigonometry and analysis. In particular, Madhava of Sangamagrama is considered the "founder of mathematical analysis".
The Cuban War of Independence (, 1895–98) was the last of three liberation wars that Cuba fought against Spain, the other two being the Ten Years' War (1868–1878) and the Little War (1879–1880). The final three months of the conflict escalated to become the Spanish–American War, with United States forces being deployed in Cuba, Puerto Rico, and the Philippine Islands against Spain. Historians disagree as to the extent that United States officials were motivated to intervene for humanitarian reasons but agree that yellow journalism exaggerated atrocities attributed to Spanish forces against Cuban civilians.
In South Africa, pass laws were a form of internal passport system designed to segregate the population, manage urbanisation, and allocate migrant labour. Also known as the natives law, pass laws severely limited the movements of not only black African citizens, but other people's as well by requiring them to carry pass books when outside their homelands or designated areas. Before the 1950s, this legislation largely applied to African men, and attempts to apply it to women in the 1910s and 1950s were met with significant protests. Pass laws would be one of the dominant features of the country's apartheid system, until it was effectively ended in 1986.
Wanhua-BorsodChem – as the European member of the Wanhua Group – is a leading chemical raw material manufacturing company headquartered in Kazincbarcika, Hungary. The company specialized for isocyanates (MDI, TDI), PVC and chlor-alkali (vinyl) businesses. The main production site is located in Kazincbarcika, Hungary but the production is also supported by other European production capacities located in Ostrava, the Czech Republic and Kędzierzyn-Koźle, Poland. Several branch offices are available in Hungary, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Croatia, Italy and Poland.
Histrionic personality disorder (HPD) is defined by the American Psychiatric Association as a personality disorder characterized by a pattern of excessive attention - seeking emotions, usually beginning in early adulthood, including inappropriately seductive behavior and an excessive need for approval. Histrionic people are lively, dramatic, vivacious, enthusiastic, and flirtatious. HPD is diagnosed four times as frequently in women as men. It affects 2 -- 3% of the general population and 10 -- 15% in inpatient and outpatient mental health institutions.
The states of New England have a combined area of 71,991.8 square miles (186,458 km), making the region slightly larger than the state of Washington and larger than England. Maine alone constitutes nearly one - half of the total area of New England, yet is only the 39th - largest state, slightly smaller than Indiana. The remaining states are among the smallest in the U.S., including the smallest state -- Rhode Island.
Harvard University calls itself ``the oldest institution of higher learning in the United States ''and this claim is rarely challenged. It is possible to disagree what year should be taken as Harvard's`` real'' founding date (Harvard uses the earliest possible one, 1636, when the institution was chartered by the Massachusetts Bay Colony). However, Harvard has operated since 1650 under the same corporation, the ``President and Fellows of Harvard College ''; it thus has an unbroken institutional history dating back to the mid seventeenth century (an official Harvard web page for the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences claims,`` Founded in 1636, Harvard is America's oldest university'').
Established originally by the Massachusetts legislature and soon thereafter named for John Harvard (its first benefactor), Harvard is the United States' oldest institution of higher learning, and the Harvard Corporation (formally, the President and Fellows of Harvard College) is its first chartered corporation. Although never formally affiliated with any denomination, the early College primarily trained Congregationalist and Unitarian clergy. Its curriculum and student body were gradually secularized during the 18th century, and by the 19th century Harvard had emerged as the central cultural establishment among Boston elites. Following the American Civil War, President Charles W. Eliot's long tenure (1869–1909) transformed the college and affiliated professional schools into a modern research university; Harvard was a founding member of the Association of American Universities in 1900. James Bryant Conant led the university through the Great Depression and World War II and began to reform the curriculum and liberalize admissions after the war. The undergraduate college became coeducational after its 1977 merger with Radcliffe College.
Politika (; ) is a Serbian daily newspaper, published in Belgrade. Founded in 1904 by Vladislav F. Ribnikar, it is the oldest daily newspaper still in circulation in the Balkans and is considered to be Serbia's newspaper of record.
In a study around 2002, the natural sex ratio at birth was estimated to be close to 1.06 males / female. Some scholars suggest that countries considered to have significant practices of prenatal sex - selection are those with birth sex ratios of 108 and above (selection against females) and 102 and below (selection against males). This assumption has been questioned by some scholars.
The Van Cleve Opera House was an opera house located in Hartford City, Indiana in the United States. It opened in 1882. As of 1884 it was claimed to be able to seat 700 people, but in 1902 it was seating 450 patrons. The opera house featured minstrel works, including around 1902, when "Mr. Mikado" by Frank Dumont was performed. The opera house also hosted academic lectures.
Wayne Gretzky won the award a record nine times during his career, eight consecutively. He has been named MVP more times than any other player in the history of the other three North American major professional leagues (Major League Baseball (MLB), National Basketball Association, and National Football League). Barry Bonds is second, having won the MVP award seven times in the MLB. Gretzky and his Edmonton Oilers teammate Mark Messier are the only players to win the Hart Trophy with more than one team.
The ninth congress, which opened on March 26, began with an extraordinary session of the Congress of People's Deputies taking up discussions of emergency measures to defend the constitution, including impeachment of President Yeltsin. Yeltsin conceded that he had made mistakes and reached out to swing voters in parliament. Yeltsin narrowly survived an impeachment vote on March 28, votes for impeachment falling 72 short of the 689 votes needed for a 2/3 majority. The similar proposal to dismiss Ruslan Khasbulatov, the chairman of the Supreme Soviet was defeated by a wider margin (339 in favour of the motion), though 614 deputies had initially been in favour of including the re-election of the chairman in the agenda, a tell-tale sign of the weakness of Khasbulatov's own positions (517 votes for would have sufficed to dismiss the speaker).By the time of the ninth Congress, the legislative branch was dominated by the joint communist-nationalist Russian Unity bloc, which included representatives of the CPRF and the Fatherland faction (communists, retired military personnel, and other deputies of a socialist orientation), Agrarian Union, and the faction "Russia" led by Sergey Baburin. Together with more 'centrist' groups (e.g. 'Change' (Смена)), the Yeltsin supporters ('Democratic Russia', 'Radical democrats') were clearly left in the minority.
Damon and Ben Affleck wrote "Good Will Hunting" (1997), a screenplay about a young math genius, which received nine Academy Awards nominations, earning Damon and Affleck Oscars and Golden Globes for Best Screenplay. Damon was also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for the same film. Since then he has received dozens of nominations and awards for his work as an actor, screenwriter, and producer including the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his role in "The Martian".
Many colonists in the Americas, however, developed a different conception of their role within the British Empire. In particular, because the colonies were not directly represented in Parliament, colonists argued that Parliament had no right to levy taxes upon them. After colonists destroyed thousands of pounds of British - taxed tea during the Boston Tea Party, Parliament passed the Coercive Acts in 1774, punishing the colonies for their actions. These punitive Acts were vehemently opposed by the colonists, leading the newly formed Continental Congress to seek redress with King George III, in an attempt to reach a common understanding.
``Kiss from a Rose ''is a song from Seal's second eponymous album. The song was first released as a single in July 1994. Re-released in 1995, it was included on the Batman Forever film soundtrack, helping it top the charts in the US and Australia. At the 1996 Grammy Awards, it won awards for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.
Super Mario Party features online multiplayer for the first time in the Mario Party series. While Party Mode's board games are restricted to offline play, players are able to play the game's 80 minigames with other players either locally or online independent of the board games in the game's ``Online Mariothon ''mode. In the Online Mariothon mode, players compete in five randomly - selected minigames aiming to get the highest score. It also features leader boards and a ranking system, as well as rewards that the players can receive for playing the mode.
Pennell Coast is that portion of the coast of Antarctica between Cape Williams and Cape Adare. To the west of Cape Williams lies Oates Coast, and to the east and south of Cape Adare lies Borchgrevink Coast. Named by New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee (NZ-APC) in 1961 after Lieutenant Harry Pennell, Royal Navy, commander of the Terra Nova, the expedition ship of the British Antarctic Expedition, 1910-13. Pennell engaged in oceanographic work in the Ross Sea during this period. In February 1911 he sailed along this coast in exploration and an endeavor to land the Northern Party led by Lieutenant Victor Campbell.
The newest Major League Baseball (MLB) ballpark is SunTrust Park in Cumberland, Georgia, home of the Atlanta Braves, which opened for the 2017 season. Fenway Park in Boston, home of the Boston Red Sox, is the oldest, having opened in 1912.
Newport News is included in the Hampton Roads metropolitan area. It is at the southeastern end of the Virginia Peninsula, on the northern shore of the James River extending southeast from Skiffe's Creek along many miles of waterfront to the river's mouth at Newport News Point on the harbor of Hampton Roads. The area now known as Newport News was once a part of Warwick County. Warwick County was one of the eight original shires of Virginia, formed by the House of Burgesses in the British Colony of Virginia by order of King Charles I in 1634. The county was largely composed of farms and undeveloped land until almost 250 years later.
May Creek is a creek located in the Boundary Country of British Columbia. The creek is a tributary of July Creek. May Creek flows into July Creek about five miles west of Grand Forks, British Columbia. The creek has been mined for gold.
Ethiopia's population has grown from 33.5 million in 1983 to 87.9 million in 2014. The population was only about 9 million in the 19th century. The 2007 Population and Housing Census results show that the population of Ethiopia grew at an average annual rate of 2.6% between 1994 and 2007, down from 2.8% during the period 1983–1994. Currently, the population growth rate is among the top ten countries in the world. The population is forecast to grow to over 210 million by 2060, which would be an increase from 2011 estimates by a factor of about 2.5.
George Perkins Merrill (May 31, 1854 in Auburn, Maine – August 15, 1929 in Auburn, Maine) was an American geologist, notable as the head curator from 1917 to 1929 of the Department of Geology, United States National Museum (now the National Museum of Natural History of the Smithsonian Institution).
He is the son of Academy-Award winning screenwriter and film producer Carl Foreman (1914–1984), who moved to England to work after being blacklisted by Hollywood movie studio bosses during the hysteria of the McCarthy era. He is the elder brother of the best-selling biographer Amanda Foreman.
The ZEC Trinity is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée" (controlled harvesting zone) (ZEC) in the municipality of the town of Baie-Trinité, in the Manicouagan Regional County Municipality (RCM), in the administrative region of Côte-Nord (North Shore), in Quebec, in Canada.
MVP voting takes place before the postseason, but the results are not announced until after the World Series. The BBWAA began by polling three writers in each league city in 1938, reducing that number to two per league city in 1961. The BBWAA does not offer a clear - cut definition of what ``most valuable ''means, instead leaving the judgment to the individual voters.
In 1991, the brainwashed super-soldier James ``Bucky ''Barnes is dispatched from a Hydra base in Siberia to intercept an automobile carrying a case of super-soldier serum. In the present day, approximately one year after Ultron's defeat in the nation of Sokovia at the hands of the Avengers, Steve Rogers, Natasha Romanoff, Sam Wilson, and Wanda Maximoff stop Brock Rumlow from stealing a biological weapon from a lab in Lagos. Rumlow blows himself up, hoping to kill Rogers. When Maximoff throws the explosion into the sky with telekinesis, it damages a nearby building, killing several Wakandan humanitarian workers.
A rethinking of the genre of the "western", "The Last Crossing" is a tale of interwoven lives and stories taking place in the last half of the 19th century, travelling from England to the United States and the Canadian west.
The Battle of Oldendorf ( ) on 8 July 1633 was fought as part of the Thirty Years' War between the Swedish Empire and the Holy Roman Empire near Hessisch-Oldendorf, Lower Saxony, Germany. The result was a decisive victory for the Swedish Army.
It shares borders of 6,846 kilometres (4,254 mi) with Russia, 2,203 kilometres (1,369 mi) with Uzbekistan, 1,533 kilometres (953 mi) with China, 1,051 kilometres (653 mi) with Kyrgyzstan, and 379 kilometres (235 mi) with Turkmenistan. Major cities include Nur-Sultan, Almaty, Karagandy, Shymkent, Atyrau, and Oskemen. It lies between latitudes 40° and 56° N, and longitudes 46° and 88° E. While located primarily in Asia, a small portion of Kazakhstan is also located west of the Urals in Eastern Europe.Kazakhstan's terrain extends west to east from the Caspian Sea to the Altay Mountains and north to south from the plains of Western Siberia to the oases and deserts of Central Asia. The Kazakh Steppe (plain), with an area of around 804,500 square kilometres (310,600 sq mi), occupies one-third of the country and is the world's largest dry steppe region. The steppe is characterised by large areas of grasslands and sandy regions. Major seas, lakes and rivers include the Aral Sea, Lake Balkhash and Lake Zaysan, the Charyn River and gorge and the Ili, Irtysh, Ishim, Ural and Syr Darya rivers.
Del Tackett, the creator of Focus on the Family's ``The Truth Project '', narrates the film. The goal of Is Genesis History? is to make`` a positive case that the Bible is historically reliable'' through looking at the differing views of and questions concerning the origin of Earth, the universe, and man. Interviewing thirteen creation scientists, the narrator of the film argues that Genesis does portray real historical events. Other speakers include George Grant, Paul Nelson, Douglas Petrovich, Marcus R. Ross, Andrew A. Snelling, and Kurt Wise.
Eka Peksha Ek (Devnagari: 'एका पेक्षा एक' ) is a 1990 Action, comedy, Mystery Marathi film directed by Sachin released in India in 1990. The movie stars Lakshmikant Berde as deaf and Sachin as blind. The movie is adapted from Arthur Hiller's 1989 American comedy film "See No Evil, Hear No Evil" which was also the inspiration for Hindi movies "Hum Hain Kamaal Ke" and "Pyare Mohan" , Tamil movie "Andipatti Arasampatti" and Kannada movies "Akka Pakka" and "Baduku Jataka Bandi".
The Treur River (from Afrikaans: mourning river) is a small river in the Drakensberg escarpment region of eastern Mpumalanga province, South Africa. The R532 motor route intersects it twice. Its ultimate origin is inside the Blyde River Canyon Nature Reserve, though most of its course is to the west of this protected area. It is a tributary of the Blyde River, and has no major tributaries of its own. There are two sharp drops in its course, at Poe Falls and Bourke's Luck Potholes respectively.
Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film, directed by Gus Van Sant, and starring Robin Williams, Matt Damon, Ben Affleck, Minnie Driver and Stellan Skarsgård. Written by Affleck and Damon (and with Damon in the title role), the film follows 20 - year - old South Boston laborer Will Hunting, an unrecognized genius who, as part of a deferred prosecution agreement after assaulting a police officer, becomes a client of a therapist and studies advanced mathematics with a renowned professor. Through his therapy sessions, Will re-evaluates his relationships with his best friend, his girlfriend and himself, facing the significant task of confronting his past and thinking about his future.
Marshall Eriksen How I Met Your Mother character Jason Segel in 2011 First appearance ``Pilot ''Last appearance`` Last Forever'' Created by Carter Bays Craig Thomas Portrayed by Jason Segel Information Gender Male Occupation Lawyer (2005 -- 2018), Judge (2018 --) Family Marvin Eriksen (father, deceased) Judy Eriksen (mother) Spouse (s) Lily Aldrin (2007 -- present) Children Marvin Waitforit Eriksen Daisy Eriksen Unnamed Third Child Nationality American
The nucleus was discovered in 1911, as a result of Ernest Rutherford's efforts to test Thomson's ``plum pudding model ''of the atom. The electron had already been discovered earlier by J.J. Thomson himself. Knowing that atoms are electrically neutral, Thomson postulated that there must be a positive charge as well. In his plum pudding model, Thomson suggested that an atom consisted of negative electrons randomly scattered within a sphere of positive charge. Ernest Rutherford later devised an experiment with his research partner Hans Geiger and with help of Ernest Marsden, that involved the deflection of alpha particles (helium nuclei) directed at a thin sheet of metal foil. He reasoned that if Thomson's model were correct, the positively charged alpha particles would easily pass through the foil with very little deviation in their paths, as the foil should act as electrically neutral if the negative and positive charges are so intimately mixed as to make it appear neutral. To his surprise, many of the particles were deflected at very large angles. Because the mass of an alpha particle is about 8000 times that of an electron, it became apparent that a very strong force must be present if it could deflect the massive and fast moving alpha particles. He realized that the plum pudding model could not be accurate and that the deflections of the alpha particles could only be explained if the positive and negative charges were separated from each other and that the mass of the atom was a concentrated point of positive charge. This justified the idea of a nuclear atom with a dense center of positive charge and mass.
Isle of Normandy or Normandy Island or Normandy Isles or Normandy Isle is a neighborhood of North Beach in the city of Miami Beach, Florida, United States. It is located along the eastern shore of Biscayne Bay.
Indonesia: The Olympic flame reached Jakarta on April 22. The original 20 km relay through Jakarta was cancelled due to "security worries", at the request of the Chinese embassy, and the torch was instead carried round the city main's stadium, as it had been in Islamabad. Several dozen pro-Tibet protesters gathered near the stadium, and were dispersed by the police. The event was held in the streets around the city main's stadium. The cancelling of the relay through the city itself was decided due to security concerns and at the request of the Chinese embassy. Only invitees and journalists were admitted inside the stadium. Protests took place outside the stadium.
Arthur Leo Zagat (1896–1949) was an American lawyer and writer of pulp fiction and science fiction. Trained in the law, he gave it up to write professionally. Zagat is noted for his collaborations with fellow lawyer Nat Schachner. During the last two decades of his life, Zagat wrote short stories prolifically. About 500 pieces appeared in a variety of pulp magazines, including "Thrilling Wonder Stories", "Argosy", "Dime Mystery Magazine", "Horror Stories", "Operator No. 5" and "Astounding". Zagat also wrote the "Doc Turner" stories that regularly appeared in "The Spider" pulp magazine throughout the 1930s, the "Red Finger" series that ran in "Operator #5" and wrote for "Spicy Mystery Stories" as "Morgan LaFay". A novel, "Seven Out of Time", was published by Fantasy Press in 1949, the year he died. His more well known series is probably the "Tomorrow" series of 6 novelettes from "Argosy" (1939 thru 1941) collecting into 2 volumes by Altus Press in 2014.
Lai King (), or Lai King Hill (), is a residential area including a number of public housing estates, located in Lai King Hill, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong. It is centred on Lai King Estate, but also refers to nearby estates, including Cho Yiu Chuen, Lai Yiu Estate, Wah Yuen Chuen, Wonderland Villas and Kau Wa Keng.
The FIFA World Cup is an international association football competition contested by the men's national teams of the members of Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the sport's global governing body. The championship has been contested every four years since the first tournament in 1930, except in 1942 and 1946, due to World War II. The Wales national football team has entered every World Cup since the 1950 tournament, but to date has only qualified for one World Cup, in 1958. On that occasion, they reached the quarter - finals before being eliminated by eventual winners Brazil.
In the aftermath of World War I and during the German Revolution of 1918 -- 19, Freikorps consisting largely of World War I veterans were raised as right - wing paramilitary militias, ostensibly to fight on behalf of the government against the Soviet - backed German Communists attempting to overthrow the Weimar Republic. However, the Freikorps also despised the Republic and were involved in assassinations of its supporters. The Freikorps were widely seen as a precursor to Nazism, and many of their volunteers ended up joining the Nazi militia, the Sturmabteilung (SA). An entire series of Freikorps awards also existed.
The execution of Louis XVI, by means of the guillotine, a major event of the French Revolution, took place on 21 January 1793 at the Place de la Révolution (``Revolution Square '', formerly Place Louis XV, and renamed Place de la Concorde in 1795) in Paris. The National Convention had convicted the king (17 January 1792) in a near - unanimous vote (while no one voted`` not guilty'', several deputies abstained) and condemned him to death by a simple majority.
The Museum of Trade Ceramics is located in Hoi An, central Vietnam. It is a museum showcasing the origins and history of the town and the region in the context of historic trade and relationships with foreign nations such as China, India, Japan, the Philippines and Thailand. The building housing the museum is itself an attractively restored traditional wooden house of Hoi An's old quarter, which, on account of design similarity and a historically significant local Japanese trading community, is likened to those of Kyoto.
Hey, Man, Smell My Finger is the sixth studio album by American funk musician George Clinton, released October 12, 1993 on Paisley Park Records. It is Clinton's second and last release for the Paisley Park label, owned by Prince. The album features an array of musical guests including Prince, Dallas Austin, Humpty Hump from Digital Underground, Ice Cube, N'Dea Davenport, Dr. Dre, and Herbie Hancock, as well P-Funk alumni including Bootsy Collins, Bernie Worrell, Maceo Parker, and Fred Wesley. "Hey, Man, Smell My Finger" furthers Clinton's incorporation of hip hop elements such as electronically produced beats, rapping by Clinton, and sampling of older P-Funk material.
Spyrydon Lytvynovych was born on 6 December 1810 in Nadrichne, in Berezhany Raion, in Austrian Galicia (present-day Ukraine). He graduated of philosophy and theology at the University of Lviv. He was ordained priest on 19 July 1835 and returned to Galicia where he served as preached and teacher of religion. In February 1848 he was appointed as Greek Catholic pastor of the St. Barbara parish in Wien. Soon after he was appointed honorary Canon, and in 1852 he became the first rector of the newly established Greek Catholic seminary.
Some Hearts Are Diamonds is the second solo album by Chris Norman, released in 1986 by Hansa Records. Dieter Bohlen, formerly of Modern Talking, produced the album and wrote several of the songs.
German chocolate cake, originally German's chocolate cake, is a layered chocolate cake from the United States filled and topped with a coconut - pecan frosting. It owes its name to an English - American chocolate maker named Samuel German, who developed a formulation of dark baking chocolate that came to be used in the cake recipe. Sweet baking chocolate is traditionally used for the chocolate flavor in the actual cake, but few recipes call for it today. The filling and / or topping is a custard made with egg yolks and evaporated milk; once the custard is cooked, coconut and pecans are stirred in. Occasionally, a chocolate frosting is spread on the sides of the cake and piped around the circumference of the layers to hold in the filling. Maraschino cherries are occasionally added as a garnish.
USS "Greer" (DD–145) was a in the United States Navy, the first ship named for Rear Admiral James A. Greer (1833–1904). In what became known as the ""Greer" incident," she became the first US Navy ship to fire on a German ship, three months before the United States officially entered World War II. The incident led President Franklin D. Roosevelt to issue what became known as his "shoot-on-sight" order. Roosevelt publicly confirmed the "shoot on sight" order on 11 September 1941, effectively declaring naval war against Germany and Italy in the Battle of the Atlantic.
In 1982, the phrase ``Just Say No ''first emerged when Nancy Reagan was visiting Longfellow Elementary School in Oakland, California. When asked by a schoolgirl what to do if she was offered drugs, the First Lady responded:`` Just say no.'' Just Say No club organizations within schools and school - run anti-drug programs soon became common, in which young people were making pacts not to experiment with drugs.
Wharmby made his debut in Last of the Summer Wine in 1982, as Wesley Pegden, the boilersuit wearing, tinkering mechanic and would be inventor. He appeared as a regular cast member for 16 series between 1985 and 2002. Thora Hird played his nagging wife Edie.
Yaxing Coach (Yangzhou Yaxing Motor Coach Co., Ltd) is a bus manufacturer based in Yangzhou, Jiangsu, China. It is a subsidiary of Jiangsu Yaxing that was founded in 1998. Buses are produced under the "Yaxing", "Yangtse（Yangzlv）", and more recently Asiastar brands.
Sri Lankan passports are issued to citizens of Sri Lanka for the purpose of international travel. The Department of Immigration and Emigration is responsible for issuing Sri Lankan passports.
Canada is geologically active, having many earthquakes and potentially active volcanoes, notably Mount Meager massif, Mount Garibaldi, Mount Cayley massif, and the Mount Edziza volcanic complex. The volcanic eruption of the Tseax Cone in 1775 was among Canada's worst natural disasters, killing an estimated 2,000 Nisga'a people and destroying their village in the Nass River valley of northern British Columbia. The eruption produced a 22.5-kilometre (14.0 mi) lava flow, and, according to Nisga'a legend, blocked the flow of the Nass River.Average winter and summer high temperatures across Canada vary from region to region. Winters can be harsh in many parts of the country, particularly in the interior and Prairie provinces, which experience a continental climate, where daily average temperatures are near −15 °C (5 °F), but can drop below −40 °C (−40 °F) with severe wind chills. In noncoastal regions, snow can cover the ground for almost six months of the year, while in parts of the north snow can persist year-round. Coastal British Columbia has a temperate climate, with a mild and rainy winter. On the east and west coasts, average high temperatures are generally in the low 20s °C (70s °F), while between the coasts, the average summer high temperature ranges from 25 to 30 °C (77 to 86 °F), with temperatures in some interior locations occasionally exceeding 40 °C (104 °F).
Sid French (1920–1979) was a British communist activist and organiser, former Surrey district secretary of the Communist Party of Great Britain (CPGB) and the founding general secretary of the New Communist Party of Britain.
In America, nonprofit organizations like Friends of UNFPA (formerly Americans for UNFPA) worked to compensate for the loss of United States federal funding by raising private donations.
On September 27, 1821 the Army of the Three Guarantees entered Mexico City, and the following day Iturbide proclaimed the independence of the Mexican Empire, as New Spain was henceforth to be called. The Treaty of Córdoba was not ratified by the Spanish Cortes. Iturbide included a special clause in the treaty that left open the possibility for a criollo monarch to be appointed by a Mexican congress if no suitable member of the European royalty would accept the Mexican crown. Half of the new government employees appointed were Iturbide's followers.
Nazi Germany terminated the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact at 03:15 on 22 June 1941 by launching a massive attack on the Soviet positions in eastern Poland which marked the beginning of the invasion of the Soviet Union known as Operation Barbarossa. Stalin had ignored several warnings that Germany was likely to invade, and ordered no 'full-scale' mobilization of forces although the mobilization was ongoing. After the launch of the invasion, the territories gained by the Soviet Union as a result of the Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact were lost in a matter of weeks. Within six months, the Soviet military had suffered 4.3 million casualties, and Germany had captured three million Soviet prisoners. The lucrative export of Soviet raw materials to Nazi Germany over the course of the Nazi–Soviet economic relations (1934–41) continued uninterrupted until the outbreak of hostilities. The Soviet exports in several key areas enabled Germany to maintain its stocks of rubber and grain from the first day of the invasion until October 1941.
Qi Jinli (; born September 1959) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Henan province. As of December 2014 he was under investigation by the Communist Party's anti-corruption agency. Previously he served as the Communist Party Secretary of Kaifeng, Deputy Communist Party Secretary and Vice-Mayor of Luohe, and Deputy Communist Party Secretary of Zhengzhou.
Brock Zeman is a singer-songwriter from the Ottawa Valley based in Carleton Place, Ontario, Canada. He has released twelve albums and a live DVD/digital audio release called The Pinball Sessions. He is known as a prolific performer having given more than two hundred live performances across North America every year for the last decade.
The PA-8000 (PCX-U), code-named "Onyx", is a microprocessor developed and fabricated by Hewlett-Packard (HP) that implemented the PA-RISC 2.0 instruction set architecture (ISA). It was a completely new design with no circuitry derived from previous PA-RISC microprocessors. The PA-8000 was introduced on 2 November 1995 when shipments began to members of the Precision RISC Organization (PRO). It was used exclusively by PRO members and was not sold on the merchant market. All follow-on PA-8x00 processors (PA-8200 to PA-8900, described further below) are based on the basic PA-8000 processor core.
Drafted and created based upon the Radcliffe line in 1947, the border, which divides Pakistan and India from each other, traverses a variety of terrains ranging from major urban areas to inhospitable deserts. Since the independence of India and Pakistan (see British India), the border has been a site of numerous conflicts and wars between each country, and is one of the most complex borders in the world. The border's total length is 2,900 km (1,800 mi), according to the figures given by the PBS; it is also one of the most dangerous borders in the world, based on an article written in the Foreign Policy in 2011. It can be seen from space at night due to the 150,000 flood lights installed by India on about 50 thousand poles.
Gmina Bobrowniki is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland. Its seat is the village of Bobrowniki, which lies approximately north-west of Będzin and north of the regional capital Katowice.
Vitaly Mykolayovych Kononov (; born 2 April 1950 in Kobuleti, Adjara) was a candidate in the 2004 Ukrainian presidential election, nominated by the Green Party of Ukraine, which he then chaired. He was a national deputy of Ukraine, and been concerned with issues such as youth politics, physical training and sport. Since 1999, he has been a member of the Board of Ukrainian-wide union of democratic forces "Consent". He was also a presidential candidate in 1999, receiving 0.29% of the votes and finished 11th of 13 candidates.
No evidence has yet been found of a Jewish presence in antiquity in Germany beyond its Roman border, nor in Eastern Europe. In Gaul and Germany itself, with the possible exception of Trier and Cologne, the archeological evidence suggests at most a fleeting presence of very few Jews, primarily itinerant traders or artisans. A substantial Jewish population emerged in northern Gaul by the Middle Ages, but Jewish communities existed in 465 CE in Brittany, in 524 CE in Valence, and in 533 CE in Orleans. Throughout this period and into the early Middle Ages, some Jews assimilated into the dominant Greek and Latin cultures, mostly through conversion to Christianity.[better source needed] King Dagobert I of the Franks expelled the Jews from his Merovingian kingdom in 629. Jews in former Roman territories faced new challenges as harsher anti-Jewish Church rulings were enforced.
Above Us the Waves is a 1955 British war film directed by Ralph Thomas, about human torpedo and midget submarine attacks on the German battleship "Tirpitz". It is based on two true-life attacks on the "Tirpitz" by British commando frogmen, first using Chariot manned torpedoes in Operation Title in 1942, and then X-Craft midget submarines in Operation Source in 1943. Some of the original equipment was used in the film.
Ruøya is an island in Aure Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is connected to the village of Aure on the mainland to the east by the Aursund Bridge and to the island of Rottøya to the south by the Smalsund Bridge. The large island of Ertvågsøya lies to the west.
Berdejo is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality had a population of 66 inhabitants.
Born in Switzerland, Lorch emigrated with his family to the United States in 1917 and became a citizen in 1932. He joined the faculty of Columbia University in 1935 and retired in 1976, although he continued to write and lecture as professor emeritus. For his reminiscences of Szeged, Edgar R. Lorch posthumously received in 1994 the Lester R. Ford Award, with Reuben Hersh as editor.
Foligno Cathedral () is a Roman Catholic cathedral situated on the Piazza della Repubblica in the center of Foligno, Italy. The cathedral, built on the site of an earlier basilica, is dedicated to the patron saint of the city, the martyr Felician of Foligno (San Feliciano), who was buried here in 251 AD. It is the seat of the Bishop of Foligno.
WAPL (105.7 FM) is a classic rock formatted radio station licensed to Appleton, Wisconsin, that serves the Green Bay and Appleton-Oshkosh areas. The station is owned by Woodward Communications, and has studios on College Avenue in Appleton, with transmitting facilities located near the WGBA Tower west of unincorporated Shirley in the Town of Glenmore in southeastern Brown County.
"Speechless" is a song by the American recording artist Michael Jackson, included on his tenth studio album, "Invincible" (2001). It was only released as a promotional single in South Korea. The singer was inspired to write the ballad after a water balloon fight with children in Germany. Jackson collaborated on the production with musicians such as Jeremy Lubbock, Brad Buxer, Novi Novoq, Stuart Bradley and Bruce Swedien. Andraé Crouch and his gospel choir provided backing vocals.
Windows Vista is an operating system that was produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops, tablet PCs and media center PCs. Development was completed on November 8, 2006, and over the following three months, it was released in stages to computer hardware and software manufacturers, business customers and retail channels. On January 30, 2007, it was released worldwide and was made available for purchase and download from the Windows Marketplace; it is the first release of Windows to be made available through a digital distribution platform. The release of Windows Vista came more than five years after the introduction of its predecessor, Windows XP, the longest time span between successive releases of Microsoft Windows desktop operating systems.
Kehinde Babatunde Victor Oladipo (born May 4, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Indiana Pacers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Indiana Hoosiers, where he was named the "Sporting News" Men's College Basketball Player of the Year, the Co-NABC Defensive Player of the Year, and a first-team All-American by the USBWA and "Sporting News". That year he was also named the winner of the Adolph Rupp Trophy, given annually to the top player in men's NCAA Division I basketball. Oladipo was drafted with the second overall pick in the 2013 NBA draft by the Orlando Magic and went on to be named to the NBA All-Rookie first team. He was traded to the Oklahoma City Thunder in 2016, and then traded to the Pacers in 2017. He became a first-time NBA All-Star, led the league in steals, was named to the All-Defensive First Team and the All-NBA Third Team, and won the NBA Most Improved Player Award in his first season with Indiana. Despite an injury-riddled 2018–19 season, including a season-ending injury in January 2019, Oladipo was named an Eastern Conference reserve for the second year in a row.
"Talk to Me" is a 1990 song by American recording artist Anita Baker. The song was released as the lead single in support of her "platinum" selling album, "Compositions". "Talk to Me" became a top five R&B hit, peaking at number three on "Billboard's" Hot Black Singles and number four on Adult Contemporary Songs.
Altaussee is a municipality and spa town in the district of Liezen in Styria, Austria. The small village is nestled on the shores of the Lake Altaussee, beneath the Loser Plateau. Occupying an area of 92 km², Altaussee is home to 1,777 people. The municipality includes two cadastral communities: Altaussee and Lupitsch. The designated climatic spa is within the Salzkammergut region. Altaussee has the biggest salt deposits of Austria, which are still mined today.
The Scion xB is a compact car (subcompact car in its first generation) made by Toyota for the United States market and sold under their youth-oriented Scion brand. It is a box-shaped, 5-door hatchback.
West Bath is a town in Sagadahoc County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,877 at the 2010 census. A sub-locality of West Bath is Winnegance. West Bath is part of the Portland–South Portland–Biddeford, Maine metropolitan statistical area.
San Juan is located along the north - eastern coast of Puerto Rico. It lies south of the Atlantic Ocean; north of Caguas and Trujillo Alto; east of and Guaynabo; and west of Carolina. The city occupies an area of 76.93 square miles (199.2 km), of which, 29.11 square miles (75.4 km) (37.83%) is water. San Juan's main water bodies are San Juan Bay and two natural lagoons, the Condado and San José.
Additionally, John Slattery and Hayley Atwell reprise their roles as Howard Stark and Peggy Carter, respectively, from previous MCU media. Slattery stated that his involvement in Ant - Man was ``not that much more ''than his participation in Iron Man 2, while Atwell described her appearance as being`` more of a cameo''. Abby Ryder Fortson portrays Cassie, the daughter of Lang and Maggie; Gregg Turkington appears as Dale, the manager of a Baskin - Robbins store; and Martin Donovan plays Mitchell Carson, a former member of S.H.I.E.L.D. who works for Hydra and looks to purchase the Yellowjacket technology. YouTuber Anna Akana portrays a writer in Luis' story at the end of the film. Garrett Morris, who portrayed Ant - Man in a Saturday Night Live sketch, appears as a taxi driver. Ant - Man co-creator Stan Lee makes a cameo appearance in the film as a bartender. Chris Evans and Sebastian Stan make uncredited appearances during the post-credits scene as Steve Rogers / Captain America and Bucky Barnes / Winter Soldier, respectively. Hayley Lovitt makes a nonspeaking cameo as Janet van Dyne / Wasp. Tom Kenny provides the voice of a toy rabbit that Scott gives to Cassie.
The International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW) was founded in 1969, in initial efforts to stop the commercial hunt for seal pups on the east coast of Canada.
Karla Olivares Souza (born December 11, 1985) is a Mexican actress. She is best known for her role as Laurel Castillo on the ABC legal drama series, How to Get Away with Murder.
ARC was acquired in 1938 by the Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS, which, in turn, had been formed by the Columbia Phonograph Company, but then sold off). ARC was renamed Columbia Recording Corporation. The Columbia Phonograph Company had international subsidiaries and affiliates such as the Columbia Graphophone Company in the United Kingdom, but they were sold off prior to CBS acquiring American Columbia. RCA Victor Records executive Ted Wallerstein convinced CBS head William S. Paley to buy ARC and Paley made Wallerstein head of the newly acquired record company. The renamed company made Columbia its flagship label with Okeh its subsidiary label while deemphasizing ARC's other labels. This allowed ARC's leased labels Brunswick Records and Vocalion Records to revert to former owner Warner Bros. which sold the labels to Decca Records. Columbia kept the Brunswick catalogue recorded from December 1931 onward which was reissued on the Columbia label as well as the Vocalion label material from the same time period which was reissued on the Okeh label. Wallerstein, who was promoted at the end of 1947 from president to chairman of the record company, restored Columbia's status as a leading record company and spearheaded the successful introduction of the long playing (LP) record before he retired as Columbia's chairman in 1951. James Conkling then became head of Columbia Records. Also in 1951, Columbia severed its ties with the EMI-owned record label of the same name and began a UK distribution deal with Philips Records, whereas Okeh Records continued to be distributed by EMI on the Columbia label.
The Warsaw Treaty's organization was two-fold: the Political Consultative Committee handled political matters, and the Combined Command of Pact Armed Forces controlled the assigned multi-national forces, with headquarters in Warsaw, Poland. Furthermore, the Supreme Commander of the Unified Armed Forces of the Warsaw Treaty Organization which commands and controls all the military forces of the member countries was also a First Deputy Minister of Defense of the USSR, and the Chief of Combined Staff of the Unified Armed Forces of the Warsaw Treaty Organization was also a First Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the USSR. Therefore, although ostensibly an international collective security alliance, the USSR dominated the Warsaw Treaty armed forces.
Jacksonville is the largest city by population in the U.S. state of Florida, and the largest city by area in the contiguous United States. It is the county seat of Duval County, with which the city government consolidated in 1968. Consolidation gave Jacksonville its great size and placed most of its metropolitan population within the city limits; with an estimated population of 853,382 in 2014, it is the most populous city proper in Florida and the Southeast, and the 12th most populous in the United States. Jacksonville is the principal city in the Jacksonville metropolitan area, with a population of 1,345,596 in 2010.
They were first approved for contraceptive use in the United States in 1960, and are a very popular form of birth control. They are currently used by more than 100 million women worldwide and by almost 12 million women in the United States. As of 2014, 15.6% of U.S. women aged 15–44 reported being on the birth control pill, making it the most widely used contraceptive method among women of that age range. Use varies widely by country, age, education, and marital status. One third of women aged 16–49 in the United Kingdom currently use either the combined pill or progestogen-only pill,
Hurricane Wilma was the most intense tropical cyclone ever recorded in the Atlantic basin, as well as the most intense recorded in the western hemisphere until Hurricane Patricia in 2015. Part of the record - breaking 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, which included three of the top ten most intense Atlantic hurricanes ever (along with # 4 Rita and # 7 Katrina), Wilma was the twenty - second storm, thirteenth hurricane, sixth major hurricane, fourth Category 5 hurricane, and second-most destructive hurricane of the 2005 season. A tropical depression formed in the Caribbean Sea near Jamaica on October 15, headed westward, and two days later intensified into a tropical storm which turned abruptly southward and was named Wilma. Wilma continued to strengthen, and eventually became a hurricane on October 18. Shortly thereafter, explosive intensification occurred, and in only 24 hours, Wilma became a Category 5 hurricane with wind speeds of 185 miles per hour (298 km / h).
Ashley is the man with whom Scarlett O'Hara is obsessed. Gentlemanly yet indecisive, he loves Scarlett, but finds he has more in common with Melanie, his distant cousin and later his wife. However, he is tormented by his attraction to Scarlett. Unfortunately for him and Scarlett, his failure to deal with his true feelings for her ruins any chance she has for real happiness with Rhett Butler. Ashley is a complicated character. He is not sympathetic to the cause of the North. However, he is n't an ardent Confederate patriot, either. What Ashley loves about the South is the serene, peaceful life that he and his dear ones know at Twelve Oaks and similar plantations. At one point (following the war) he comments to Scarlett that ``had the war not come he would have spent his life happily buried at Twelve Oaks. ''
The PEN/Diamonstein-Spielvogel Award for the Art of the Essay is awarded by the PEN American Center to an author for a book of original collected essays. The award was founded by PEN Member and author Barbaralee Diamonstein and Carl Spielvogel, former "New York Times" columnist, "to preserve the dignity and esteem that the essay form imparts to literature." The winner receives a cash award of $10,000.
The three desktop editions of Windows 8 support 32-bit and 64-bit architectures; retail copies of Windows 8 include install DVDs for both architectures, while the online installer automatically installs the version corresponding with the architecture of the system's existing Windows installation. The 32-bit version runs on CPUs compatible with x86 architecture 3rd generation (known as IA-32) or newer, and can run 32-bit and 16-bit applications, although 16-bit support must be enabled first. (16-bit applications are developed for CPUs compatible with x86 2nd generation, first conceived in 1978. Microsoft started moving away from this architecture after Windows 95.)
Theresa Schwegel (born July 20, 1975) is an American author of crime fiction. She won the Edgar Award for best first novel from the Mystery Writers of America for "Officer Down" in 2006. In 2008, she received the Chicago Public Library Foundation's 21st Century Award for achievement in writing by an author with ties to Chicago.
USS "Mahan" (DLG-11/DDG-42), was a guided missile destroyer in the United States Navy. She was named for Rear Admiral Alfred Thayer Mahan USN (1840–1914). The ship was Laid down as DLG-11 by the San Francisco Naval Shipyard on 31 July 1957 and launched on 7 October 1959. "Mahan" was sponsored by Mrs. H. P. Smith, wife of Vice Adm. Harold Page Smith, and commissioned on 25 December 1960. "Mahan" was reclassified as a guided missile destroyer on 30 June 1975 and designated DDG-42. USS "Mahan" was decommissioned on 15 June 1993 and stricken from the Naval Vessel Register on the same day.
The National Football League is the largest live spectator sporting league in the world (excluding auto racing) in terms of average attendance. As of 2015, the NFL averaged 68,400 live spectators per game, and 17,510,312 total for the season.
The office of Governor of West Pakistan was a largely ceremonial position but later Governors wielded some executive powers as well. The first Governor was Mushtaq Ahmed Gurmani, who was also the last Governor of West Punjab. Ayub Khan abolished the Governor's office and instead established the Martial Law Administrator of West Pakistan (MLA West).
Olivia Rodrigo as Grace Thomas, who is nine years old and loves baking. Virginia Madsen as Mrs. Thomas, Grace's mother who is an elementary school teacher. Eloise Webb as Sylvie, Grace's French cousin. Caitlin Carmichael as Maddy, Grace's best friend who loves art. Notlim Taylor as Ella, Grace's best friend who is a math whiz. Rafael Edholm as Mr. Thomas, Grace's father who is a therapist. Krisztina Peremartoni as Grace's grandmother, who co-owns a bakery with her grandfather. András Bálint as Grace's grandfather, who co-owns a bakery with her grandmother. Fabrice Michel as Bernard, Grace's uncle who owns a pâtisserie in Paris. Lili Bordán as Sophie, Grace's maternal aunt who moved to France to study baking and married Bernard. Roxane Bret (fr) as Colette, Bernard's pastry intern. Thierry Harcourt as Jean - Luc Pernaud, owner of a Paris hotel where Bernard seeks to expand his clientele. Joe Bastianich as himself, one of the judges on MasterChef Junior Baking Edition. Tom Doherty as Josh, Grace's older brother. Maxime Leigh - Wood as Carter, one of Grace's competitors on MasterChef Junior Baking Edition.
Everton Football Club have a long and detailed history. The club's roots loosely lie with a Methodist New Connexion congregation who had a chapel on the corner of Breckfield Road North and St. Domingo Vale in Everton, Liverpool. Initially formed as St. Domingo FC, named after the location of the chapel, the football team was renamed Everton in 1878 after the district of Everton. Since then Everton have had a successful history winning the Cup Winners' Cup, the league title nine times and the FA Cup five times. They are the only club to have played over 100 seasons in the top flight of English football, the 2014 -- 15 season being their 112th.
Donatas Motiejūnas (; born September 20, 1990) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player for the Shanghai Sharks of the Chinese Basketball Association (NBA). He was drafted 20th overall in the 2011 NBA draft by the Minnesota Timberwolves before going on to win the 2012 Polish Basketball League championship with Asseco Prokom Gdynia. After spending four seasons with the Houston Rockets from 2012 to 2016, Motiejūnas joined the New Orleans Pelicans in January 2017.
Walter George Patulski (born February 3, 1950) is a former American football defensive end at the University of Notre Dame and the National Football League.
The wedding dress of Princess Elizabeth was worn by the future Queen Elizabeth II at her wedding to Philip Mountbatten, Duke of Edinburgh on 20 November 1947 in Westminster Abbey. Given the rationing of clothing at the time, she still had to purchase the material using ration coupons. The dress was designed by Norman Hartnell. Hartnell's signature was said to be embroidery, and he enjoyed "working with soft, floating fabrics, particularly tulle and chiffon, and with plain, lustrous silks". The dress was made of soft Damascus Prokar, with a high neckline, tailored bodice and a short train.
Leonard Shayo (born 1948) is a Tanzanian politician and member of the Demokrasia Makini party. Running as the party's presidential candidate in the 14 December 2005 elections, Shayo placed ninth out of ten candidates, receiving 0.15% of the vote.
In probability theory, the Chernoff bound, named after Herman Chernoff but due to Herman Rubin, gives exponentially decreasing bounds on tail distributions of sums of independent random variables. It is a sharper bound than the known first- or second-moment-based tail bounds such as Markov's inequality or Chebyshev's inequality, which only yield power-law bounds on tail decay. However, the Chernoff bound requires that the variates be independent – a condition that neither Markov's inequality nor Chebyshev's inequality require, although Chebyshev's inequality does require the variates to be pairwise independent.
In the original Broadway production, ``Some Enchanted Evening ''was sung by former Metropolitan Opera bass Ezio Pinza. Pinza won the Tony Award for Best Actor in 1950 for this role, and the song made him a favorite with audiences and listeners who normally did not attend or listen to opera. In the 2001 London revival of the show, Philip Quast won an Olivier Award for Best Actor for his role as Emile, and seven years later, international opera singer Paulo Szot won a Tony for his portrayal in the 2008 New York revival.
Jeroniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Choroszcz and west of the regional capital Białystok.
Mexico (Spanish: México [ˈmexiko] (listen); Nahuatl languages: Mēxihco), officially the United Mexican States (Spanish: Estados Unidos Mexicanos [esˈtaðos uˈniðoz mexiˈkanos] (listen)), is a country in the southern portion of North America. It is bordered to the north by the United States; to the south and west by the Pacific Ocean; to the southeast by Guatemala, Belize, and the Caribbean Sea; and to the east by the Gulf of Mexico. Covering almost 2,000,000 square kilometers (770,000 sq mi), the nation is the fifth largest country in the Americas by total area and the 13th largest independent state in the world. With an estimated population of over 120 million people, the country is the tenth most populous state and the most populous Spanish-speaking state in the world, while being the second most populous nation in Latin America after Brazil. Mexico is a federation comprising 31 states and Mexico City, a special federal entity that is also the capital city and its most populous city. Other metropolises in the state include Guadalajara, Monterrey, Puebla, Toluca, Tijuana and León.
Malaria kills more residents; 9% of the population have reported infection, It causes three times as many deaths as AIDS. In 2008, fewer than half of children younger than five slept under antimalaria nets or had access to antimalarial drugs.
Los Olmos is a municipality located in the province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census the municipality has a population of 128 inhabitants.
After Timor Leste achieved independence in 2002, Da Silva was appointed as the country's first Minister for Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries. On 10 July 2006, he was sworn in as the First Deputy Prime Minister of Timor Leste. He was sworn in as the acting Prime Minister on 19 May 2007 to replace José Ramos-Horta who had been elected President of the young nation. He left office when Xanana Gusmão was sworn in as Prime Minister on 8 August 2007, following the June 2007 parliamentary election.
The Challenge (originally known as Road Rules: All Stars, followed by Real World / Road Rules Challenge) is a reality game show on MTV that is spun off from the network's two reality shows, Real World and Road Rules. It features alumni from these two shows, in addition to first - time cast members called 'Fresh Meat', alumni from Are You the One?, and relatives of these cast members called 'Bloodlines', competing against one another for a cash prize. The Challenge is currently hosted by T.J. Lavin. The series premiered on June 1, 1998. The title of the show was originally Road Rules: All Stars before it was renamed Real World / Road Rules Challenge by the show's 2nd season, then later abridged to simply The Challenge by the show's 19th season. The series initially used no hosts but instead a former cast member who had been kicked off his or her season, providing assignments as ``Mr. ''or`` Ms. Big'' (David ``Puck ''Rainey, David Edwards, and Gladys Sanabria served this role). Later on, however, the series began using hosts: Eric Nies and Mark Long co-hosted a season, and Jonny Moseley and Dave Mirra hosted various seasons before T.J. Lavin became the show's regular host by the 11th season.
The first historical reference to Warsaw dates back to the year 1313, at a time when Kraków served as the Polish capital city. Due to its central location between the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth's capitals of Kraków and Vilnius, Warsaw became the capital of the Commonwealth and of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland when King Sigismund III Vasa moved his court from Kraków to Warsaw in 1596. After the Third Partition of Poland in 1795, Warsaw was incorporated into the Kingdom of Prussia. In 1806 during the Napoleonic Wars, the city became the official capital of the Grand Duchy of Warsaw, a puppet state of the First French Empire established by Napoleon Bonaparte. In accordance with the decisions of the Congress of Vienna, the Russian Empire annexed Warsaw in 1815 and it became part of the "Congress Kingdom". Only in 1918 did it regain independence from the foreign rule and emerge as a new capital of the independent Republic of Poland. The German invasion in 1939, the massacre of the Jewish population and deportations to concentration camps led to the uprising in the Warsaw ghetto in 1943 and to the major and devastating Warsaw Uprising between August and October 1944. Warsaw gained the title of the "Phoenix City" because it has survived many wars, conflicts and invasions throughout its long history. Most notably, the city required painstaking rebuilding after the extensive damage it suffered in World War II, which destroyed 85% of its buildings. On 9 November 1940, the city was awarded Poland's highest military decoration for heroism, the Virtuti Militari, during the Siege of Warsaw (1939).
For years Burke pursued impeachment efforts against Warren Hastings, formerly Governor-General of Bengal, that resulted in the trial during 1786. His interaction with the British dominion of India began well before Hastings' impeachment trial. For two decades prior to the impeachment, Parliament had dealt with the Indian issue. This trial was the pinnacle of years of unrest and deliberation. In 1781 Burke was first able to delve into the issues surrounding the East India Company when he was appointed Chairman of the Commons Select Committee on East Indian Affairs—from that point until the end of the trial; India was Burke's primary concern. This committee was charged "to investigate alleged injustices in Bengal, the war with Hyder Ali, and other Indian difficulties". While Burke and the committee focused their attention on these matters, a second 'secret' committee was formed to assess the same issues. Both committee reports were written by Burke. Among other purposes, the reports conveyed to the Indian princes that Britain would not wage war on them, along with demanding that the HEIC recall Hastings. This was Burke's first call for substantive change regarding imperial practices. When addressing the whole House of Commons regarding the committee report, Burke described the Indian issue as one that "began 'in commerce' but 'ended in empire.'"
The NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Championship is the annual championship in women's volleyball from teams in Division I contested by the NCAA each winter since 1981. Nebraska won the most recent tournament, defeating Florida 3 - 1 at the Sprint Center in Kansas City.
Surprise Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County, Idaho, United States, located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 479 along Timpa Creek Creek.
The Lost Language of Cranes is a novel by David Leavitt, first published in 1986. A British TV film of the novel was made in 1991. The film was released on DVD in 2009.
Zephroniidae (sometimes misspelled "Zephronidae") is a family of giant pill millipedes in the taxonomic order Sphaerotheriida. They occur in southeast Asia from the Himalayas and China south and east to Sulawesi and to Australia, and also inhabit some Philippine islands.
In testimony before the Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation on June 3, 2008, former director of the CFTC Division of Trading & Markets (responsible for enforcement) Michael Greenberger specifically named the Atlanta-based IntercontinentalExchange, founded by Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and BP as playing a key role in speculative run-up of oil futures prices traded off the regulated futures exchanges in London and New York. However, the IntercontinentalExchange (ICE) had been regulated by both European and U.S. authorities since its purchase of the International Petroleum Exchange in 2001. Mr Greenberger was later corrected on this matter.
Veoh is an Internet television company based in San Diego, California. It allows users to find and watch major studio content, independent productions and user-generated material. The company is a subsidiary of Israeli start-up Qlipso.
27th (Home Counties) Anti-Aircraft Brigade (27 AA Bde) was an Air Defence formation of the British Army in World War II that served in The Blitz and later converted to infantry.
The newly founded country of the United States had to create a new government to replace the British Parliament. The U.S. adopted the Articles of Confederation, a declaration that established a national government with a one - house legislature. Its ratification by all thirteen colonies gave the second Congress a new name: the Congress of the Confederation, which met from 1781 to 1789. The Constitutional Convention took place during the summer of 1787, in Philadelphia. Although the Convention was called to revise the Articles of Confederation, the intention from the outset for some including James Madison and Alexander Hamilton was to create a new frame of government rather than amending the existing one. The delegates elected George Washington to preside over the Convention. The result of the Convention was the United States Constitution and the replacement of the Continental Congress with the United States Congress.
Karin "Frida" Teresia Nordstrand, (born 23 October 1980) is a Swedish journalist and sports commentator at Viasat Sport. Nordstrand grew up in Sandviken where she lived until she was ten years-old. Her family then moved to Spain and resided their for a few years and also spent some time living in the uk until returning to Sweden again. Nordstrand is an educated actress at Spegelteatern in Stockholm and worked there at the same time as she educated herself as a physio-trainer. This later led her into the television work as she started to give personal training advice for the Kanal Lokal in Stockholm. After a while she was recruited by Viasat Sport where she started to cover Champions League and the Formula 1 series. She covered several sports at the 2014 Winter Olympics for Viasat Sport and TV3.
Country Music Association Award for Entertainer of the Year Country United States Presented by Country Music Association First awarded 1967 Currently held by Garth Brooks (2017)
A Ghost Story is a 2017 American supernatural drama film written and directed by David Lowery. It stars Casey Affleck, Rooney Mara, Will Oldham, Sonia Acevedo, Rob Zabrecky, and Liz Franke. Affleck plays a man who becomes a ghost and remains in the house he shares with his wife (Mara).
Key Exchange is a 1985 American romantic comedy film directed by Barnet Kellman and starring Brooke Adams as Lisa. The film is based on a play by Kevin Wade. The film was released by 20th Century Fox on August 14, 1985.
Rita Marko (17 February 1920 – 15 June 2018) was an Albanian political figure who served in a number of positions in Albania during its socialist period.
The Barruecopardo mine is a large open pit mine located in the western part of Spain in Province of Salamanca. Barruecopardo represents one of the largest tungsten reserves in Spain having estimated reserves of 10.9 million tonnes of ore grading 0.45% tungsten.
It's What's Happenin' (subtitled The Varitone Sound of Clark Terry) is an album by American jazz trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances recorded in 1967 for the Impulse! label. Remastered in 2012 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Impulse! Records, it was reissued together with Terry's only other record for the label as a solo leader, "The Happy Horns of Clark Terry".
The Greater Mexico City has a gross domestic product (GDP) of US$411 billion in 2011, making Mexico City urban agglomeration one of the economically largest metropolitan areas in the world. The city was responsible for generating 15.8% of Mexico's Gross Domestic Product and the metropolitan area accounted for about 22% of total national GDP. As a stand-alone country, in 2013, Mexico City would be the fifth-largest economy in Latin America—five times as large as Costa Rica's and about the same size as Peru's.
Face / Off was released in North America on June 27, 1997 and earned $23,387,530 on its opening weekend, ranking number one in the domestic box office. It went on to become the 11th highest domestic and 14th worldwide grossing film of 1997, earning a domestic total of $112,276,146 and $133,400,000 overseas for a total of worldwide gross of $245,676,146. It was a box office hit. It also became Woo's highest - grossing American film.
The Stone Street Historic District is a one-block section of the west side of that street in the hamlet of New Hamburg, New York, United States. It was recognized as a historic district and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1987 as the largest group of intact houses in the hamlet.
Klaipėda (, ; , Samogitian: "Klaipieda", ) is a city in Lithuania on the Baltic Sea coast. It is the third largest city in Lithuania and the capital of Klaipėda County.
The Women's National Basketball Association's first overall pick is the player who is selected first among all eligible draftees by a team during the annual Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) Draft. The first pick is awarded to the team that wins the WNBA draft lottery; in most cases, that team had a losing record in the previous season.
Springfield's original name was Calhoun, after Senator John C. Calhoun of South Carolina. The land that Springfield now occupies was originally settled by trappers and traders who came to the Sangamon River in 1818. The settlement's first cabin was built in 1820, by John Kelly. It was located at what is now the northwest corner of Second Street and Jefferson Street. In 1821, Calhoun became the county seat of Sangamon County due to fertile soil and trading opportunities. Settlers from Kentucky, Virginia, and as far as North Carolina came to the city. By 1832, Senator Calhoun had fallen out of the favor with the public and the town renamed itself Springfield after Springfield, Massachusetts. At that time, Springfield, Massachusetts was comparable to modern - day Silicon Valley -- known for industrial innovation, concentrated prosperity, and the celebrated Springfield Armory. Most importantly, it was a city that had built itself up from frontier outpost to national power through ingenuity -- an example that the newly named Springfield, Illinois, sought to emulate. Kaskaskia was the first capital of the Illinois Territory from its organization in 1809, continuing through statehood in 1818, and through the first year as a state in 1819. Vandalia was the second state capital of Illinois from 1819 to 1839. Springfield became the third and current capital of Illinois in 1839. The designation was largely due to the efforts of Abraham Lincoln and his associates; nicknamed the ``Long Nine ''for their combined height of 54 feet (16 m).
The Ministry of Finance of Egypt is part of the Cabinet of Egypt. It is responsible for increasing the rate of economic growth and job creation, thus contributing to raising the standard of living of the individual and society as a whole. The current minister is Amr El-Garhy. It is located in Ministry of Finance Towers, Nasr City.
Second generation Acura RDX 2013 Acura RDX Overview Production Mar 2012 -- present Model years 2013 -- present Assembly East Liberty, Ohio, United States East Liberty Auto Plant Powertrain Engine 3.0 L J30Y1 V6 (China Only) 3.5 L J35Y V6 Transmission 6 - speed automatic Dimensions Wheelbase 105.7 inches (9 foot 6 inches Length 183.7 inches (16 ft 7 inches Width 73 inches (6 foot 7 inches) Height 64.2 inches (5 foot 8 inches Curb weight 3,717 lb (1,686 kg) (FWD) 3,838 lb (1,741 kg) (AWD)
The existence of discrete inheritable units was first suggested by Gregor Mendel (1822–1884). From 1857 to 1864, he studied inheritance patterns in 8000 common edible pea plants, tracking distinct traits from parent to offspring. He described these mathematically as 2n combinations where n is the number of differing characteristics in the original peas. Although he did not use the term gene, he explained his results in terms of discrete inherited units that give rise to observable physical characteristics. This description prefigured the distinction between genotype (the genetic material of an organism) and phenotype (the visible traits of that organism). Mendel was also the first to demonstrate independent assortment, the distinction between dominant and recessive traits, the distinction between a heterozygote and homozygote, and the phenomenon of discontinuous inheritance.
WCNV is a Public Radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Heathsville, Virginia, serving the Kilmarnock/Warsaw area. WCNV is owned and operated by Commonwealth Public Broadcasting Corporation and is a repeater station of WCVE-FM.
Pam Faris is a former Democratic member of the Michigan House of Representatives and a former employee with the Genessee Circuit Court system. She is the wife of former Lieutenant Governor John D. Cherry.
A notable pattern that developed during the 2000s and 2010s has been for certain pop songs to have lengthy runs on AC charts, even after the songs have fallen off the Hot 100. Adrian Moreira, senior vice president for adult music for RCA Music Group, said, "We've seen a fairly tidal shift in what AC will play". Rather than emphasizing older songs, adult contemporary was playing many of the same songs as top 40 and adult top 40, but only after the hits had become established. An article on MTV's website by Corey Moss describes this trend: "In other words, AC stations are where pop songs go to die a very long death. Or, to optimists, to get a second life."
"Goosebumpz" is a song by American hip hop recording artist Mac Miller. It was released on May 28, 2013, as the third single from his second studio album "Watching Movies with the Sound Off" (2013). The song was produced by American producer Diplo. "Goosebumpz" peaked at number 43 on the US "Billboard" Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
John Kassir (born October 24, 1957) is an American actor and voice actor. He is known as the voice of the Crypt Keeper in HBO's Tales from the Crypt franchise. Kassir is also known for his role as Ralph in the Off - Broadway show Reefer Madness, as well as its film adaptation, as well as his voice over work as Buster Bunny (taking over for Charlie Adler late in the final season of Tiny Toon Adventures), Ray ``Raymundo ''Rocket on Rocket Power, the mischievous raccoon Meeko in Pocahontas and its direct - to - video sequel, Jibolba in the Tak and the Power of Juju video game series, Pete Puma in The Looney Tunes Show, and Deadpool in X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse and the Marvel: Ultimate Alliance series. He has also done the voice of Rizzo for the Spyro game, Skylanders: Spyro's Adventure, and voiced Ghost Roaster in Skylanders: Giants, as well as Short Cut in Skylanders: Trap Team and Pit Boss in Skylanders: Imaginators. He is also known for his various roles in season 1 of The Amanda Show. He voiced the Ice King in the original Adventure Time pilot but was replaced by Tom Kenny for the series. He also provided additional voice over work for Sonic the Hedgehog, Eek! The Cat, The Brothers Flub, Dead Rising, Casper's Scare School, Spider - Man 3, Curious George 2: Follow That Monkey!, Diablo III, Monsters University, The Prophet, Halo 5: Guardians and The Secret Life of Pets.
The Marian reforms of 107 BC were a group of military reforms initiated by Gaius Marius, a statesman and general of the Roman Republic.
Lučina ( or "Łuczyna") is a river in Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic. It is the tributary of the Ostravice River to which it enters in Ostrava. It originates in Beskids and then flows northwestward through Horní Bludovice and Dolní Bludovice, near Havířov. Žermanice Dam is built on the river. River is distinct for its meanders which are protected as a unique natural landmark.
As the Reformers wanted all members of the church to be able to read the Bible, education on all levels got a strong boost. By the middle of the eighteenth century, the literacy rate in England was about 60 per cent, in Scotland 65 per cent, and in Sweden eight of ten men and women were able to read and to write. Colleges and universities were founded. For example, the Puritans who established Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1628 founded Harvard College only eight years later. About a dozen other colleges followed in the 18th century, including Yale (1701). Pennsylvania also became a centre of learning.
Born in Seminara, Italy, Sgro emigrated to Australia in 1952. He was a painter and decorator. He was founding President of FILEF (Federation of Italian Migrant
The Bourne Ultimatum is a 2007 action spy film directed by Paul Greengrass loosely based on the novel of the same name by Robert Ludlum.  The screenplay was written by Tony Gilroy, Scott Z. Burns and George Nolfi and based on a screen story of the novel by Gilroy.  The Bourne Ultimatum is the third in the Jason Bourne film series, being preceded by The Bourne Identity (2002) and The Bourne Supremacy (2004). The fourth film, The Bourne Legacy, was released in August 2012, without the involvement of Damon, and the fifth film (a direct sequel to Ultimatum), Jason Bourne, was released in July 2016.
Explorers flying the flag of Spain reached the New World beginning in 1492 with the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus. Spanish expeditions colonized and explored vast areas in North and South America following the grants of the Pope (contained in the 1493 papal bull Inter caetera) and rights contained in the 1494 Treaty of Tordesillas and 1529 Treaty of Zaragoza. These formal acts gave Spain the exclusive rights to colonize the entire Western Hemisphere (excluding eastern Brazil), including all of the west coast of North America. The first European expedition to actually reach the west coast was led by the Spaniard Vasco Núñez de Balboa, who reached the Pacific coast of Panama in 1513. In an act of enduring historical importance, Balboa claimed the Pacific Ocean for the Spanish Crown, as well as all adjoining land and islands. This act gave Spain exclusive sovereignty and navigation rights over the entire west coast of North America.
Joseph Wilfred Arsenault (November 22, 1953 – July 27, 2011) was a political figure on Prince Edward Island, Canada. He represented Evangeline-Miscouche in the Legislative Assembly of Prince Edward Island from 2000 to 2007 as a Progressive Conservative member.
KQSC (1530 AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast from Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States, with a daytime power of 15,000 watts, and can be heard by day from the outskirts of Denver to the state's border with New Mexico.
StoneSoup School was an alternative private school located in Crescent City, Florida in the United States. It was a member of the National Coalition of Alternative Community Schools.
For the first time in draft history the first three draft picks were all freshmen. The Chicago Bulls used the first overall pick to draft Chicago native Derrick Rose from the University of Memphis, who later went on to win the NBA Rookie of the Year Award, making him the first player to be drafted first overall and to win Rookie of the Year since LeBron James in 2003. The Miami Heat used the second pick to draft Michael Beasley from Kansas State University, and the Minnesota Timberwolves used the third pick to draft O. J. Mayo from University of Southern California. With five players taken in the draft, the University of Kansas tied University of Connecticut (2006) and University of Florida (2007) for the record with the most players selected in the first two rounds of an NBA draft. Another record was set when twelve freshmen were drafted, ten of whom were drafted in the first round. Of the players drafted, 29 are forwards, 19 are guards, and 12 are centers.
A 6' 1" guard from the University of Tulsa, Bracey played three seasons (1972–1975) in the National Basketball Association as a member of the Atlanta Hawks and Golden State Warriors. He averaged 6.1 points per game and won an NBA Championship with Golden State in 1975.
The Old Testament canon entered into Christian use in the Greek Septuagint translations and original books, and their differing lists of texts. In addition to the Septuagint, Christianity subsequently added various writings that would become the New Testament. Somewhat different lists of accepted works continued to develop in antiquity. In the 4th century a series of synods produced a list of texts equal to the 39, 46, 51, or 54 - book canon of the Old Testament and to the 27 - book canon of the New Testament that would be subsequently used to today, most notably the Synod of Hippo in 393 CE. Also c. 400, Jerome produced a definitive Latin edition of the Bible (see Vulgate), the canon of which, at the insistence of the Pope, was in accord with the earlier Synods. With the benefit of hindsight it can be said that this process effectively set the New Testament canon, although there are examples of other canonical lists in use after this time.
The Arab Islamic Republic ( "") was a proposed unification of Tunisia and Libya in 1974, agreed upon by Libyan head of state Muammar Gaddafi and Tunisian President Habib Bourguiba. Additional countries — Morocco and Algeria — were later included in the proposal, which was never implemented.
While most artists became established in other formats before moving to adult contemporary, Michael Bublé and Josh Groban started out as AC artists. Throughout this decade, artists such as Nick Lachey, James Blunt, John Mayer, Bruno Mars, Jason Mraz, Kelly Clarkson, Adele, Clay Aiken and Susan Boyle have become successful thanks to a ballad heavy sound. Much as some hot AC and modern rock artists have crossed over into each other, so too has soft AC crossed with country music in this decade. Country musicians such as Faith Hill, Shania Twain, LeAnn Rimes and Carrie Underwood have had success on both charts.
Throughout the following month, the Yongle Emperor and his court showered the Karmapa with presents. At Linggu Temple in Nanjing, he presided over the religious ceremonies for the Yongle Emperor's deceased parents, while twenty-two days of his stay were marked by religious miracles that were recorded in five languages on a gigantic scroll that bore the Emperor's seal. During his stay in Nanjing, Deshin Shekpa was bestowed the title "Great Treasure Prince of Dharma" by the Yongle Emperor. Elliot Sperling asserts that the Yongle Emperor, in bestowing Deshin Shekpa with the title of "King" and praising his mystical abilities and miracles, was trying to build an alliance with the Karmapa as the Mongols had with the Sakya lamas, but Deshin Shekpa rejected the Yongle Emperor's offer. In fact, this was the same title that Kublai Khan had offered the Sakya Phagpa lama, but Deshin Shekpa persuaded the Yongle Emperor to grant the title to religious leaders of other Tibetan Buddhist sects.
A re-release of the game was announced for Microsoft Windows (PC), PlayStation 4 and Xbox One at E3 2014. This enhanced version features an increased draw distance, finer texture details, denser traffic, upgraded weather effects, and new wildlife and vegetation. It includes a new on-foot first-person view option, which required the development team to overhaul the animation system to accommodate first-person gameplay. The PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions were released on 18 November 2014. The PC version, initially scheduled for simultaneous release with the console versions, was delayed until 14 April 2015. According to Rockstar, it required extra development time for "polish". The PC version is capable of 60 frames per second gameplay at 4K resolution, and the Rockstar Editor lets players capture and edit gameplay videos. Plans to develop single-player downloadable content were later scrapped as the team focused resources on Grand Theft Auto Online and Red Dead Redemption 2.
A Football Life is a documentary series of 111 episodes, developed by NFL Films and aired on NFL Network that documents the lives of select National Football League players, coaches, owners, and teams. Friends, teammates, family members and other players and coaches associated with the subjects are interviewed.
Betty Friedan ( February 4, 1921 – February 4, 2006) was an American feminist writer and activist. A leading figure in the women's movement in the United States, her 1963 book The Feminine Mystique is often credited with sparking the second wave of American feminism in the 20th century. In 1966, Friedan co-founded and was elected the first president of the National Organization for Women (NOW), which aimed to bring women "into the mainstream of American society now [in] fully equal partnership with men."
He was the first Italian to play in the Premier League, when he signed with Nottingham Forest in 1995. Over the course of six seasons Silenzi amassed Serie A totals of 132 games and 32 goals, with Napoli and Torino.
United States Crime rates * (2016) Violent crimes Homicide 5.3 Robbery 102.8 Aggravated assault 248.5 Total violent crime 386.3 Property crimes Burglary 468.9 Larceny - theft 1,745.0 Motor vehicle theft 236.9 Total property crime 2,450.7 Notes * Number of reported crimes per 100,000 population. Estimated total population: 323,127,513. In 2013 the FBI modified the definition of rape. Source: Crime in the United States by Volume and Rate per 100,000 Inhabitants, 1997 -- 2016 (Table 1)
Deep Roy (born Mohinder Purba; 1 December 1957), sometimes credited as Roy Deep, is a Kenyan - English actor, stuntman, puppeteer and comedian. Due to his diminutive size (stated by IMDB to be 4'4 ''or 132 cm), he has appeared in a number of similar - sized roles, such as the Oompa - Loompas in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Keenser in Star Trek and subsequent films (``Kelvin Timeline''), and in television series such as The X-Files, Doctor Who and Eastbound & Down.
Tianjin Port (Group) Company (TPG) is the main operator of the Port of Tianjin. It was established in 2004 by the incorporation of the Tianjin Port Authority, part of the process in China of making port authorities into autonomous corporations. It has been a top 500 company in China since 2004.
The Sloat House is located at the corner of NY 17 and Sterling Avenue in Sloatsburg, New York, United States. It is a stone house, dating to the mid-18th century, with a frame front addition built in the 1810s.
Theron S. Copeland (July 30, 1831 – July 8, 1905) was an American law enforcement officer and police captain with the New York City Police Department. He studied military tactics at a military academy and in the National Guard before joining the police force in 1855. Much of his career was spent as a drillmaster and, during the New York Draft Riots in 1863, he was part of the force under Inspector Daniel C. Carpenter who confronted a mob intending to loot the New York financial district and the United States sub-treasury. Copeland was later named in a general address to the police force for displaying ""valor and intelligent service"" during the riots.
Raglan Squire, the eldest son of the poet and critic J C (later Sir John) Squire, was born in London and educated at Blundell's School in Tiverton and at St John's College, Cambridge to read Architecture. Upon graduation Rag spent a year working on building sites, followed by four years working in architects' offices and studying part-time for his RIBA exams at the Regent Street Polytechnic's evening classes in the early 1930s.
``The Charge of the Light Brigade ''is an 1854 narrative poem by Alfred, Lord Tennyson about the Charge of the Light Brigade at the Battle of Balaclava during the Crimean War. He wrote it on December 2, 1854, and it was published on December 9, 1854 in The Examiner. He was the Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom at the time.
As of 2011, the Indian census stated that Khajuraho had a population of 24,481. Males constitute 52% of the population and females 48%. Khajuraho has an average literacy rate of 53%, lower than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 62%, and female literacy is 43%. In Khajuraho, 19% of the population is under six years of age.
The Catholic Church uses wine in the celebration of the Eucharist because it is part of the tradition passed down through the ages starting with Jesus Christ at the Last Supper, where Catholics believe the consecrated bread and wine literally become the body and blood of Jesus Christ, a dogma known as transubstantiation. Wine is used (not grape juice) both due to its strong Scriptural roots, and also to follow the tradition set by the early Christian Church. The Code of Canon Law of the Catholic Church (1983), Canon 924 says that the wine used must be natural, made from grapes of the vine, and not corrupt. In some circumstances, a priest may obtain special permission to use grape juice for the consecration, however this is extremely rare and typically requires sufficient impetus to warrant such a dispensation, such as personal health of the priest.
The Rugby League Tri-Nations (known as the Gillette Tri-Nations for sponsorship reasons) was a rugby league tournament involving the top three teams in the sport: Australia, Great Britain and New Zealand and is the predecessor of today's Rugby League Four Nations.
During a panel discussion at Harvard University's reunion for African American alumni during the 2003–04 academic year, two prominent black professors at the institution—Lani Guinier and Henry Louis Gates—pointed out an unintended effect of affirmative action policies at Harvard. They stated that only about a third of black Harvard undergraduates were from families in which all four grandparents were born into the African American community. The majority of black students at Harvard were Caribbean and African immigrants or their children, with some others the mixed-race children of biracial couples. One Harvard student, born in the South Bronx to a black family whose ancestors have been in the United States for multiple generations, said that there were so few Harvard students from the historic African American community that they took to calling themselves "the descendants" (i.e., descendants of American slaves). The reasons for this underrepresentation of historic African Americans, and possible remedies, remain a subject of debate.
The Alameda Dam is an embankment dam located near Alameda, and Oxbow, Saskatchewan, Canada. It was constructed in 1994 to control flows on the Moose Mountain Creek, and Souris River. It provides flood protection and irrigation for this area of Saskatchewan, along with protection for Minot, North Dakota. The Alameda reservoir provides opportunities for recreational use such as boating and fishing. At the full supply level of , the reservoir holds of water. The project is owned and operated by the Saskatchewan Water Security Agency (formerly Saskatchewan Watershed Authority).
Ottoman cuisine refers to the cuisine of the capital, Istanbul, and the regional capital cities, where the melting pot of cultures created a common cuisine that most of the population regardless of ethnicity shared. This diverse cuisine was honed in the Imperial Palace's kitchens by chefs brought from certain parts of the Empire to create and experiment with different ingredients. The creations of the Ottoman Palace's kitchens filtered to the population, for instance through Ramadan events, and through the cooking at the Yalıs of the Pashas, and from there on spread to the rest of the population.
Walton was born in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, England. He began his career in 1957 with the stage design for Noël Coward's Broadway production of "Conversation Piece". Throughout the late 1950s and early 1960s, he designed for the New York and London stage. He entered motion pictures as costume designer and visual consultant for "Mary Poppins" in 1964, for which he received an Oscar nomination.
Virginia has a total area of , including of water, making it the 35th-largest state by area. Virginia is bordered by Maryland and Washington, D.C. to the north and east; by the Atlantic Ocean to the east; by North Carolina to the south; by Tennessee to the southwest; by Kentucky to the west; and by West Virginia to the north and west. Virginia's boundary with Maryland and Washington, D.C. extends to the low-water mark of the south shore of the Potomac River. The southern border is defined as the 36° 30′ parallel north, though surveyor error led to deviations of as much as three arcminutes. The border with Tennessee was not settled until 1893, when their dispute was brought to the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Charleston-North Charleston-Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area consists of three counties: Charleston, Berkeley, and Dorchester. As of the 2013 U.S. Census, the metropolitan statistical area had a total population of 712,239 people. North Charleston is the second-largest city in the Charleston-North Charleston-Summerville Metropolitan Statistical Area and ranks as the third-largest city in the state; Mount Pleasant and Summerville are the next-largest cities. These cities combined with other incorporated and unincorporated areas along with the city of Charleston form the Charleston-North Charleston Urban Area with a population of 548,404 as of 2010. The metropolitan statistical area also includes a separate and much smaller urban area within Berkeley County, Moncks Corner (with a 2000 population of 9,123).
Néstor Isaías Chávez Silva was a Major League Baseball right-handed starting pitcher who played for the San Francisco Giants (1967).
There are 67 counties in the state of Florida. It became a territory of the U.S. in 1821 with two counties complementing the provincial divisions retained as a Spanish territory: Escambia to the west and St. Johns to the east, divided by the Suwannee River. All of the other counties were apportioned from these two original counties. Florida became the 27th U.S. state in 1845, and its last county was created in 1925 with the formation of Gilchrist County from a segment of Alachua County. Florida's counties are subdivisions of the state government. In 1968, counties gained the power to develop their own charters. All but two of Florida's county seats are incorporated municipalities. The exceptions are Crawfordville, county seat of rural Wakulla County, and East Naples, located outside Naples city limits in Collier County.
With the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, five Central Asian countries gained independence -- Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, and Tajikistan. In all of the new states, former Communist Party officials retained power as local strongmen.
James Cottriall (born 1 January 1986, Stratford upon Avon) is an English musician, currently living in Los Angeles, California. He became famous throughout Austria with the success of his first single, "Unbreakable", which spent twenty weeks in the Austrian top 40 charts in summer 2010. "Unbreakable" was nominated for the Song of the Year category at the 2010 Austrian music Amadeus Awards.
23-year-old Candice Glover won the season with Kree Harrison taking the runner-up spot. Glover is the first female to win American Idol since Jordin Sparks. Glover released "I Am Beautiful" as a single while Harrison released "All Cried Out" immediately after the show. Glover sold poorly with her debut album, and this is also the first season that the runner-up was not signed by a music label.
Two years later, UK Prime Minister James Wilson suddenly dies, and arrangements are made for the Western world leaders to attend his funeral in London. Secret Service Director Lynne Jacobs (Angela Bassett) assigns agent Mike Banning (Gerard Butler), a close friend of US President Benjamin Asher (Aaron Eckhart), to lead Asher's security detail while overseas, even though Banning's wife Leah (Radha Mitchell) is due to give birth to their child in a few weeks. The entourage arrives via Air Force One at Stansted Airport, and Banning pushes their arrival at the Somerset House in London via Marine One earlier. As Asher's Presidential State Car arrives at St Paul's Cathedral, a series of coordinated attacks by terrorists disguised as London Metropolitan Police, the Queen's Guardsmen, and other first responders erupts, killing the other Western leaders, damaging or destroying major landmarks and generating mass panic. Asher's early arrival has thrown the attack on him at St. Paul's off - guard, and Banning is able to rescue Asher and Jacobs and rushes them back to Marine One. As the helicopter and its escorts takes off, terrorists fire Stinger missiles at them, destroying the escorts and forcing the damaged helicopter to crash - land in Hyde Park. Banning and Asher suffer only minor wounds, but Jacobs is fatally injured, and she makes Banning promise to get back at whomever did this. Banning quickly escorts Asher into the London Underground as the city's power is lost and people take shelter in their homes.
Optus can trace its beginnings back to the formation of the Government-owned AUSSAT Pty Limited in 1981. In 1982, Aussat selected the Hughes 376 for their initial satellites, with the first, AUSSAT A1, launched in August 1985. AUSSAT satellites were used for both military and civilian satellite communications, and delivering television services to remote outback communities.
In 1566, the first police investigator of Rio de Janeiro was recruited. By the 17th century, most captaincies already had local units with law enforcement functions. On July 9, 1775 a Cavalry Regiment was created in the state of Minas Gerais for maintaining law and order. In 1808, the Portuguese royal family relocated to Brazil, because of the French invasion of Portugal. King João VI established the "Intendência Geral de Polícia" (General Police Intendancy) for investigations. He also created a Royal Police Guard for Rio de Janeiro in 1809. In 1831, after independence, each province started organizing its local "military police", with order maintenance tasks. The Federal Railroad Police was created in 1852.
Neville A. Stanton is a British Professor of Human Factors and Ergonomics at the University of Southampton. Prof Stanton is a Chartered Engineer (C.Eng), Chartered Psychologist (C.Psychol) and Chartered Ergonomist (C.ErgHF). He has written and edited over a forty books and over three hundered peer-reviewed journal papers on applications of the subject. Stanton is a Fellow of the British Psychological Society, a Fellow of The Institute of Ergonomics and Human Factors and a member of the Institution of Engineering and Technology. He has been published in academic journals including "Nature". He has also helped organisations design new human-machine interfaces, such as the Adaptive Cruise Control system for Jaguar Cars.
The ISU was founded in 1892. The first European Championships were held in 1891, and the first World Championships were held in 1896 and won by Gilbert Fuchs. Only men competed in these events. In 1902, a woman, Madge Syers, entered the World competition for the first time, finishing second. The ISU quickly banned women from competing against men, but established a separate competition for ``ladies ''in 1906. Pair skating was introduced at the 1908 World Championships, where the title was won by Anna Hübler / Heinrich Burger. Figure skating's Olympic debut came at the 1908 Summer Olympics -- it was the first winter sport introduced to the Olympics.
Maryland River is a watercourse of the Clarence River catchment in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales, Australia. Its upper reaches run close to the border between New South Wales and Queensland.
"She's Like the Wind" is a 1987 power ballad from the film "Dirty Dancing", performed by Patrick Swayze. Though Swayze is the primary vocalist on the single, it was billed as being performed by "Patrick Swayze & Wendy Fraser”. Fraser is heard throughout much of the song, specifically in the final chorus. The single reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number one on the Adult Contemporary chart.
After the Indian Rebellion of 1857, the company rule was brought to an end, and the British India along with princely states came under the direct rule of the Crown. The Government of India Act 1858 created the office of Secretary of State for India in 1858 to oversee the affairs of India, which was advised by a new Council of India with 15 members (based in London). The existing Council of Four was formally renamed as the Council of Governor General of India or Executive Council of India. The Council of India was later abolished by Government of India Act 1935.
Solidarity (Polish: Solidarność, pronounced (sɔliˈdarnɔɕt͡ɕ) (listen); full name: Independent Self - governing Labour Union ``Solidarity ''-- Niezależny Samorządny Związek Zawodowy`` Solidarność'' (ɲezaˈlɛʐnɨ samɔˈʐɔndnɨ ˈzvjɔ̃zɛk zavɔˈdɔvɨ sɔliˈdarnɔɕt͡ɕ)) is a Polish labour union that was founded on 17 September 1980 at the Lenin Shipyard under the leadership of Lech Wałęsa. It was the first trade union in a Warsaw Pact country that was not controlled by a communist party. Its membership reached 9.5 million members before its September 1981 Congress (when it reached 10 million), which constituted one third of the total working - age population of Poland.
"Britannia Hospital" is the final part of Anderson's trilogy of films, written by David Sherwin, that follow the adventures of Mick Travis (portrayed by Malcolm McDowell) as he travels through a strange and sometimes surreal Britain. From his days at boarding school in "if..." (1968) to his journey from coffee salesman to film star in "O Lucky Man!" (1973), Travis's adventures finally come to an end in "Britannia Hospital", which sees Mick as a muckraking reporter investigating the bizarre activities of Professor Millar, played by Graham Crowden, whom he had had a run-in with in "O Lucky Man". All three films have characters in common. Some of the characters from "if..." that did not turn up in "O Lucky Man" return for "Britannia Hospital".
The Rhine-Meuse Delta, the most important natural region of the Netherlands begins near Millingen aan de Rijn, close to the Dutch-German border with the division of the Rhine into Waal and Nederrijn. Since the Rhine contributes most of the water, the shorter term Rhine Delta is commonly used. However, this name is also used for the river delta where the Rhine flows into Lake Constance, so it is clearer to call the larger one Rhine-Meuse delta, or even Rhine–Meuse–Scheldt delta, as the Scheldt ends in the same delta.
In 1922, Benito Mussolini's rise to power in Italy brought profound changes to the colonial government in Italian Eritrea. After il Duce declared the birth of the Italian Empire in May 1936, Italian Eritrea (enlarged with northern Ethiopia's regions) and Italian Somaliland were merged with the just conquered Ethiopia in the new Italian East Africa (Africa Orientale Italiana) administrative territory. This Fascist period was characterized by imperial expansion in the name of a "new Roman Empire". Eritrea was chosen by the Italian government to be the industrial center of Italian East Africa.
Naked City was an avant-garde music group led by saxophonist and composer John Zorn. Active primarily in New York City from 1988 to 1993, Naked City was initiated by Zorn as a "composition workshop" to test the limits of composition (and improvisation) in a traditional rock band lineup. Their music incorporated elements of jazz, surf, progressive rock, classical, heavy metal, grindcore, country, punk rock, and other genres.
In March 2008, it was announced that Avicenna's name would be used for new Directories of education institutions for health care professionals, worldwide. The Avicenna Directories will list universities and schools where doctors, public health practitioners, pharmacists and others, are educated. The project team stated "Why Avicenna? Avicenna ... was ... noted for his synthesis of knowledge from both east and west. He has had a lasting influence on the development of medicine and health sciences. The use of Avicenna's name symbolises the worldwide partnership that is needed for the promotion of health services of high quality."
The Book Thief is a 2013 World War II war drama film directed by Brian Percival and starring Geoffrey Rush, Emily Watson, and Sophie Nélisse. The film is based on the 2005 novel The Book Thief by Markus Zusak and adapted by Michael Petroni. The film is about a young girl living with her adoptive German family during the Nazi era. Taught to read by her kind - hearted foster father, the girl begins ``borrowing ''books and sharing them with the Jewish refugee being sheltered by her foster parents in their home. The film features a musical score by Oscar - winning composer John Williams.
Merritt Patterson (born September 2, 1990) is a Canadian actress. She is known for playing Olivia on the short - lived Pretty Little Liars spin - off Ravenswood, and for playing Ophelia on E! network's television series The Royals.
Being a city on the Ill and close to the Rhine, Strasbourg has always been an important centre of fluvial navigation, as is attested by archeological findings. In 1682 the Canal de la Bruche was added to the river navigations, initially to provide transport for sandstone from quarries in the Vosges for use in the fortification of the city. That canal has since closed, but the subsequent Canal du Rhone au Rhine, Canal de la Marne au Rhin and Grand Canal d'Alsace are still in use, as is the important activity of the Port autonome de Strasbourg. Water tourism inside the city proper attracts hundreds of thousands of tourists yearly.
The Victorian Alps in the northeast are the coldest part of Victoria. The Alps are part of the Great Dividing Range mountain system extending east-west through the centre of Victoria. Average temperatures are less than 9 °C (48 °F) in winter and below 0 °C (32 °F) in the highest parts of the ranges. The state's lowest minimum temperature of −11.7 °C (10.9 °F) was recorded at Omeo on 13 June 1965, and again at Falls Creek on 3 July 1970. Temperature extremes for the state are listed in the table below:
Heavenly Days is a 1944 film starring Fibber McGee and Molly. It was the third and final feature film to feature the popular radio characters; unlike the two previous entries, none of the radio show's supporting cast members appeared in this film.
The rivalry between Nintendo and Sega resulted in what has been described as one of the most notable console wars in video game history, in which Sega positioned the Genesis as the "cool" console, with more mature titles aimed at older gamers, and edgy advertisements that occasionally attacked the competition. Nintendo however, scored an early public relations advantage by securing the first console conversion of Capcom's arcade classic Street Fighter II for SNES, which took over a year to make the transition to Genesis. Despite the Genesis's head start, much larger library of games, and lower price point, the Genesis only represented an estimated 60% of the American 16-bit console market in June 1992, and neither console could maintain a definitive lead for several years. Donkey Kong Country is said to have helped establish the SNES's market prominence in the latter years of the 16-bit generation, and for a time, maintain against the PlayStation and Saturn. According to Nintendo, the company had sold more than 20 million SNES units in the U.S. According to a 2014 Wedbush Securities report based on NPD sales data, the SNES ultimately outsold the Genesis in the U.S. market.
The Cat Who Came for Christmas is the first book in a cat trilogy written by Cleveland Amory, an American author who wrote extensively about animal rights. In this book Amory recounts his rescue and adoption of "Polar Bear", a cat he featured in several more books.
Madina Lake is an American alternative rock band formed in Chicago in 2005. Madina Lake released their debut album "From Them, Through Us, to You" through Roadrunner Records on March 27, 2007. Madina Lake won Best International Newcomer at the Kerrang! Awards 2007. The group disbanded in September 2013 before reuniting in February 2017.
Over two centuries after the removal of the capital to Beijing, Nanjing was destined to become the capital of a Ming emperor one more time. After the fall of Beijing to Li Zicheng's rebel forces and then to the Manchu-led Qing dynasty in the spring of 1644, the Ming prince Zhu Yousong was enthroned in Nanjing in June 1644 as the Hongguang Emperor. His short reign was described by later historians as the first reign of the so-called Southern Ming dynasty.
Bit parts are often significant in the story line and sometimes pivotal, as in Jack Albertson's role as a postal worker in the 1947 feature film Miracle on 34th Street. Some characters with bit parts attract significant attention. Constantin Stanislavski remarked that ``there are no small parts, only small actors. ''
Stephen Curry Curry in 2016 No. 30 -- Golden State Warriors Position Point guard League NBA (1988 - 03 - 14) March 14, 1988 (age 30) Akron, Ohio Nationality American Listed height 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m) Listed weight 190 lb (86 kg) Career information High school Charlotte Christian (Charlotte, North Carolina) College Davidson (2006 -- 2009) NBA draft 2009 / Round: 1 / Pick: 7th overall Selected by the Golden State Warriors Playing career 2009 -- present Career history 2009 -- present Golden State Warriors Career highlights and awards 3 × NBA champion (2015, 2017, 2018) 2 × NBA Most Valuable Player (2015, 2016) 5 × NBA All - Star (2014 -- 2018) 2 × All - NBA First Team (2015, 2016) 2 × All - NBA Second Team (2014, 2017) All - NBA Third Team (2018) NBA scoring champion (2016) NBA steals leader (2016) 50 -- 40 -- 90 club (2016) NBA Three - Point Contest champion (2015) NBA Sportsmanship Award (2011) NBA All - Rookie First Team (2010) AP Athlete of the Year (2015) Consensus first - team All - American (2009) Consensus second - team All - American (2008) NCAA Division I scoring leader (2009) 2 × SoCon Player of the Year (2008, 2009) Stats at NBA.com Stats at Basketball-Reference.com Medals (hide) Men's basketball Representing United States FIBA World Cup 2010 Turkey National team 2014 Spain National team
The 10th Avenue Bridge crosses the Mississippi River near downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota and also in proximity to the University of Minnesota. The bridge was formerly called the Cedar Avenue Bridge from days prior to the construction of the I-35W bridge when it connected to Cedar Ave. The bridge connects 10th Avenue Southeast, on the east side of the Mississippi River to 19th Avenue South, on the west side. The bridge is considered the crowning achievement of Minneapolis city engineer Kristoffer Olsen Oustad, who was one of four prominent Norwegian-American men who designed major structures in the region. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1989, and also marks the downstream boundary of the Saint Anthony Falls Historic District. During the days immediately following the I-35W bridge collapse, the 10th Avenue Bridge was closed to traffic, then later reopened; it was one of the most used locations from which to view the wreckage and the recovery efforts.
Matt Cohen was born in Kingston, Ontario, the son of Morris Cohen and Beatrice Sohn, and grew up in Ottawa. He studied political economy at the University of Toronto and taught political philosophy and religion at McMaster University in the late 1960s before publishing his first novel "Korsoniloff" in 1969.
Although China's agricultural output is the largest in the world, only about 15% of its total land area can be cultivated. China's arable land, which represents 10% of the total arable land in the world, supports over 20% of the world's population. Of this approximately 1.4 million square kilometers of arable land, only about 1.2% (116,580 square kilometers) permanently supports crops and 525,800 square kilometers are irrigated. The land is divided into approximately 200 million households, with an average land allocation of just 0.65 hectares (1.6 acres).
Israel operates under a parliamentary system as a democratic republic with universal suffrage. A member of parliament supported by a parliamentary majority becomes the prime minister—usually this is the chair of the largest party. The prime minister is the head of government and head of the cabinet. Israel is governed by a 120-member parliament, known as the Knesset. Membership of the Knesset is based on proportional representation of political parties, with a 3.25% electoral threshold, which in practice has resulted in coalition governments.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau's estimate, the city had a population of 396,394 in 2017, making it the second-largest city in the county (after Fort Worth) and the third-largest in the metropolitan area. Arlington is the forty-eighth-most populous city in the United States, the seventh-most populous city in the state of Texas, and the largest city in the state that is not a county seat.
Pyrgiotissa was a province of Heraklion Prefecture, Crete, Greece. Its territory corresponded with that of the current municipal unit Tympaki. It was abolished in 2006.
The Country Bears is a 2002 American family musical comedy film, directed by Peter Hastings, produced by Walt Disney Pictures, and based on the Disney theme park attraction "Country Bear Jamboree". The film stars Haley Joel Osment as the voice of Beary Barrington with supporting roles done by Christopher Walken, Stephen Tobolowsky, Daryl Mitchell, M.C. Gainey, Diedrich Bader, Alex Rocco, Meagen Fay, Eli Marienthal, and the voice talents of Diedrich Bader, Candy Ford, James Gammon, Brad Garrett, Toby Huss, Kevin Michael Richardson, and Stephen Root.
Sporting Cristal plays its home games at the Estadio Alberto Gallardo. They also play at the Estadio Nacional for international competitions such as Copa Libertadores or Copa Sudamericana. The Estadio Nacional is also the venue for matches against Universitario and Alianza Lima.
Macromolecular Materials and Engineering is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering polymer science. It publishes Reviews, Feature Articles, Communications, and Full Papers on design, modification, characterization, and processing of advanced polymeric materials. Published topics include materials research on engineering polymers, tailor-made functional polymer systems, and new polymer additives. According to the "Journal Citation Reports", the journal has a 2013 impact factor of 2.781.
Kyan Khojandi (born 29 August 1982 in Reims, France) is a French comedian, actor and screenwriter born to a French mother and an Iranian father. He is best known for playing the main character in the television series "Bref", which was broadcast on Canal+ from 2011 to 2012.
The Bellarosa Connection is a 1989 novella by the American author Saul Bellow. The book takes the form of an ongoing dialogue between the Fonstein family about the impact of the Holocaust. This is an especially significant story as it represents, along with "Mr. Sammler's Planet", Bellow's most significant commentary on the Holocaust. In the book, the Bellarosa Connection signifies Billy Rose's Madison Square Garden benefit for the Jews of Europe on the most immediate level, but, more deeply, becomes a point of departure for Bellow to consider the American Jewish response to European Jews' experience during World War II. As Bellow's protagonist comes to grips with the past, his experience distances American Jewry's position from that of its European counterparts. The book moves then to Israel in order to present the three major homelands of the World's Jewry.
Surena or Suren, also known as Rustaham Suren (died 53 BC) was a Parthian "spahbed" ("general" or "commander") during the 1st century BC. He was the leader of the House of Suren and was best known for defeating the Romans in the Battle of Carrhae. Under his command Parthians decisively defeated a numerically superior Roman invasion force under the command of Marcus Licinius Crassus. It is commonly seen as one of the earliest and most important battles between the Roman and Parthian empires and one of the most crushing defeats in Roman history.
Duffield is a town in Scott County, Virginia, United States. The population was 91 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.
Primary and secondary schooling is compulsory for children aged 6 to 16, with the majority attending from the age of 5. There are 13 school years and attending state (public) schools is free to New Zealand citizens and permanent residents from a person's 5th birthday to the end of the calendar year following their 19th birthday. New Zealand has an adult literacy rate of 99%, and over half of the population aged 15 to 29 hold a tertiary qualification. There are five types of government-owned tertiary institutions: universities, colleges of education, polytechnics, specialist colleges, and wānanga, in addition to private training establishments. In the adult population 14.2% have a bachelor's degree or higher, 30.4% have some form of secondary qualification as their highest qualification and 22.4% have no formal qualification. The OECD's Programme for International Student Assessment ranks New Zealand's education system as the seventh best in the world, with students performing exceptionally well in reading, mathematics and science.
Vestal Goodman died at the age 74 of complications from influenza while on Christmas vacation in Florida with her family. She died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital in Celebration, Florida. Her son Rick said it was very appropriate for her death that it would happen in a place called Celebration.
After having declined in size following the subjugation of the Mediterranean, the Roman navy underwent short-term upgrading and revitalisation in the late Republic to meet several new demands. Under Caesar, an invasion fleet was assembled in the English Channel to allow the invasion of Britannia; under Pompey, a large fleet was raised in the Mediterranean Sea to clear the sea of Cilician pirates. During the civil war that followed, as many as a thousand ships were either constructed or pressed into service from Greek cities.
The Constitution designates the Vice President of the United States as President of the United States Senate. The Constitution also calls for a President pro tempore to serve as the leader of the body when the President of the Senate (the Vice President) is absent. In practice, neither the Vice President nor the President pro tempore -- customarily the most senior (longest - serving) Senator in the majority party -- actually presides over the Senate on a daily basis; that task is given to junior Senators of the majority party. Since the Vice President may be of a different party than the majority and is not a member subject to discipline, the rules of procedure of the Senate give the presiding officer very little power and none beyond the presiding role. For these reasons, it is the Majority Leader who, in practice, manages the Senate. This is in contrast to the House of Representatives where the elected Speaker of the House has a great deal of discretionary power and generally presides over votes on bills.
Valley City State University (VCSU) is an institution of higher learning in Valley City, North Dakota, United States, part of the eleven-member North Dakota University System.
Carnival Cruise Line is the world's largest cruise line based in Miami, Florida in the United States. It is a subsidiary of the American - British company Carnival Corporation & PLC, one of the largest travel and tourism companies in the world.
Southampton became a spa town in 1740. It had also become a popular site for sea bathing by the 1760s, despite the lack of a good quality beach. Innovative buildings specifically for this purpose were built at West Quay, with baths that were filled and emptied by the flow of the tide.
Hayek is widely recognised for having introduced the time dimension to the equilibrium construction and for his key role in helping inspire the fields of growth theory, information economics, and the theory of spontaneous order. The "informal" economics presented in Milton Friedman's massively influential popular work Free to Choose (1980), is explicitly Hayekian in its account of the price system as a system for transmitting and co-ordinating knowledge. This can be explained by the fact that Friedman taught Hayek's famous paper "The Use of Knowledge in Society" (1945) in his graduate seminars.
Israel (/ ˈɪzreɪəl /; Hebrew: יִשְׂרָאֵל ‎, Arabic: إِسْرَائِيل ‎), officially the State of Israel (Hebrew: מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל ‎, Arabic: دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل ‎), is a country in the Middle East, on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea. It has land borders with Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip to the east and west, respectively, and Egypt to the southwest. The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area. Israel's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv, while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem, although the state's sovereignty over East Jerusalem is not recognised internationally. The population of Israel was estimated in 2017 to be 8,777,580 people, of whom 74.7% were Jewish, 20.8% Arab and 4.5% others.
Palau Tiger Team was a Palauan association football club which competed in the Palau Soccer League, the top level league in Palau, in 2006-07, when they finished fourth losing 2-4 to Mount Everest Nepal in the third place play-off. Due to fragmentary records, it is not known how many other seasons they competed.
Woburn Manor is a historic home and farm located near Sharpsburg, Washington County, Maryland, United States. The manor house is a Federal style, -story stuccoed stone dwelling with a gable roof structure built around 1820. The stucco is incised to resemble cut block. The property includes a landscaped yard with terracing to the south, stone outbuildings including an out kitchen and smokehouse, and slave quarters.
Goin' Ape! is an album by American comedian, comedy writer and radio personality Jackie Martling. The album was released in 1980 on the Off Hour Rockers label.
UCLA professor Richard H. Sander published an article in the November 2004 issue of the Stanford Law Review that questioned the effectiveness of racial preferences in law schools. He noted that, prior to his article, there had been no comprehensive study on the effects of affirmative action. The article presents a study that shows that half of all black law students rank near the bottom of their class after the first year of law school and that black law students are more likely to drop out of law school and to fail the bar exam. The article offers a tentative estimate that the production of new black lawyers in the United States would grow by eight percent if affirmative action programs at all law schools were ended. Less qualified black students would attend less prestigious schools where they would be more closely matched in abilities with their classmates and thus perform relatively better. Sander helped to develop a socioeconomically-based affirmative action plan for the UCLA School of Law after the passage of Proposition 209 in 1996, which prohibited the use of racial preferences by public universities in California. This change occurred after studies showed that the graduation rate of blacks at UCLA was 41%, compared to 73% for whites.
The Petrosport Stadium (, : Estad Petrosport) is a multi-use stadium with an all-seated capacity of 16,000 located in Cairo Governorate, Egypt. It was completed in 2006. It is the home for ENPPI and other Petrol clubs in Egypt. Zamalek also play the majority of their home games at the Petrosport Stadium.
The Conquest of Granada is a Restoration era stage play, a two-part tragedy written by John Dryden that was first acted in 1670 and 1671 and published in 1672. It is notable both as a defining example of the "heroic drama" pioneered by Dryden, and as the subject of later satire.
In April 1950, Stalin gave Kim permission to invade the South under the condition that Mao would agree to send reinforcements if they became needed. Stalin made it clear that Soviet forces would not openly engage in combat, to avoid a direct war with the Americans. Kim met with Mao in May 1950. Mao was concerned that the Americans would intervene but agreed to support the North Korean invasion. China desperately needed the economic and military aid promised by the Soviets. At that time, the Chinese were in the process of demobilizing half of the PLA's 5.6 million soldiers. However, Mao sent more ethnic Korean PLA veterans to Korea and promised to move an army closer to the Korean border. Once Mao's commitment was secured, preparations for war accelerated.
The Zone 5 Military Museum (Bao Tang Khu 5) is a military museum located at 3 Duy Tân, Da Nang, Vietnam. It covers all Vietnamese resistance to foreign occupation from the Chinese occupation, the First Indochina War with the French, the Vietnam War and the current standoff with China over the Spratly Islands and the Paracel Islands.
Family Guy's seventh season first aired on the Fox network in sixteen episodes from September 28, 2008 to May 17, 2009 before being released as two DVD box sets and syndicated. The animated television series follows the dysfunctional Griffin family (father Peter, mother Lois, daughter Meg, son Chris, baby Stewie and their anthropomorphic dog Brian), who reside in the town of Quahog. The show features the voices of series creator Seth MacFarlane, Alex Borstein, Seth Green, and Mila Kunis in the roles of the Griffin family. The executive producers for the seventh season were MacFarlane, Danny Smith, David Goodman and Chris Sheridan. Goodman and Sheridan served as showrunners for season seven.
Nanjing ( listen; Chinese: 南京, "Southern Capital") is the city situated in the heartland of lower Yangtze River region in China, which has long been a major centre of culture, education, research, politics, economy, transport networks and tourism. It is the capital city of Jiangsu province of People's Republic of China and the second largest city in East China, with a total population of 8,216,100, and legally the capital of Republic of China which lost the mainland during the civil war. The city whose name means "Southern Capital" has a prominent place in Chinese history and culture, having served as the capitals of various Chinese dynasties, kingdoms and republican governments dating from the 3rd century AD to 1949. Prior to the advent of pinyin romanization, Nanjing's city name was spelled as Nanking or Nankin. Nanjing has a number of other names, and some historical names are now used as names of districts of the city, and among them there is the name Jiangning (江寧), whose former character Jiang (江, River) is the former part of the name Jiangsu and latter character Ning (寧, simplified form 宁, Peace) is the short name of Nanjing. When being the capital of a state, for instance, ROC, Jing (京) is adopted as the abbreviation of Nanjing. Although as a city located in southern part of China becoming Chinese national capital as early as in Jin dynasty, the name Nanjing was designated to the city in Ming dynasty, about a thousand years later. Nanjing is particularly known as Jinling (金陵, literally meaning Gold Mountain) and the old name has been used since the Warring States Period in Zhou Dynasty.
MCA Records picked up the reissue rights for "Con-Test", as well as Nash's "American Band-ages" in 1986, but the abrupt change in record labels led to a near-absence of promotion for both records.
David Sean Ferriero (; born December 31, 1945) is a librarian, library administrator, and the 10th Archivist of the United States. He was Director of the New York Public Library, and before that, the University Librarian and Vice Provost for Library Affairs at Duke University. Prior to his Duke position, he worked for 31 years at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology library. Ferriero is the first librarian to serve as Archivist of the United States.
INSAT-4CR is a communications satellite operated by ISRO as part of the Indian National Satellite System. Launched in September 2007, it replaced the INSAT-4C satellite which had been lost in a launch failure the previous year. The satellite is stationed in geostationary orbit at a longitude of 74 degrees east, and is expected to operate for ten years, however this may have been reduced by the underperformance of the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle which placed it into orbit. INSAT-4CR is planned to be replaced by GSAT-31, which was launched on February 6, 2019.
The James Weldon Johnson Community Library is a public library located in St. Petersburg, Florida. It is a branch of the St. Petersburg Library System, which services a large area in southern Pinellas County, Florida.
Viktor Julius Ignaz Ferdinand Graf Dankl von Krásnik (Born as Viktor Dankl; 18 September 18548 January 1941) was a highly decorated Austro-Hungarian officer who reached the pinnacle of his service during World War I with promotion to the rare rank of Colonel General ("Generaloberst"). His successful career met an abrupt end in 1916 due to both his performance on the Italian front and health issues. After the war he would be a vocal apologist for both his country's war record and the dethroned Habsburg monarchy.
Germany has a network of 227 diplomatic missions abroad and maintains relations with more than 190 countries. As of 2011, Germany is the largest contributor to the budget of the European Union (providing 20%) and the third largest contributor to the UN (providing 8%). Germany is a member of NATO, the OECD, the G8, the G20, the World Bank and the IMF. It has played an influential role in the European Union since its inception and has maintained a strong alliance with France and all neighbouring countries since 1990. Germany promotes the creation of a more unified European political, economic and security apparatus.The development policy of Germany is an independent area of foreign policy. It is formulated by the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development and carried out by the implementing organisations. The German government sees development policy as a joint responsibility of the international community. It was the world's third biggest aid donor in 2009 after the United States and France.In 1999, Chancellor Gerhard Schröder's government defined a new basis for German foreign policy by taking part in the NATO decisions surrounding the Kosovo War and by sending German troops into combat for the first time since 1945. The governments of Germany and the United States are close political allies. Cultural ties and economic interests have crafted a bond between the two countries resulting in Atlanticism.
Gogo Nushi (February 15, 1913 – December 4, 1970) was an Albanian political figure who served in a number of positions in Albania during its socialist period.
Brandon Bays (born August 21, 1953) is an American motivational author and speaker. She has authored New Thought self-help books, and is best known for her 1999 book, "The Journey", which became a bestseller in England and Australia.
Green Party of the United States Chairperson Green National Committee Founded April 2001; 17 years ago (2001 - 04) Split from Greens / Green Party USA Preceded by Citizens Party Association of State Green Parties Headquarters 6411 Orchard Avenue, Suite 101, Takoma Park, Maryland 20912 Newspaper Green Pages Youth wing Young Greens Women's wing National Women's Caucus LGBT wing Lavender Greens Latinx wing Latinx Caucus Black wing Black Caucus Ideology Anti-capitalism Eco-socialism Green politics Political position Left - wing International affiliation Global Greens Continental affiliation Federation of the Green Parties of the Americas Colors Green Seats in the Senate 0 / 100 Seats in the House 0 / 435 Governorships 0 / 50 State Upper House Seats 0 / 1,972 State Lower House Seats 2 / 5,411 Territorial Governorships 0 / 6 Territorial Upper Chamber Seats 0 / 97 Territorial Lower Chamber Seats 0 / 91 Other elected offices 156 (2018) Website gp.org Politics of United States Political parties Elections
Dedinje (; ) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia. It is located in Belgrade's municipality of Savski Venac. Dedinje is generally considered the wealthiest part of Belgrade, and is the site of numerous villas and mansions owned by the members of the city's plutocracy, as well as many diplomatic residences.
From 1228, after of the Livonian Crusade, through the 1560s, Estonia was part of Terra Mariana, established on 2 February 1207 as a principality of the Holy Roman Empire and proclaimed by Pope Innocent III in 1215 as subject to the Holy See. The southern parts of the country were conquered by Livonian Brothers of the Sword who joined the Teutonic Order in 1237 and became its branch known as the Livonian Order. The Duchy of Estonia was created out of the northern parts of the country and was a direct dominion of the King of Denmark from 1219 until 1346, when it was sold to the Teutonic Order and became part of the Ordenstaat. In 1343, the people of northern Estonia and Saaremaa rebelled against German rule in the St. George's Night Uprising, which was put down by 1345. The unsuccessful rebellion led to a consolidation of power for the Baltic German minority. For the subsequent centuries they remained the ruling elite in both cities and in the countryside.
Florian Pumhösl (born 1971) is an artist based in Vienna, mainly known for his works that employ abstract visual language to reflect on the diverse manifestations of modernity.
Jeremy Ray Staat (born October 10, 1976) is a former American football defensive end who played for the Pittsburgh Steelers from 1998 and the St. Louis Rams for two games in 2003. He also played for the Los Angeles Avengers arena football team. He is a United States Marine, and has served in Iraq.
Lisa Tetzner (born in Zittau, Saxony on 10 November 1894; died on 2 July 1963 in Carona, Switzerland) was a German-born Swiss children's book writer known for her work with fairy-tales. In 1924 she married Kurt Held, a Jewish Communist.
The government, consisting of the monarch and the ministers, will then usually approve the proposal and the sovereign and one of the ministers signs the proposal with the addition of an enacting clause, thereafter notifying the States General that "The King assents to the proposal." It has happened in exceptional circumstances that the government does not approve a law that has been passed in parliament. In such a case, neither the monarch nor a minister will sign the bill, notifying the States General that "The King will keep the proposal under advisement." A law that has received royal assent will be published in the State Magazine, with the original being kept in the archives of the King's Offices.
Mariposa Grove is a sequoia grove located near Wawona, California, United States, in the southernmost part of Yosemite National Park. It is the largest grove of Giant Sequoias in the park, with several hundred mature examples of the tree. Two of its trees are among the 30 largest Giant Sequoias in the world. The grove closed on July 6, 2015 for a restoration project and reopened on June 15, 2018.
The Samsung Galaxy S II is a touchscreen-enabled, slate-format Android smartphone designed, developed, and marketed by Samsung Electronics. It has additional software features, expanded hardware, and a redesigned physique compared to its predecessor, the Samsung Galaxy S. The S II was launched with Android 2.3 "Gingerbread", with updates to Android 4.1.2 "Jelly Bean".
Mason Turner is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Taylor Glockner. The actor previously auditioned for guest roles on the show, but the producers decided to develop a long-term character specifically for him instead. Glockner's character, Mason, was created and introduced along with the Turner family, as part of a major overhaul of the show's cast. Glockner was given a two-year contract with "Neighbours" and he began filming his first scenes as Mason in November 2012. Glockner made his first screen appearance as Mason during the episode broadcast on 22 February 2013. In December 2013, it was announced that Glockner was to leave "Neighbours" and Mason departed on 28 February 2014.
During the later Pleistocene epoch, between 240,000 and 220,000 years ago, steppe wisent (B. priscus) migrated from Siberia into Alaska across the Bering Land Bridge. Bison priscus inhabited northern North America throughout the remainder of the Pleistocene. In western North America, B. priscus evolved into long-horned bison, B. latifrons, which then evolved into B. antiquus. The larger B. latifrons appears to have died out by about 20,000 ya. After the extinction of B. latifrons, B. antiquus became increasingly abundant in parts of midcontinent North America from 18,000 ya until about 10,000 ya, after which the species appears to have given rise to the living species, B. bison. B. antiquus is the most commonly recovered large mammalian herbivore from the La Brea tar pits.B. antiquus was taller, had larger bones and horns, and was 15-25% larger overall than modern bison. It reached up to 2.27 m (7.5 ft) tall, 4.6 m (15 ft) long, and a weight of 1,588 kg (3500 lb). From tip to tip, the horns of B. antiquus measured about 3 ft (nearly 1 m).
The Embassy of Canada to Russia in Moscow is the diplomatic mission of Canada to Russia. Included in its mandate are the countries of Armenia and Uzbekistan. It also provides visa services to residents of Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.
The growth continued into the next season, starting with a season premiere of 26.5 million. The season attracted an average of 21.7 million viewers, and was placed second overall amongst the 18–49 age group. The finale night when Ruben Studdard won over Clay Aiken was also the highest-rated ever American Idol episode at 38.1 million for the final hour. By season three, the show had become the top show in the 18–49 demographic a position it has held for all subsequent years up to and including season ten, and its competition stages ranked first in the nationwide overall ratings. By season four, American Idol had become the most watched series amongst all viewers on American TV for the first time, with an average viewership of 26.8 million. The show reached its peak in season five with numbers averaging 30.6 million per episode, and season five remains the highest-rated season of the series.
Samuel Preston Moore (September 16, 1813 – May 31, 1889) was an American military physician, who served in the medical corps of the United States Army during the Mexican–American War, and later as the Confederate Surgeon General throughout nearly all of the American Civil War.
Black Wolf Lodge was founded in 1997 by brothers Jack and Andrew ``Turk ''Waterman, the original owners of Noah's Ark water park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin. Black Wolf Lodge was purchased by The Great Lakes Company in 1999. Later that year, founders Marc Vaccaro and Bruce Neviaser changed the name to Great Wolf Lodge and the company headquarters were established in Madison, Wisconsin. In 2001, the company built a second location in Sandusky, Ohio, and named it Great Bear Lodge. When a third location opened in 2003, the decision was made to place all future parks under the Great Wolf Lodge banner. The name of the Ohio location was changed to Great Wolf Lodge in 2004. The chain has since added twelve additional locations and has one in development.
The Learning Company (TLC) was an American educational software company owned by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. The company produced a grade-based system of learning software and tools to improve productivity. Products for preschoolers through second graders included "Reader Rabbit", and software for more advanced students included "The ClueFinders". The company was also known for publishing licensed educational titles featuring characters such as Arthur, Scooby-Doo, "Zoboomafoo", and "Caillou".
Another study from 2012 included 150 dental school students from University of Athens, the result showed that light hair colour (blonde/light ash brown) was predominant in 10.7% of the students. 36% had medium hair colour (Light brown/Medium darkest brown). 32% had darkest brown and 21% black (15.3 off black, 6% midnight black). In conclusion the hair colour of young Greeks are mostly brown, ranging from light to dark brown. with significant minorities having black and blonde hair. The same study also showed that the eye colour of the students was 14.6% blue/green, 28% medium (light brown) and 57.4% dark brown.
This is the only Prime Ministerial Election in Singapore history. The People's Action Party Central Executive Committee met on the victory of the 1959 Singaporean general election to elect a Prime Minister. At the end of the election, Lee Kuan Yew won by a mere 1 vote, that was voted by the then party Chairman Toh Chin Chye
Lewis James Hunt (born 25 August 1982 in Birmingham, West Midlands) is an English footballer who last played for Sutton United.
In 1977, the name of the museum was changed to Suermondt-Ludwig-Museum to honour Irene and Peter Ludwig, art collectors who donated a significant part of their collection of art (medieval to modern) to the museum that year, after having given permanent loans from 1957 on.
Elmer George was married to Mari Hulman George, daughter of Tony Hulman, owner of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Elmer and Mari had three daughters and one son, Tony George, founder of the Indy Racing League, and Ex-CEO of the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Elmer had two children from a previous marriage, Joseph F. George and Carolyn Coffey.
On the night of December 25, 1991, at 7:32 p.m. Moscow time, after Gorbachev left the Kremlin, the Soviet flag was lowered for the last time, and the Russian tricolor was raised in its place, symbolically marking the end of the Soviet Union. The next day, December 26, 1991, the Council of Republics, the upper chamber of the Union's Supreme Soviet, issued a formal Declaration recognizing that the Soviet Union had ceased to exist as a state and subject of international law, and voted both itself and the Soviet Union out of existence (the other chamber of the Supreme Soviet, the Council of the Union, had been unable to work since December 12, 1991, when the recall of the Russian deputies left it without a quorum). The following day Yeltsin moved into Gorbachev's former office, though the Russian authorities had taken over the suite two days earlier. By December 31, 1991, the few remaining Soviet institutions that had not been taken over by Russia ceased operation, and individual republics assumed the central government's role.
Miles Davis and Milt Jackson Quintet/Sextet, also known as Quintet/Sextet and sometimes also as Miles Davis and Milt Jackson and reissued as Miles Davis: Odyssey!, is an album which compiles recordings made for Prestige Records on August 5, 1955 by Miles Davis. Credited to "Miles Davis and Milt Jackson", this was an "all-star" session, and did not feature any of the members of Davis's working group of the time (Sonny Rollins, Red Garland, Paul Chambers and Philly Joe Jones). Jackie McLean only plays on his own compositions.
Nightshade Part 1: The Claws of Sutekh is an action-adventure video game released in 1992 for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It was developed by Beam Software and published by Ultra Games. The game was meant to be the first part in a series, but no sequels were ever made; however, it served as the basis for Beam Software's 1993 game ""Shadowrun".
The Admission to the Union Clause of the United States Constitution, oftentimes called the New States Clause, and found at Article IV, Section 3, Clause 1, authorizes the Congress to admit new states into the United States beyond the thirteen already in existence at the time the Constitution went into effect.
Adamkiewicz earned his medical doctorate in 1873 from the University of Breslau where he was a student-assistant to physiologist Rudolf Peter Heinrich Heidenhain. From 1879 until 1892, he was chief of general and experimental pathology at the Jagiellonian University in Cracow.
Nong Nam Sai (หนองน้ำใส) is a sub-district, ("Tambon"), in the Sikhio District of Nakhon Ratchasima Province, Thailand. It was created in 1996, and covers 101 km², 18 villages, and 12,443 citizens.
Gardens of the Moon is the first of ten novels in Canadian author Steven Erikson's high fantasy series the "Malazan Book of the Fallen". It was first published in 1999 and was nominated for a World Fantasy Award.
The method of execution of federal prisoners for offenses under the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 is that of the state in which the conviction took place. If the state has no death penalty, the judge must choose a state with the death penalty for carrying out the execution. For offenses under the Drug Kingpin Act of 1988, the method of execution is lethal injection. The Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute, Indiana is currently the home of the only death chamber for federal death penalty recipients in the United States, where inmates are put to death by lethal injection. The complex has so far been the only location used for federal executions post-Gregg. Timothy McVeigh and Juan Garza were put to death in June 2001, and Louis Jones, Jr. was put to death on March 18, 2003.
Bike () is a town in central Ethiopia of the Somali Region in the Shinile Zone. It is located 72 km west of Shinile. The town is located on the main railway between Djibouti City and Addis Ababa.
The Constitution of the free State of Bavaria regulates the independence of the free State (Republic) as a land of the Federal Republic of (Germany). On 26 October 1946, it was decided by the National Assembly. After a statement of the Council of Ministers of 4 December, she joined with its publication in the bavarian law-paper on 8 December 1946 in force.
The Pure Food and Drug Act of 1906 was the first of a series of significant consumer protection laws which was enacted by Congress in the 20th century and led to the creation of the Food and Drug Administration. Its main purpose was to ban foreign and interstate traffic in adulterated or mislabeled food and drug products, and it directed the U.S. Bureau of Chemistry to inspect products and refer offenders to prosecutors. It required that active ingredients be placed on the label of a drug's packaging and that drugs could not fall below purity levels established by the United States Pharmacopeia or the National Formulary. The Jungle by Upton Sinclair was an inspirational piece that kept the public's attention on the important issue of unsanitary meat processing plants that later led to food inspection legislation.
Adelaide of Hungary ( – 27 January 1062) was the only daughter of King Andrew I of Hungary of the Árpád dynasty and Anastasia of Kiev. She was the second wife of Vratislav II of Bohemia, whom she married in 1058. She was a good dynastic match for Vratislav, as he profited from the alliance with her father. They had four children, including Bretislaus II of Bohemia and Judith of Bohemia. Vratislav became duke in 1061 after death of his brother, thus Adelaide was duchess for only a short time before her death early in 1062.
The Dufferin Street bridges are two inter-connected vehicular bridges in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The bridges carry Dufferin Street over a railway corridor and the Gardiner Expressway to Exhibition Place. The bridges closed to vehicular traffic in 2013. Temporary structures, namely Bailey bridges over the railway tracks, will be built in 2013-2014 to allow a resumption of traffic in early 2014. Beginning in 2016 the bridges will be completely rebuilt to allow more tracks to cross underneath and create a single span to the CNE grounds. As of March 2019 the spans over the Gardiner Expressway remain in place and the bailey bridges replacing the older outer pedestrian bridges of the northern span with the inner vehicular steel plate box girder bridge still in place.
The Rössen culture is important as it marks the transition from a broad and widely distributed tradition going back to Central Europe's earliest Neolithic LBK towards the more diversified Middle and Late Neolithic situation characterised by the appearance of complexes like Michelsberg and Funnel Beaker Culture.
The goalkeepers are the only players allowed to touch the ball with their hands or arms while it is in play and only in their penalty area. Outfield players mostly use their feet to strike or pass the ball, but may also use their head or torso to do so instead. The team that scores the most goals by the end of the match wins. If the score is level at the end of the game, either a draw is declared or the game goes into extra time and/or a penalty shootout depending on the format of the competition. The Laws of the Game were originally codified in England by The Football Association in 1863. Association football is governed internationally by the International Federation of Association Football (FIFA; French: Fédération Internationale de Football Association), which organises World Cups for both men and women every four years.
American entertainer Michael Jackson (1958–2009) debuted on the professional music scene at age five as a member of The Jackson 5 and began a solo career in 1971 while still part of the group. Jackson has been referred to as the "King of Music Videos" in subsequent years.
However, from 1971 to 1975, NBA teams played preseason exhibitions against American Basketball Association teams. In the early days of the NBA, league clubs sometimes challenged the legendary barnstorming Harlem Globetrotters, with mixed success. The NBA has played preseason games in Europe and Asia. In the 2006 and 2007 seasons, the NBA and the primary European club competition, the Euroleague, conducted a preseason tournament featuring two NBA teams and the finalists from that year's Euroleague.[citation needed] In the 1998-99 and 2011-12 seasons, teams were limited to only two preseason games due to lockouts.
Ghosts of Girlfriends Past was originally set up at Touchstone Pictures with Ben Affleck attached to play the lead character, but he opted out of the movie. It was primarily filmed at Castle Hill in Ipswich, Massachusetts The film was also the first pairing of Michael Douglas and Anne Archer since the 1987 hit thriller Fatal Attraction, although they shared no scenes together. Jennifer Garner and Christa B. Allen again appear together for the first time since 13 Going on 30 in 2004, and they again play the older and younger versions of the same character.
The Armed Forces' 115,349 personnel are divided into a hierarchy of numerous ranks of officers and non-commissioned members. The governor general appoints, on the advice of the prime minister, the Chief of the Defence Staff (CDS) as the highest ranking commissioned officer in the Armed Forces and who, as head of the Armed Forces Council, is in command of the Canadian Forces. The Armed Forces Council generally operates from National Defence Headquarters (NDHQ) in Ottawa, Ontario. On the Armed Forces Council sit the heads of Canadian Joint Operations Command and Canadian Special Operations Forces Command, the Vice Chief of the Defence Staff, and the heads of the Royal Canadian Navy, the Canadian Army, the Royal Canadian Air Force and other key Level 1 organizations. The sovereign and most other members of the Canadian Royal Family also act as colonels-in-chief, honorary air commodores, air commodores-in-chief, admirals, and captains-general of Canadian Forces units, though these positions are ceremonial.
The label was not a success and by 1956 it was clear that the growing teenage rock 'n roll market was not buying Southern based blues. In 1957 Meteor Records issued its last recording and the Bihari brothers consolidated their labels in Los Angeles. The last issue by Meteor was in late 1957. Although the label did not succeed economically, it was an innovative effort on the part of the Bihari brothers to broaden the musical base.
Noel Berry (Skytorn) and Matt Thorson (TowerFall) created a prototype of Celeste in four days during a game jam, now named Celeste Classic. The result was a difficult platformer with 30 levels for the Pico-8 fantasy video game console designed for speedrunning and precision reflexes. Kill Screen noted that the game was a departure from Thorson's TowerFall, and had more in common with the game mechanics of his older games and Super Mario Maker work. The developers also took inspiration from difficult, Super Nintendo-era platformers. Berry and Thorson developed the game into a standalone release with over 200 rooms spread between eight chapters. They livestreamed parts of their development process on Twitch. The game was also demoed at the 2016 PAX West Indie Megabooth. Celeste released on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Windows, Linux and macOS on January 25, 2018. The original Pico-8 prototype is included in the game as an unlockable minigame. The game will eventually receive a limited collector's edition. Thorson stated that he plans to release a set of "farewell levels" for Celeste some time in 2019.
Stephen Tan (born in 1961), () is first son of Robin Chan (Chairman of the Asia Financial Group), and a grandson of Chin Sophonpanich (founder and former president of Bangkok Bank). He serves as the Executive Director of the Asia Financial Group. He has a brother Bernard Chan, who is a Hong Kong politician and businessman, President of Asia Financial Group and its main subsidiary, Asia Insurance.
In American college football the longest NCAA Division I winning streak is held by the University of Oklahoma Sooners, who won 47 consecutive games between 1953 and 1957. The longest FCS winning streak is held by the North Dakota State Bison who won 33 consecutive games between 2012 and 2014.
"Soon" is a song written by Bob Regan and Casey Kelly, and recorded by American country music artist Tanya Tucker. It was released in October 1993 as the first single and title track from the album "Soon". The song reached #2 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
In May 1601, King James VI of Scotland attended the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland at St Columba's Church in Burntisland, Fife, at which proposals were put forward for a new translation of the Bible into English. Two years later, he ascended to the throne of England as King James I of England.
Nay Aug Park is the largest park in Scranton, Pennsylvania, United States. An amusement park on the site closed in the 1990s, but a small amusement area still operates near the swimming pool complex. The park also houses the Nay Aug Gorge, the Everhart Museum, and two Olympic-sized swimming pools. At one time it also had a zoo.
He was the father of actress Lena Olin and singer Mats Olin. He was married to film actresses Britta Holmberg and Helena Kallenbäck.
Leeds Minster, or the Minster and Parish Church of Saint Peter-at-Leeds, (formerly Leeds Parish Church), in Leeds, West Yorkshire is a large Church of England foundation of major architectural and liturgical significance. A church is recorded on the site as early as the 7th century, although the present structure is a Gothic Revival one, dating from the mid-19th century. It is dedicated to Saint Peter and was the Parish Church of Leeds before becoming a Minster in 2012. It has been designated a grade I listed building by English Heritage.
Julie Stichbury, as Primrose Larkin (1991) (6 episodes) Abigail Rokison, as Primrose Larkin (1991 - 1993) (12 episodes) Ian Tucker, as Montgomery 'Monty' Larkin, their eldest son (13 episodes) Christina Giles, as Petunia Larkin, twin sister to Zinnia (18 episodes) Katherine Giles, as Zinnia Larkin, twin sister to Petunia (18 episodes) Stephanie Ralph, as Victoria Larkin, the youngest Larkin daughter (19 episodes) Ross Marriott, as Oscar Larkin, their youngest child (16 episodes) Daisy - May Bates, as John Marlborough Churchill Blenheim Charlton, the only son of Charlie and Mariette (11 episodes)
The Victorian era of the United Kingdom was the period of Queen Victoria's reign from June 1837 to January 1901. This was a long period of prosperity for the British people, as profits gained from the overseas British Empire, as well as from industrial improvements at home, allowed a large, educated middle class to develop. Some scholars would extend the beginning of the period—as defined by a variety of sensibilities and political games that have come to be associated with the Victorians—back five years to the passage of the Reform Act 1832.
The New York Public Library, which has the largest collection of any public library system in the United States, serves Manhattan, the Bronx, and Staten Island. Queens is served by the Queens Borough Public Library, the nation's second largest public library system, while the Brooklyn Public Library serves Brooklyn.
Matthews was drafted by the Browns out of the University of Southern California with the 12th pick in the first round of the 1978 NFL Draft. Clay was a four - time Pro Bowler for Cleveland and was a cornerstone of the defense for well over a decade. In 1984, Clay recorded 12.0 sacks. He was present at the infamous Browns playoff losses known as Red Right 88, The Drive, and The Fumble, that kept some very good teams from appearing in a Super Bowl. One of his most memorable moments as a Brown was in a playoff game against the Bills on January 6, 1990. Jim Kelly and the high flying Bills offense came to Cleveland for a memorable shootout. With only seconds left in the 4th quarter and clinging to a 34 - 30 lead, Matthews intercepted a Kelly pass on the Brown's two yard line to seal a Cleveland victory. After the 1993 season, Clay became an Atlanta Falcon. In 1995 at the age of 39, Matthews started all 16 games for the Falcons. He was also the oldest player to record a sack at 40 years, 282 days. Matthews was one of the first players to negotiate a large contract going into the NFL.
Initially, Scratchie was based in Chicago and had distribution through Mercury Records, but a year of legal wrangling ended the pact after Universal merged with Mercury's parent company, Polygram. Scratchie then signed a deal with New Line and moved to New York City.
Precision Air Services Plc (operating as Precision Air; DSE:PAL) is a Tanzanian airline based at Julius Nyerere International Airport in Dar es Salaam, with a minihub at Mwanza Airport. The airline operates scheduled passenger services to Nairobi, Entebbe, and airports in Tanzania.
2 Horns / 2 Rhythm is an album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham featuring performances with Ernie Henry recorded in 1957 and released on the Riverside label. This was Henry's last recording session.
``Whataya Want from Me ''(abbreviation for`` What Do You Want from Me'') is a song by American recording artist and American Idol eighth season runner - up Adam Lambert from his debut studio album, For Your Entertainment. It was released as the second single from the album. The song peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his highest charted single since his digital cover version of ``Mad World ''. The song charted within the top 10 of the charts in thirteen countries.
A number of hypotheses exist on many of the key issues regarding the domestication of the horse. Although horses appeared in Paleolithic cave art as early as 30,000 BCE, these were wild horses and were probably hunted for meat. How and when horses became domesticated is disputed. The clearest evidence of early use of the horse as a means of transport is from chariot burials dated c. 2000 BCE. However, an increasing amount of evidence supports the hypothesis that horses were domesticated in the Eurasian Steppes approximately 3500 BCE; recent discoveries in the context of the Botai culture suggest that Botai settlements in the Akmola Province of Kazakhstan are the location of the earliest domestication of the horse. Regardless of the specific date of domestication, use of horses spread rapidly across Eurasia for transportation, agricultural work and warfare.
The Incredible Sarah is a 1976 British drama film directed by Richard Fleischer and starring Glenda Jackson. It presents a dramatization of the acting career of Sarah Bernhardt.
Hokey Wolf is a Hanna-Barbera cartoon about the adventures of a con-artist wolf who is always trying to cheat his way into the simple life. He is often accompanied alongside by his young, diminutive, sidekick Ding-A-Ling Wolf, both of whom are featured as part of "The Huckleberry Hound Show" in their own segment.
In 1937 over 100 people died after ingesting "Elixir Sulfanilamide" manufactured by S.E. Massengill Company of Tennessee. The product was formulated in diethylene glycol, a highly toxic solvent that is now widely used as antifreeze. Under the laws extant at that time, prosecution of the manufacturer was possible only under the technicality that the product had been called an "elixir", which literally implied a solution in ethanol. In response to this episode, the U.S. Congress passed the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, which for the first time required pre-market demonstration of safety before a drug could be sold, and explicitly prohibited false therapeutic claims.
``Let there be light ''is an English translation of the Hebrew יְהִי אוֹר ‎ (yehi 'or) found in Genesis 1: 3 of the Torah, the first part of the Hebrew Bible. In Old Testament translations of the phrase, translations include the Greek phrase γενηθήτω φῶς (genēthētō phōs) and the Latin phrase fiat lux.
Houshang Montazeralzohour was the national champion of Iran in 82 kg weight class for several years. He was later arrested and executed by the Iranian Government for his association with the main Iranian opposition organization, known as the MEK, which reportedly wanted to topple the regime and replace it with a secular, democratic one.
Imaginary Day is a jazz album by the Pat Metheny Group, released in 1997 by Warner Bros. Records. The album overall was strongly inspired by world music from Iran and Indonesia, and won the 1999 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Jazz Album. The song "The Roots of Coincidence" won a Grammy award for Best Rock Instrumental Performance; critic Richard Ginnell of Allmusic described the song as a dramatic departure for the group: "[an] out-and-out rock piece with thrash metal and techno-pop episodes joined by abrupt jump cuts."
McCarren Park is a public park in Brooklyn, New York City. It is located in both Williamsburg, Brooklyn and Greenpoint, Brooklyn and is bordered by Nassau Avenue, Bayard Street, Lorimer Street and North 12th Street. It is operated by the New York City Department of Parks and Recreation. Opened in 1906 and originally named Greenpoint Park, the park was renamed McCarren Park in 1909 after State Senator Patrick H. McCarren (1849–1909), who began work as a cooper at Williamsburg sugar refineries and eventually became the Democratic boss of Brooklyn. The park is a popular destination for recreational softball, volleyball, soccer, handball, and other games. It is also used for sunbathing and dog-walking. In late 2004, the park's track was resurfaced and has been a popular destination for running enthusiasts.
Mud and Sand is a silent film starring Stan Laurel. Laurel plays a matador who makes a fool of a famous Spanish dancer. The dancer demands revenge and, in the end, kills the matador by throwing a concealed brick at him after a fight with the fiercest bull in Spain. The moral of the story, shown in the last scene, is: "If you want to live long — and be happy — cut out the bull!" The title spoofs the Rudolph Valentino film "Blood and Sand", and many scenes directly parody that film.
Fyansford is a township on the western edge of Geelong, Victoria, Australia, named after Captain Foster Fyans who came to Geelong as a Police magistrate in October, 1837. It is located at the junction of the Barwon and Moorabool rivers.
Medicine: Findings from Neolithic graveyards in what is now Pakistan show evidence of proto-dentistry among an early farming culture. Ayurveda is a system of traditional medicine that originated in ancient India before 2500 BC, and is now practiced as a form of alternative medicine in other parts of the world. Its most famous text is the Suśrutasamhitā of Suśruta, which is notable for describing procedures on various forms of surgery, including rhinoplasty, the repair of torn ear lobes, perineal lithotomy, cataract surgery, and several other excisions and other surgical procedures.
The Quest Trio is a video game for the Nintendo DS. It was published by Activision in 2008. The "Trio" part of the game's name refers to the 3 selectable games: Jewel Quest II: Jewel Quest Expeditions, Jewel Quest Solitaire, and Mah Jong Quest Expeditions.
Dream Walkin' is the fourth studio album from American country music artist Toby Keith. His last studio album for Mercury Records before signing with Dreamworks Records, it was certified gold by the RIAA for sales of 500,000 copies. The tracks "We Were in Love", "I'm So Happy I Can't Stop Crying", "Dream Walkin'", and "Double Wide Paradise" were all released as singles. Respectively, these reached #2, #2, #5, and #40 on the Hot Country Songs charts, making this the first studio album of Keith's career not to produce any Number One hits.
The 2008 European Rowing Championships were held at the Schinias Olympic Rowing and Canoeing Centre, Marathon, Greece, between 16 and 20 September 2008. They were the 2nd annual event after the decision made in May 2006 by the FISA to re-establish the European Rowing Championships.
Under Two Jags is a 1923 American silent comedy film featuring Stan Laurel. The title spoofs the film "Under Two Flags" (1922).
Ken Page (born January 20, 1954) is an American cabaret singer, actor and voice actor from St. Louis, Missouri. Page is best known as the voice of ``Oogie Boogie '', the main antagonist of Tim Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas, creating the eponymous role of`` Ken'' in the original Broadway production of Ai n't Misbehavin 'and playing the role of ``Old Deuteronomy ''in both the original Broadway and filmed stage productions of Cats, the Musical.
Of the territories of Poland annexed by the Soviet Union between 1939 and 1940, the region around Białystok and a minor part of Galicia east of the San river around Przemyśl were returned to the Polish state at the end of World War II. Of all other territories annexed by the USSR in 1939–40, the ones detached from Finland (Karelia, Petsamo), Estonia (Ingrian area and Petseri County) and Latvia (Abrene) remained part of the Russian Federation, the successor state of the Soviet Union, after 1991. Northern Bukovina, Southern Bessarabia and Hertza remain part of Ukraine.
The 1933 Datsun Type 12 was a small car produced by the Nissan corporation. The name Datsun was used by DAT for their line of small cars. After the DAT corporation was absorbed into Nissan, these cars continued to be produced, and the original model name was maintained. The Type 12 was basically similar to the earlier 1932 Type 11, but had a larger engine.
John Wehner Utility player Born: (1967 - 06 - 29) June 29, 1967 (age 50) Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania Batted: Right Threw: Right MLB debut July 17, 1991, for the Pittsburgh Pirates Last MLB appearance July 27, 2001, for the Pittsburgh Pirates MLB statistics Batting average. 249 Home runs Runs batted in 54 Teams Pittsburgh Pirates (1991 -- 1996) Florida Marlins (1997 -- 1998) Pittsburgh Pirates (1999 -- 2001) Career highlights and awards World Series Championship (1997) Hit the final home run and recorded the final out in Three Rivers Stadium MLB record 99 consecutive games without an error at 3rd base
Wardlow is a parish and linear village in the Derbyshire Dales two miles from Tideswell, Derbyshire, England. The population at the 2011 census was 118. The village contains the church of the Good Shepherd and the small hamlet of Wardlow Mires, which contains a notable pub, The Three Stags' Heads.
Kourtney Mary Kardashian was born in Los Angeles, California on April 18, 1979 to Robert and Kris. She has two younger sisters, Kim and Khloé, and a younger brother, Robert (Rob). In 1991, her parents got divorced and her mother married Bruce Jenner, a 1976 Summer Olympics decathlon winner (Jenner later changed her name to Caitlyn) in 1991. Through their marriage, Kardashian gained stepbrothers Burton ``Burt '', Brandon, and Brody; stepsister Casey; and half - sisters Kendall and Kylie.
Men's Singles 2017 French Open Champion Rafael Nadal Runner - up Stan Wawrinka Final score 6 -- 2, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 1 Details Draw 128 (16 Q / 8 WC) Seeds 32 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends − 45 45 + women WC Singles men women WC Doubles men women ← 2016 French Open 2018 →
Luke -- Acts is an attempt to answer a theological problem, namely how the Messiah of the Jews came to have an overwhelmingly non-Jewish church; the answer it provides, and its central theme, is that the message of Christ was sent to the Gentiles because the Jews rejected it. Luke -- Acts can be also seen as a defense of (or ``apology ''for) the Jesus movement addressed to the Jews: the bulk of the speeches and sermons in Acts are addressed to Jewish audiences, with the Romans serving as external arbiters on disputes concerning Jewish customs and law. On the one hand Luke portrays the Christians as a sect of the Jews, and therefore entitled to legal protection as a recognised religion; on the other, Luke seems unclear as to the future God intends for Jews and Christians, celebrating the Jewishness of Jesus and his immediate followers while also stressing how the Jews had rejected God's promised Messiah.
In the final episode, Eric returns to Point Place for the New Year and he and Donna kiss. It is presumed that they end up together again at the end of the series and the end of the 1970s.
"My Whole World Ended (The Moment You Left Me)" is the solo debut single for former Temptations lead singer David Ruffin, released on Motown Records in early 1969 (see 1969 in music). The song was written by Harvey Fuqua, Johnny Bristol, Pam Sawyer, and James Roach, with its melody and intro based upon the classical music piece "Frühlingslied" by Felix Mendelssohn. Fuqua and Bristol handled the recording's production.
A road map or route map is a map that primarily displays roads and transport links rather than natural geographical information. It is a type of navigational map that commonly includes political boundaries and labels, making it also a type of political map. In addition to roads and boundaries, road maps often include points of interest, such as prominent businesses or buildings, tourism sites, parks and recreational facilities, hotels and restaurants, as well as airports and train stations. A road map may also document non-automotive transit routes, although often these are found only on transit maps.
The biennial nonpartisan election for the Mayor of Raleigh, North Carolina was held on Tuesday, Oct. 10, 2017. As no candidate won a majority of the vote in the first round, a runoff was held on November 7, 2017, as requested by the second - place finisher, Charles Francis. Incumbent Mayor Nancy McFarlane defeated Francis in the runoff, winning a fourth term in office.
Blood on Wolf Mountain, also known as The Wolf Hill, Bloodbath in Langshan, and Bloodshed on Wolf Mountain, is a Chinese film directed by acclaimed Shanghainese film director Fei Mu. Made just prior to the commencement of full-scale war with Imperial Japan, the film itself is often considered an allegory of conflict between China and Japan that had been going on intermittently since the Invasion of Manchuria in 1931. The film was produced by the Lianhua Film Company and was released in November of 1936.
Georgia has had five different capitals in its history. The first was Savannah, the seat of government during British colonial rule, followed by Augusta, Louisville, Milledgeville, and Atlanta, the capital city from 1868 to the present day. The state legislature has gathered for official meetings in other places, most often in Macon and especially during the American Civil War.
WFFG-FM (100.3 FM), known as "Froggy 100.3", is a country music radio station in the United States, licensed to Warrensburg, New York, and owned by Pamal Broadcasting. The station broadcasts 24 hours a day on 100.3 MHz with 1,450 watts effective radiated power from a transmitter located near Black Spruce mountain in the town of Warrensburg, Warren County, New York. (shared with WCKM-FM, WCQL and the former location of WNYQ, now WQSH in the Albany market), and serves the Adirondack Region and the Capital District of New York.
Rose Constance Leveson-Gower, Countess Granville ("née" Bowes-Lyon; 6 May 1890 – 17 November 1967) was the third daughter of the 14th Earl of Strathmore and Kinghorne by his wife, Cecilia Cavendish-Bentinck, and an elder sister of Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother.
During 1998 Netscape released Netscape Communicator code under an open source licence, enabling thousands of developers to participate in improving the software. However, they decided to start from the beginning, which guided the development of the open source browser and soon expanded to a complete application platform.  The Web Standards Project was formed and promoted browser compliance with HTML and CSS standards by creating Acid1, Acid2, and Acid3 tests. 2000 was a big year for Microsoft. Internet Explorer was released for Mac; this was significant as it was the first browser that fully supported HTML 4.01 and CSS 1, raising the bar in terms of standards compliance. It was also the first browser to fully support the PNG image format.  During this time Netscape was sold to AOL and this was seen as Netscape’s official loss to Microsoft in the browser wars.
The United States Army ship which served in the Pacific Ocean at the end of World War II was named in his honor.
"Dunn Dunn", produced by Born Immaculate and DJ Pooh, is the second single from Shawty Lo's debut solo album, "Units in the City". Part of Shawty Lo's third single, "Foolish," is played at the end. However, at the end of the video "to be continued" is seen on the screen.
The I-35W Mississippi River bridge (officially known as Bridge 9340) was an eight-lane, steel truss arch bridge that carried Interstate 35W across the Saint Anthony Falls of the Mississippi River in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. The bridge opened in 1967 and was Minnesota's third busiest, carrying 140,000 vehicles daily. It had a catastrophic failure during the evening rush hour on August 1, 2007, killing 13 people and injuring 145. The NTSB cited a design flaw as the likely cause of the collapse, noting that a too-thin gusset plate ripped along a line of rivets, and additional weight on the bridge at the time contributed to the catastrophic failure.
The period between 1815 and 1871 saw a large number of revolutionary attempts and independence wars. Balkan nations began to regain independence from the Ottoman Empire. Italy unified into a nation state. The capture of Rome in 1870 ended the Papal temporal power. Rivalry in a scramble for empires spread in what is known as The Age of Empire.
The club holds the record for most top - division titles (20) -- including a record 13 Premier League titles -- and FA Community Shields (21). It was also the first English club to win the European Cup in 1968, and, as of 2017, is the only British club to have won the Club World Cup, in 2008. United also became the sole British club to win the Intercontinental Cup, in 1999. The club's most recent trophy came in May 2017, with the 2016 -- 17 UEFA Europa League.
Governor - General of India Standard of the Governor - General Louis Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India & the first governor - general during the dominion period Style His Excellency Residence Viceroy's House Appointer East India Company (to 1858) Monarch of India (from 1858) Formation 20 October 1774 First holder Warren Hastings Final holder Chakravarthi Rajagopalachari Abolished 26 January 1950
The British Raj (/ rɑːdʒ /; from rāj, literally, ``rule ''in Hindustani) was the rule by the British Crown in the Indian subcontinent between 1858 and 1947. The rule is also called Crown rule in India, or direct rule in India. The region under British control was commonly called British India or simply India in contemporaneous usage, and included areas directly administered by the United Kingdom, which were collectively called British India, and those ruled by indigenous rulers, but under British tutelage or paramountcy, and called the princely states. The de facto political amalgamation was also called the Indian Empire and after 1876 issued passports under that name. As India, it was a founding member of the League of Nations, a participating nation in the Summer Olympics in 1900, 1920, 1928, 1932, and 1936, and a founding member of the United Nations in San Francisco in 1945.
Confederate Arizona, commonly referred to as Arizona Territory, and officially the Territory of Arizona, was a territory claimed by the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War, between 1861 and 1865. Delegates to secession conventions had voted in March 1861 to secede from the New Mexico Territory and the United States, and seek to join the Confederacy. It consisted of the portion of the New Mexico Territory south of the 34th parallel, including parts of the modern states of New Mexico and Arizona. Its capital was Mesilla along the southern border. The Confederate territory overlapped the Arizona Territory later established by the Union government in 1863.
Giovanni Battista Caviglia (1770 in Genoa – September 7, 1845 in Paris) was an explorer, navigator and Italian Egyptologist. He was one of the pioneers of Egyptian archeology of his time. He was influential in the excavation of the Sphinx of Giza near Cairo.
Podlužje () is a small geographical region in Serbia. It is located in south-eastern Syrmia. The western part of Podlužje belong to the autonomous province of Vojvodina, and the eastern part belongs to the city of Belgrade. The Serbian Orthodox Fenek monastery and natural reserve Obedska Pond are situated in this region, as well as the medieval town of Kupinik (today a village named Kupinovo), the former seat of the Serbian despots in Syrmia.
The Confederation of Finnish Industries (EK, , ) is the largest employers' association in Finland. It was formed at the beginning of 2005 when the two employers' associations "Palvelutyönantajat" (Employers of the Service Sector) and "Teollisuuden ja Työnantajain Keskusliitto" (Union of Industries and Employers) merged. EK's member companies collectively contribute over 70% of Finland's GDP, and over 95% of Finland's exports. It has considerable negotiating power, since Finland has universal validity of collective labour agreements, and often a national income policy agreement is reached.
Camille Cottin () (born 1 December 1978) is a French film, television and stage actress. She became well-known in 2013 for playing her role in the series of comedy sketches of "La Connasse" on channel Canal+.
As of 2009, Internet via satellite had a steady growth rate of 10% to 15% per year. It was particularly in demand in remote areas that did not have either dialup or wireless online services. The local telecommunications company Dalkom Somalia provided internet over satellite, as well as premium routes for media operators and content providers, and international voice gateway services for global carriers. It also offered inexpensive bandwidth through its internet backbone, whereas bandwidth ordinarily cost customers from $2,500 to $3,000 per month through the major international bandwidth providers. The main clients of these local satellite services were internet cafes, money transfer firms and other companies, as well as international community representatives. In total, there were over 300 local satellite terminals available aross the nation, which were linked to teleports in Europe and Asia. Demand for the satellite services gradually began to fall as broadband wireless access rose. However, it increased in rural areas, as the main client base for the satellite services extended their operations into more remote locales.
Scar is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Pictures' animated feature film The Lion King (1994) as the main antagonist. The character is voiced by Jeremy Irons while his singing voice is provided by both Irons and Jim Cummings, the latter of whom was hired to replace Irons when the former damaged his singing voice. Subsequently, Scar makes minor appearances in The Lion King II: Simba's Pride (1998) and The Lion King 11⁄2 (2004), in which he is voiced entirely by Cummings, and has a non speaking role in The Lion King 11⁄2 as well as appearing in the Broadway musical adaptation of the film, in which the role of Scar was originated by John Vickery.
"Seether" is a single by American alternative rock band Veruca Salt. It was backed with "All Hail Me". In 1994, the song was No. 3 in British Radio One DJ John Peel's "Festive Fifty". The song appeared in the film "Young Adult" and the TV shows "Hindsight" and "Halt and Catch Fire".
On August 18, 2011, the CRTC issued a decision that allows CBC's mandatory market rebroadcasting transmitters in analogue to remain on-air until August 31, 2012. Before that deadline, CBC's licence renewal process would take place and CBC's digital transition plans would be examined as part of that process. The requirement remains for all of CBC's full-power transmitters occupying channels 52 to 69 to either relocate to channels 2 to 51 or become low-power transmitters. In some cases, CBC has opted to reduce the power of existing transmitters to low-power transmitters, which will result in signal loss for some viewers.
Lawrence Hilton - Jacobs - Joseph Jackson Angela Bassett - Katherine Jackson Holly Robinson Peete - Diana Ross Margaret Avery - Martha Scruse Billy Dee Williams - Berry Gordy Vanessa Williams - Suzanne de Passe Wylie Draper - Michael Jackson Abolade David Olatunde - Michael Jackson (baby) Alex Burrall - Michael Jackson (ages 6 -- 8) Jason Weaver - Michael Jackson (ages 9 -- 14) Colin Steele - Jermaine Jackson Jermaine Jackson II - Jermaine Jackson (ages 10 -- 17) Terrence Howard - Jackie Jackson Bumper Robinson - Jackie Jackson (ages 12 -- 16) Monica Calhoun - Rebbie Jackson Ebonie Smith - La Toya Jackson Kelli Martin - La Toya Jackson (ages 8 -- 10) Angel Vargas - Tito Jackson Shakiem Jamar Evans - Tito Jackson (ages 11 -- 15) Maya Nicole Johnson - Janet Jackson Monica Allison - Hazel Gordy Robert Redcross - Randy Jackson Nicolas Phillips - Randy Jackson (age 7 - 9) Marcus Maurice - Marlon Jackson Floyd Myers, Jr. - Marlon Jackson (age 7 - 9) Jacen Wilkerson - Marlon Jackson (ages 10 -- 15)
The Gulf War (2 August 1990 -- 28 February 1991), codenamed Operation Desert Shield (2 August 1990 -- 17 January 1991) for operations leading to the buildup of troops and defence of Saudi Arabia and Operation Desert Storm (17 January 1991 -- 28 February 1991) in its combat phase, was a war waged by coalition forces from 35 nations led by the United States against Iraq in response to Iraq's invasion and annexation of Kuwait.
Fernando Hofileña López Sr. (April 13, 1904May 26, 1993) was a Filipino statesman. A member of the influential López family of Iloilo, López served as Vice President of the Philippines for three terms – under Elpidio Quirino (1949–1953) for the Liberals and Ferdinand Marcos (1965–1969 and 1969–1972) for the Nacionalistas. He was also the chairman of ABS-CBN Corporation from 1986 to his death in 1993.
Alexandra "Aleka" Papariga (née Drosou; ; born 5 November 1945) is a communist Greek politician who served the Communist Party of Greece (KKE) as its General Secretary from 1991 to 2013. She is the first woman who has taken on the office of the General Secretary of the Central Committee of KKE, and thus becoming the first woman to head a major political party in Greece.
Premier League Founded 20 February 1992; 26 years ago (1992 - 02 - 20) Country England (19 teams) Other club (s) from Wales (1 team) Confederation UEFA Number of teams 20 Level on pyramid Relegation to EFL Championship Domestic cup (s) FA Cup FA Community Shield League cup (s) EFL Cup International cup (s) UEFA Champions League UEFA Europa League Current champions Manchester City (3rd title) (2017 -- 18) Most championships Manchester United (13 titles) Most appearances Gareth Barry (653) Top goalscorer Alan Shearer (260 goals) TV partners Sky Sports and BT Sport (live matches) Sky Sports and BBC (highlights) Website premierleague.com 2018 -- 19 Premier League
The Constitution provides that justices ``shall hold their offices during good behavior ''(unless appointed during a Senate recess). The term`` good behavior'' is understood to mean justices may serve for the remainder of their lives, unless they are impeached and convicted by Congress, resign, or retire. Only one justice has been impeached by the House of Representatives (Samuel Chase, March 1804), but he was acquitted in the Senate (March 1805). Moves to impeach sitting justices have occurred more recently (for example, William O. Douglas was the subject of hearings twice, in 1953 and again in 1970; and Abe Fortas resigned while hearings were being organized in 1969), but they did not reach a vote in the House. No mechanism exists for removing a justice who is permanently incapacitated by illness or injury, but unable (or unwilling) to resign.
Frederick Baltimore Calvert (1793 – 21 April 1877) was an English actor and lecturer on elocution, the son of Charles Calvert, steward of the Duke of Norfolk.
Mila Kunis voices Meg Griffin. Kunis won the role after auditions and a slight rewrite of the character, in part due to her performance on That '70s Show. MacFarlane called Kunis back after her first audition, instructing her to speak slower, and then told her to come back another time and enunciate more. Once she claimed that she had it under control, MacFarlane hired her. Kunis described her character as ``the scapegoat ''. She further explained,`` Meg gets picked on a lot. But it's funny. It's like the middle child. She is constantly in the state of being an awkward 14 - year - old, when you're kind of going through puberty and what - not. She's just in a perpetual mode of humiliation. And it's fun.''
Since 2011, Harington has risen to prominence playing the role of Jon Snow in the HBO television series Game of Thrones, which garnered him a nomination for the 2016 Primetime Emmy Award. In 2017, Harington became one of the highest paid actors on television and earned £2 million per episode of Game of Thrones.
Goodbye, Sarah Jane Smith is a two-part story of "The Sarah Jane Adventures" which was broadcast on CBBC on 15 and 16 November 2010. It is the sixth and final story of the fourth series and is also the last to feature the robot dog K9.
The McConnell Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains, located east of Moose Valley and west of McConnell Creek in northern British Columbia, Canada.
The Museum of Cham Sculpture is a museum located in Hải Châu District, Đà Nẵng, central Vietnam, near the Han River.
Glory Johnson (born July 27, 1990) is an American-born Montenegrin basketball forward for the Dallas Wings of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). Born in Colorado Springs, Colorado, she went to Webb School Of Knoxville and played collegiately for the University of Tennessee Lady Vols. She represents the Montenegro national team internationally.
The show was set and taped in New York City, and with an ensemble cast of characters, the storylines centered on the lives of police officers of the New York City Police Department (NYPD) and the firefighters and paramedics of the New York City Fire Department (FDNY), all working the same fictional precinct during the 3 pm to 11 pm shift – the 'third watch'.
Still Swingin' is a song by the American rock band Papa Roach released as the first single from their album "The Connection" on June 24, 2012. The single was well received by the fans for the return of the rap-style vocals of the band's early work. The track was produced by Tylias, an indie dubstep and hip-hop producer from the underground of the music scene. The embrace of this aggregate had polarized opinions, some calling it new and fresh to the songs and another calling it an aberration of their style and even the band, but mostly it was well received. A music video was released on August 30 as lead singer Jacoby Shaddix recovered from a vocal surgery.
Claire Wolniewicz (born 1966) is a French journalist and writer, of Polish origin. She studied law and worked for a while in the field of intellectual property. She works as a freelance journalist, and has written TV scripts, short stories and novels. Her debut novel "Ubiquité" won the 2006 "Prix des Lycéens Librecourt".
Something Like a Bird is an album by Charles Mingus, released on the Atlantic label in 1981. The album reached a peak position of number 37 on the "Billboard" Jazz Albums chart. Mingus is featured as composer and director but does not actually play on this album as his ALS had progressed to the point where he was no longer able to do so. These were the last sessions of his own music he ever participated in, although he did attend one session for the partial collaboration with Joni Mitchell, Mingus before his death in January 1979.
Lyle Reynolds Wheeler (February 2, 1905 – January 10, 1990) was an American motion picture art director. He received five Academy Awards — for "Gone with the Wind" (1939), "Anna and the King of Siam" (1946), "The Robe" (1953), "The King and I" (1956) and "The Diary of Anne Frank" (1959).
Teech is an American sitcom that briefly aired on CBS as part of its 1991 Fall lineup. The series was co-produced by Nikndaph Productions in association with Columbia Pictures Television for CBS.
In the United States, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems account for 30% (4.65 EJ/yr) of the energy used in commercial buildings and nearly 50% (10.1 EJ/yr) of the energy used in residential buildings. Solar heating, cooling and ventilation technologies can be used to offset a portion of this energy.
Copyright holders frequently refer to copyright infringement as theft. In copyright law, infringement does not refer to theft of physical objects that take away the owner's possession, but an instance where a person exercises one of the exclusive rights of the copyright holder without authorization. Courts have distinguished between copyright infringement and theft. For instance, the United States Supreme Court held in Dowling v. United States (1985) that bootleg phonorecords did not constitute stolen property. Instead, "interference with copyright does not easily equate with theft, conversion, or fraud. The Copyright Act even employs a separate term of art to define one who misappropriates a copyright: '[...] an infringer of the copyright.'" The court said that in the case of copyright infringement, the province guaranteed to the copyright holder by copyright law – certain exclusive rights – is invaded, but no control, physical or otherwise, is taken over the copyright, nor is the copyright holder wholly deprived of using the copyrighted work or exercising the exclusive rights held.
The Red Sea (also the Erythraean Sea) is a seawater inlet of the Indian Ocean, lying between Africa and Asia. The connection to the ocean is in the south through the Bab el Mandeb strait and the Gulf of Aden. To the north lie the Sinai Peninsula, the Gulf of Aqaba, and the Gulf of Suez (leading to the Suez Canal). The Red Sea is a Global 200 ecoregion. The sea is underlain by the Red Sea Rift which is part of the Great Rift Valley.
The Biggest Loser Brunei (season 3): Lose It All is the third season of The Biggest Loser Brunei, which is the Bruneian version of the NBC reality television series The Biggest Loser. This season called Lose It All because this is the biggest show of this Brunei's series and to prove to people for keep losing weight weather on the ranch or outside the ranch. This season premiered March 13, 2012. This season introduce the new trainer, Cristine Phoebe for replacing Juliana Mikael which not return for her third season.
Current manager, Roberto Martínez, is the fourteenth permanent holder of the position since it was established in 1939. There have also been four caretaker managers, and before 1939 the team was selected by either the club secretary or by committee. The club's longest-serving manager has been Harry Catterick, who was in charge of the team from 1961–73, taking in 594 first team matches. The Everton manager to win most domestic and international trophies is Howard Kendall, who won two Division One championships, the 1984 FA Cup, the 1984 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, and three Charity Shields.
The biggest Presbyterian church is the National Presbyterian Church in Mexico (Iglesia Nacional Presbiteriana de México), which has around 2,500,000 members and associates and 3000 congregations, but there are other small denominations like the Associate Reformed Presbyterian Church in Mexico which was founded in 1875 by the Associate Reformed Church in North America. The Independent Presbyterian Church and the Presbyterian Reformed Church in Mexico, the National Conservative Presbyterian Church in Mexico are existing churches in the Reformed tradition.
Before the Second World War, the voting age in almost all countries was 21 years or higher. Czechoslovakia was the first to reduce the voting age to 20 years in 1946, and by 1968 a total of 17 countries had lowered their voting age. Many countries, particularly in Western Europe, reduced their voting ages to 18 years during the 1970s, starting with the United Kingdom (1969), with the United States (26th Amendment) (1971), Canada, West Germany (1972), Australia (1974), France (1974), and others following soon afterwards. By the end of the 20th century, 18 had become by far the most common voting age. However, a few countries maintain a voting age of 20 years or higher. It was argued that young men could be drafted to go to war at 18, and many people felt they should be able to vote at the age of 18.
The Diehls Covered Bridge, also known as Turner's Bridge, is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Harrison Township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania. It is a , Burr Truss bridge with a shallow gable roof, constructed in 1892. It crosses the Raystown Branch Juniata River. It is one of 15 historic covered bridges in Bedford County.
The Richmond area also has two railroad stations served by Amtrak. Each station receives regular service from north of Richmond including Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, and New York. The suburban Staples Mill Road Station is located on a major north-south freight line and receives all service to and from all points south including, Raleigh, Durham, Savannah, Newport News, Williamsburg and Florida. Richmond's only railway station located within the city limits, the historic Main Street Station, was renovated in 2004. As of 2010, the station only receives trains headed to and from Newport News and Williamsburg due to track layout. As a result, the Staples Mill Road station receives more trains and serves more passengers overall.
Each state and major mainland territory has its own parliament — unicameral in the Northern Territory, the ACT and Queensland, and bicameral in the other states. The states are sovereign entities, although subject to certain powers of the Commonwealth as defined by the Constitution. The lower houses are known as the Legislative Assembly (the House of Assembly in South Australia and Tasmania); the upper houses are known as the Legislative Council. The head of the government in each state is the Premier and in each territory the Chief Minister. The Queen is represented in each state by a governor; and in the Northern Territory, the Administrator. In the Commonwealth, the Queen's representative is the Governor-General.The Commonwealth Parliament also directly administers the following external territories: Ashmore and Cartier Islands; Australian Antarctic Territory; Christmas Island; Cocos (Keeling) Islands; Coral Sea Islands; Heard Island and McDonald Islands; and Jervis Bay Territory, a naval base and sea port for the national capital in land that was formerly part of New South Wales. The external territory of Norfolk Island previously exercised considerable autonomy under the Norfolk Island Act 1979 through its own legislative assembly and an Administrator to represent the Queen. In 2015, the Commonwealth Parliament abolished self-government, integrating Norfolk Island into the Australian tax and welfare systems and replacing its legislative assembly with a council. Macquarie Island is administered by Tasmania, and Lord Howe Island by New South Wales.
Super Bowl XIV was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Los Angeles Rams and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Pittsburgh Steelers to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1979 season. The Steelers defeated the Rams by the score of 31–19, becoming the first team to win four Super Bowls. The game was played on January 20, 1980, at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California, and was attended by a Super Bowl record 103,985 spectators. This also became the first Super Bowl where the game was coincidentally played in the home market of one of the participants, as Pasadena is about northeast of Downtown Los Angeles. It was the last time the Rams made the Super Bowl while based in Los Angeles until LIII in 2018.
Krishna Aur Kans () is a 2012 Hindi Flash-animated film produced and distributed by Reliance Entertainment. It was directed by Vikram Veturi. It was tax free in six states at the time of his release and released in Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, and English. A new mobile game was also launched on the occasion of Janmashtami after being inspired from film. It was the widest ever released animation movie in India.
Gal Gadot - Varsano (Hebrew: גל גדות ‎ ‎, pronounced (ˈɡal ɡaˈdot); born April 30, 1985) is an Israeli actress and model. Gadot is primarily known for her role as Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe. She started with Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016), continued again in 2017 as the lead in Wonder Woman, and will reprise the role in Justice League. She previously appeared as Gisele Yashar in several films of The Fast and the Furious franchise.
Maximilian Emanuel of Württemberg-Winnental (Stuttgart, February 27, 1689 – Dubno, September 25, 1709), son of Frederick Charles of Württemberg-Winnental and Margravine Eleonore Juliane of Brandenburg-Ansbach, was a volunteer in the army of Charles XII of Sweden and a devoted friend to the king.
Legal studies advanced during the 12th century. Both secular law and canon law, or ecclesiastical law, were studied in the High Middle Ages. Secular law, or Roman law, was advanced greatly by the discovery of the Corpus Juris Civilis in the 11th century, and by 1100 Roman law was being taught at Bologna. This led to the recording and standardisation of legal codes throughout Western Europe. Canon law was also studied, and around 1140 a monk named Gratian (fl. 12th century), a teacher at Bologna, wrote what became the standard text of canon law—the Decretum.
On Broadway is an independent film, shot in Boston in May 2006, starring Joey McIntyre, Jill Flint, Eliza Dushku, Mike O'Malley, Robert Wahlberg, Amy Poehler and Will Arnett.
Montana has a larger Native American population numerically and percentage-wise than most U.S. states. Although the state ranked 45th in population (according to the 2010 U.S. Census), it ranked 19th in total native people population. Native people constituted 6.5 percent of the state's total population, the sixth highest percentage of all 50 states. Montana has three counties in which Native Americans are a majority: Big Horn, Glacier, and Roosevelt. Other counties with large Native American populations include Blaine, Cascade, Hill, Missoula, and Yellowstone counties. The state's Native American population grew by 27.9 percent between 1980 and 1990 (at a time when Montana's entire population rose just 1.6 percent), and by 18.5 percent between 2000 and 2010. As of 2009, almost two-thirds of Native Americans in the state live in urban areas. Of Montana's 20 largest cities, Polson (15.7 percent), Havre (13.0 percent), Great Falls (5.0 percent), Billings (4.4 percent), and Anaconda (3.1 percent) had the greatest percentage of Native American residents in 2010. Billings (4,619), Great Falls (2,942), Missoula (1,838), Havre (1,210), and Polson (706) have the most Native Americans living there. The state's seven reservations include more than twelve distinct Native American ethnolinguistic groups.
Paoskoto (often Paoscoto or Paos Koto) is a village and rural commune in Paoskoto Arrondissement in the Nioro du Rip Department of the Kaolack Region of Senegal, located near the border with the Gambia.
The Dominican Order was affected by a number of elemental influences. Its early members imbued the order with a mysticism and learning. The Europeans of the order embraced ecstatic mysticism on a grand scale and looked to a union with the Creator. The English Dominicans looked for this complete unity as well, but were not so focused on ecstatic experiences. Instead, their goal was to emulate the moral life of Christ more completely. The Dartford nuns were surrounded by all of these legacies, and used them to create something unique. Though they are not called mystics, they are known for their piety toward God and their determination to live lives devoted to, and in emulation of, Him.
Mara Elizabeth Wilson (born July 24, 1987) is an American writer and former child actress. She is known for playing Natalie Hillard in Mrs. Doubtfire (1993), Susan Walker in Miracle on 34th Street (1994), Matilda Wormwood in Matilda (1996) and Lily Stone in Thomas and the Magic Railroad (2000). Since retiring from film acting, Wilson has focused on writing.
The Philadelphia Union is an American professional soccer team based in Chester, Pennsylvania. The Union competes in Major League Soccer (MLS) as a member club of the league's Eastern Conference. The club began play in 2010 as an expansion team of the league. The club plays their home matches at Talen Energy Stadium, a soccer-specific stadium located in Chester on the banks of the Delaware River. Jim Curtin is the Union's head coach.
Orange Gariep, Oranje, Senqu River Sunset over the Orange River near Upington in the Northern Cape Countries Lesotho, South Africa, Namibia Tributaries - right Caledon River, Vaal River, Fish River (Namibia) Landmarks Gariep Dam, Augrabies Falls Source Thaba Putsoa - location Maloti Mountains (Drakensberg), Lesotho - elevation 3,350 m (10,991 ft) Mouth Alexander Bay - location Atlantic Ocean Length 2,200 km (1,367 mi) Basin 973,000 km (375,677 sq mi) Discharge - average 365 m / s (12,890 cu ft / s) The course and watershed of the Orange River, Caledon River and Vaal River. This map shows a conservative border for the watershed. Specifically, the Kalahari basin is excluded, as some sources say it is endorheic. Some other sources using computational methods show a basin which includes parts of Botswana (and hence of the Kalahari).
Mafube Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Fezile Dabi District of the Free State in South Africa. The name is a Sesotho word meaning "dawning of the new day".
Tordesilos is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Castile-La Mancha, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 146 inhabitants.
Season 1 begins at midnight on the day of the California presidential primary. Jack Bauer's protocol is to protect Senator David Palmer from an assassination plot and rescue his own family from those responsible, who seek retribution for Jack and Palmer's involvement with a covert American mission in the Balkans.
Judge Pauliine Koskelo (born June 22, 1956) was appointed President of the Supreme Court of Finland in 2005. On 21 April 2015 she was elected as judge to the European Court of Human Rights by the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
It is in this time that the notation of music on a staff and other elements of musical notation began to take shape. This invention made possible the separation of the composition of a piece of music from its transmission; without written music, transmission was oral, and subject to change every time it was transmitted. With a musical score, a work of music could be performed without the composer's presence. The invention of the movable-type printing press in the 15th century had far-reaching consequences on the preservation and transmission of music.
Some buyers lamented the small size of the first Japanese compacts, and both Toyota and Nissan (then known as Datsun) introduced larger cars such as the Toyota Corona Mark II, the Toyota Cressida, the Mazda 616 and Datsun 810, which added passenger space and amenities such as air conditioning, power steering, AM-FM radios, and even power windows and central locking without increasing the price of the vehicle. A decade after the 1973 oil crisis, Honda, Toyota and Nissan, affected by the 1981 voluntary export restraints, opened US assembly plants and established their luxury divisions (Acura, Lexus and Infiniti, respectively) to distinguish themselves from their mass-market brands.
On October 6, 1973, Syria and Egypt, with support from other Arab nations, launched a surprise attack on Israel, on Yom Kippur. This renewal of hostilities in the Arab–Israeli conflict released the underlying economic pressure on oil prices. At the time, Iran was the world's second-largest oil exporter and a close US ally. Weeks later, the Shah of Iran said in an interview: "Of course [the price of oil] is going to rise... Certainly! And how!... You've [Western nations] increased the price of the wheat you sell us by 300 percent, and the same for sugar and cement... You buy our crude oil and sell it back to us, refined as petrochemicals, at a hundred times the price you've paid us... It's only fair that, from now on, you should pay more for oil. Let's say ten times more."
Now You See Him, Now You Don't is a 1972 Walt Disney Productions film starring Kurt Russell as a chemistry student who accidentally discovers the secret to invisibility. It is the sequel to the 1969 film "The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes" and was followed by 1975's "The Strongest Man in the World".
James Hannell (1 December 1813 – 31 December 1876) was an auctioneer, publican, and Australian politician elected as a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, the first Mayor of Newcastle, and the first Mayor of Wickham.
Jackie Chan as Chief Inspector Lee Chris Tucker as Detective James Carter Max von Sydow as Varden Reynard Hiroyuki Sanada as Kenji Yvan Attal as George Youki Kudoh as Dragon Lady Jasmine Noémie Lenoir as Geneviève / Shy Shen Zhang Jingchu as Soo - Yung Tzi Ma as Ambassador Solon Han Roman Polanski as Commissaire Revi Philip Baker Hall as Captain William Diel Dana Ivey as Sister Agnes Henry O as Master Yu Mia Tyler as Marsha David Niven, Jr. as British Foreign Minister Sun Mingming as Kung - Fu Giant Julie Depardieu as Paulette Sarah Shahi as Zoe
Rafael Nadal Nadal in 2016 Full name Rafael Nadal Parera Country (sports) Spain Residence Manacor, Balearic Islands, Spain (1986 - 06 - 03) 3 June 1986 (age 32) Manacor, Balearic Islands, Spain Height 1.85 m (6 ft 1 in) Turned pro 2001 Plays Left - handed (two - handed backhand), born right - handed Coach Toni Nadal (1990 -- 2017) Francisco Roig (2005 --) Carlos Moyá (2016 --) Prize money US $102,326,975 3rd all - time leader in earnings Official website rafaelnadal.com Singles Career record 913 -- 188 (82.92%) Career titles 80 (4th in the Open Era) Highest ranking No. 1 (18 August 2008) Current ranking No. 1 (25 June 2018) Grand Slam Singles results Australian Open W (2009) French Open W (2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2017, 2018) Wimbledon W (2008, 2010) US Open W (2010, 2013, 2017) Other tournaments Tour Finals F (2010, 2013) Olympic Games W (2008) Doubles Career record 131 -- 72 Career titles 11 Highest ranking No. 26 (8 August 2005) Current ranking No. -- (19 March 2018) Grand Slam Doubles results Australian Open 3R (2004, 2005) Wimbledon 2R (2005) US Open SF (2004) Other doubles tournaments Olympic Games W (2016) Team competitions Davis Cup W (2004, 2008, 2009, 2011) Medal record (hide) Representing Spain Men's Tennis 2008 Beijing Singles 2016 Rio de Janeiro Doubles Last updated on: 13 August 2018.
Christopher Robert "Chris" Bury (born December 10, 1953) is an American journalist at Al Jazeera America, where he is a correspondent for America Tonight. He is best known for being a correspondent at ABC News "Nightline", where he also served as substitute anchor. Bury was also a national correspondent based in Chicago for "World News with Diane Sawyer" and "Good Morning America".
Challenge Cup Current season or competition:: 2017 Challenge Cup Sport Rugby league Instituted 1896 Inaugural season 1896 -- 97 Number of teams 100 + Countries England Wales Scotland France Canada Winners Hull (5th title) (2017) Most titles Wigan (19 titles) Website challenge cup Broadcast partner Sky Sports BBC Related competition Super League Championship League 1 National Conference League
Law & Order True Crime is an American true crime anthology series that premiered on September 26, 2017 on NBC. The series was ordered by NBC on July 15, 2016, and is part of the Law & Order franchise. The eight - episode first season, titled Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders, is a dramatization of the trial of Lyle and Erik Menendez, who were convicted in 1996 for the murder of their parents, José and Kitty Menendez. The first season concluded on November 14, 2017.
Ten Silver Coins: The Drylings of Acchora is a young adult novel written by Andrew Kooman. It is a fantasy novel and its protagonist is Jill Strong. "Ten Silver Coins" was Kooman's debut novel. Kooman wrote the majority of the book in 2004 while working in Asia. It is the first novel in a three-novel series.
The Vampire Stories of R. Chetwynd-Hayes is a collection of horror short stories by British author R. Chetwynd-Hayes, edited by Stephen Jones. It was released in 1997 by Fedogan & Bremer in an edition of 1,000 copies, of which 100 were signed by the author, editor, illustrator, cover artist and Brian Lumley who wrote the foreword. Most of the stories originally appeared in other anthologies and collections.
Neil Patrick Harris (born June 15, 1973) is an American actor, writer, producer, comedian, magician, and singer. He is known primarily for his comedy roles on television and his dramatic and musical stage roles. On television, he is known for playing the title character on Doogie Howser, M.D. (1989 -- 1993), Barney Stinson on How I Met Your Mother (2005 -- 2014, for which he was nominated for four Emmy Awards), and Count Olaf in A Series of Unfortunate Events (2017 -- present).
House of Commons of Canada Chambre des communes du Canada 42nd Parliament Type Type Lower House of the Parliament of Canada Leadership Speaker Geoff Regan, Liberal Since December 3, 2015 Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Liberal Since November 4, 2015 Leader of the Official Opposition Andrew Scheer, Conservative Since May 27, 2017 Leader of the Government in the House of Commons Bardish Chagger, Liberal Since August 19, 2016 Opposition House Leader Candice Bergen, Conservative Since September 15, 2016 Structure Seats 338 Political groups HM Government Liberal Party (183) HM Loyal Opposition Conservative Party (97) Other Parties New Democratic Party (44) Bloc Québécois (10) Green Party (1) Independent (2) Vacant (1) Salary C $172,700 (sessional indemnity effective April 1, 2017) Elections Voting system First - past - the - post Last election October 19, 2015 Next election Scheduled for October 21, 2019 Meeting place Centre Block -- Parliament Hill Ottawa Website www.ourcommons.ca
William Barret "Buck" Travis (August 1, 1809 – March 6, 1836) was a 19th-century American lawyer and soldier. At the age of 26, he was a lieutenant colonel in the Texas Army. He died at the Battle of the Alamo during the Texas Revolution. Travis County and Travis Park were named after him for being the commander of the Republic of Texas at the Battle of the Alamo.
None of the early appearances of the ``Happy Birthday to You ''lyrics included credits or copyright notices. The Summy Company registered a copyright in 1935, crediting authors Preston Ware Orem and Mrs. R. R. Forman. In 1988, Warner / Chappell Music purchased the company owning the copyright for US $25 million, with the value of`` Happy Birthday'' estimated at US $5 million. Based on the 1935 copyright registration, Warner claimed that the United States copyright will not expire until 2030, and that unauthorized public performances of the song are illegal unless royalties are paid to Warner. In one specific instance in February 2010, these royalties were said to amount to US $700. By one estimate, the song is the highest - earning single song in history, with estimated earnings since its creation of US $50 million. In the European Union, the copyright for the song expired on January 1, 2017.
Upstage was a free monthly publication founded by Gary Wien that covered arts and entertainment in New Jersey, US. Each issue covered music, art, film, theatre, dance, poetry, literature and comedy. The magazine first appeared in October 2003 and was distributed in New Brunswick, Princeton, Trenton, Red Bank, Long Branch, Asbury Park, Woodbridge, Rahway and Point Pleasant. In 2006, "Upstage" partnered with Black Potato Entertainment and expanded to a statewide publication and distribution. The magazine received an Asbury Music Award for Top Music Publication and ceased publication in 2008. It was succeeded by "New Jersey Stage", an online music magazine edited and published by Gary Wien.
Nigel Griffiths was educated at Hawick High School in the Scottish Borders before attending the University of Edinburgh where he was awarded an MA in 1977. He finished his education at Moray House College of Education (now the Moray House School of Education on "Holyrood Road" at the University of Edinburgh) in Edinburgh in 1978. He was president of the University of Edinburgh Labour Group in 1976, where he first met and supported Gordon Brown, who was then the student elected Rector of the University.
After issue # 99 (March 1968), the Tales of Suspense series was renamed Captain America. An Iron Man story appeared in the one - shot comic Iron Man and Sub-Mariner (April 1968), before the ``Golden Avenger ''made his solo debut with The Invincible Iron Man # 1 (May 1968). The series' indicia gives its copyright title Iron Man, while the trademarked cover logo of most issues is The Invincible Iron Man. Artist George Tuska began a decade long association with the character with Iron Man # 5 (Sept. 1968). Writer Mike Friedrich and artist Jim Starlin's brief collaboration on the Iron Man series introduced Mentor, Starfox, and Thanos in issue # 55 (Feb. 1973). Friedrich scripted a metafictional story in which Iron Man visited the San Diego Comic Convention and met several Marvel Comics writers and artists. He then wrote the multi-issue`` War of the Super-Villains'' storyline which ran through 1975.
When the series finished its fourth season, several secondary characters left the show, including Martin Mull and Nate Richert. Richert, who played Sabrina's boyfriend Harvey since the first season, was cut in order to give the show a more ``grown - up look ''as Sabrina was about to attend college. The decision was later rescinded, and Richert appeared in three episodes of season five and then returned as a series regular in season six and seven.
St. Francis Preparatory School, commonly known as St. Francis Prep, is a private, independent Catholic college preparatory school in the Fresh Meadows neighborhood of the New York City Borough of Queens, in the State of New York. It is the largest non-diocesan Catholic high school in the United States. St. Francis is run by the Franciscan Brothers of Brooklyn, who maintain a residence on the top floor of the school. The school has a student body of about 2,750 students and graduates between 600 and 700 students annually.
The Parthian Empire (; 247 BC – 224 AD), also known as the Arsacid Empire (), was a major Iranian political and cultural power in ancient Iran. Its latter name comes from Arsaces I of Parthia who, as leader of the Parni tribe, founded it in the mid-3rd century BC when he conquered the region of Parthia in Iran's northeast, modern-day Turkmenistan and north-western Afghanistan. Then a satrapy (province) under Andragoras, in rebellion against the Seleucid Empire; Mithridates I of Parthia (r. c. 171–138 BC) greatly expanded the empire by seizing Media and Mesopotamia from the Seleucids. At its height, the Parthian Empire stretched from the northern reaches of the Euphrates, in what is now central-eastern Turkey, to western Afghanistan and north-western Pakistan. The empire, located on the Silk Road trade route between the Roman Empire in the Mediterranean Basin and the Han dynasty of China, became a center of trade and commerce.
Villacondide is one of seven parishes (administrative divisions) in the Coaña municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
Constantine the Great, who along with Licinius had decreed toleration of Christianity in the Roman Empire by what is commonly called the "Edict of Milan", and was the first Roman Emperor baptized, set precedents for later policy. By Roman law the Emperor was Pontifex Maximus, the high priest of the College of Pontiffs (Collegium Pontificum) of all recognized religions in ancient Rome. To put an end to the doctrinal debate initiated by Arius, Constantine called the first of what would afterwards be called the ecumenical councils and then enforced orthodoxy by Imperial authority.
Richard Hagopian is perhaps the most famous artist of the traditional "kef" style and the Vosbikian Band was notable in the 1940s and 1950s for developing their own style of "kef music" heavily influenced by the popular American Big Band Jazz of the time. Later, stemming from the Middle Eastern Armenian diaspora and influenced by Continental European (especially French) pop music, the Armenian pop music genre grew to fame in the 1960s and 1970s with artists such as Adiss Harmandian and Harout Pamboukjian performing to the Armenian diaspora and Armenia; also with artists such as Sirusho, performing pop music combined with Armenian folk music in today's entertainment industry.
The Gallic Empire () or the Gallic Roman Empire are names used in modern historiography for a breakaway part of the Roman Empire that functioned "de facto" as a separate state from 260 to 274. It originated during the Crisis of the Third Century, when a series of Roman military leaders and aristocrats declared themselves emperors and took control of Gaul and adjacent provinces without attempting to conquer Italy or otherwise seize the central Roman administrative apparatus.
By August, the KPA had pushed back the ROK Army and the Eighth United States Army to the vicinity of Pusan in southeast Korea. In their southward advance, the KPA purged the Republic of Korea's intelligentsia by killing civil servants and intellectuals. On 20 August, General MacArthur warned North Korean leader Kim Il-sung that he was responsible for the KPA's atrocities. By September, the UN Command controlled the Pusan perimeter, enclosing about 10% of Korea, in a line partially defined by the Nakdong River.
Shark in the Park was a New Zealand television drama series. A police procedural, it revolved around the professional and private lives of a group of officers at a Wellington police station under the command of Inspector Brian "Sharky" Finn. The title came from the informal code term used by officers to indicate that the Inspector was about and they should "look busy".
On 4 January 2016, Barcelona's transfer ban ended. The same day, they registered 77 players across all categories and ages, and both last summer signings Arda Turan and Aleix Vidal became eligible to play with the first team. On 10 February, qualifying for the sixth Copa del Rey final in the last eight seasons, Luis Enrique’s Barcelona broke the club's record of 28 consecutive games unbeaten in all competitions set by Guardiola’s team in the 2010–11 season, with a 1–1 draw with Valencia in the second leg of the 2015–16 Copa del Rey.
Galashiels Baptist Church is located in the town of Galashiels, in the heart of the Scottish Borders. It was founded in 1804 and is affiliated to the Baptist Union of Scotland.
Il figlioccio del padrino ("The Godson of the Godfather") is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Mariano Laurenti. A parody of "The Godfather", it was mainly shot in Acireale. The film got a good commercial success, grossing about 500 million lire.
Erin Jessica Cahill (born January 4, 1980) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Jen Scotts in Power Rangers Time Force, Ted Mosby's sister, Heather, in How I Met Your Mother, and Kendra Burke in Saving Grace. She had a recurring role as Felicity in the ABC series Red Widow. She is also noted to be the first lead female character for the Call of Duty franchise, as Chloe 'Karma' Lynch in Call of Duty: Black Ops II.
On March 3, 1944, on the orders of Stalin, the Chechen-Ingush ASSR was disbanded and its population forcibly deported upon the accusations of collaboration with the invaders and separatism. The territory of the ASSR was divided between other administrative unit of Russian SFSR and the Georgian SSR.
North Carolina State University is located in southwest Raleigh where the Wolfpack competes nationally in 24 intercollegiate varsity sports as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference. The university's football team plays in Carter-Finley Stadium, the third largest football stadium in North Carolina, while the men's basketball team shares the PNC Arena with the Carolina Hurricanes hockey club. The Wolfpack women's basketball, volleyball, and gymnastics as well as men's wrestling events are held on campus at Reynolds Coliseum. The men's baseball team plays at Doak Field.
Allen and his sister Jody Allen together were the owners and executive producers of Vulcan Productions, a television and film production company headquartered in Seattle within the entertainment division of Vulcan Inc. Their films have received various recognition, ranging from a Peabody to Independent Spirit Awards, Grammys and Emmys. In 2014 alone, Allen's film, "We The Economy," won 12 awards including a Webby award for best Online News & Politics Series. The films have also been nominated for Golden Globes and Academy Awards among many others. Vulcan Productions' films and documentary projects include "Far from Heaven" (2002), "Hard Candy" (2005), "Rx for Survival: A Global Health Challenge" (2005), "Where God Left His Shoes" (2006), "" (2007), "This Emotional Life" (2010), "We The Economy" (2014) "Racing Extinction" (2015) and Oscar-nominated "Body Team 12" (2015).
The conflict in northern Mali began in January 2012 with radical Islamists (affiliated to al-Qaeda) advancing into northern Mali. The Malian government had a hard time maintaining full control over their country. The fledgling government requested support from the international community on combating the Islamic militants. In January 2013, France intervened on behalf of the Malian government's request and deployed troops into the region. They launched Operation Serval on 11 January 2013, with the hopes of dislodging the al-Qaeda affiliated groups from northern Mali.
Ameristar Casino Resort Spa Black Hawk, owned by Ameristar Casinos Black Hawk Station Bull Durham Saloon & Casino Canyon Casino Saratoga Casino Black Hawk, owned by Saratoga Harness Racing Gilpin Hotel Casino, owned by Jacobs Entertainment Golden Gates Casino, owned by Affinity Gaming Golden Gulch Casino, owned by Affinity Gaming Golden Mardi Gras Casino, owned by Affinity Gaming Isle of Capri Black Hawk, owned by Isle of Capri Casinos Lady Luck Casino, owned by Isle of Capri Casinos The Lodge Casino, owned by Jacobs Entertainment Monarch Casino, owned by Monarch Casino & Resort, Inc. Red Dolly Casino Sasquatch Casino Wild Card Casino Z Casino
Wheatland is the second-largest city by population in Yuba County, California, United States. The population was 3,456 at the 2010 census, up from 2,275 at the 2000 census. Wheatland is located southeast of Marysville.
Marlene Favela (born Silvia Marlene Favela Meraz on August 5, 1976 in Santiago Papasquiaro, Durango, Mexico) is a Mexican actress. In Mexican television, as of 2013 she was best known as Esmeralda in the TV show "Zorro, La Espada y la Rosa".
Academy Award for Best Actor Awarded for Best Performance by an Actor in a Leading Role Country United States Presented by Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) First awarded 1929 (for performance in films released during the 1927 / 1928 film season) Currently held by Casey Affleck Manchester by the Sea (2016) Website oscars.org
Çığrı is a village in the District of Başmakçı, Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey. According to the 2010 census it had a population of 800.
Navacerrada Dam is a reservoir at Navacerrada in the Community of Madrid, Spain. At an elevation of 1200 m, its maximum surface area is .
Getting Gertie's Garter is a 1945 American slapstick comedy film written and directed by Allan Dwan, and starring Dennis O'Keefe, Marie McDonald, and Barry Sullivan. The film is based on the 1921 play of the same name by Wilson Collison and Avery Hopwood. The play was previously adapted for the screen as a silent film released in 1927 by Metropolitan Pictures and starred Marie Prevost and Charles Ray.
Kerr came to prominence in the early 1990s via a musical partnership with fellow fiddle player Eliza Carthy. The duo produced two albums – "Eliza Carthy & Nancy Kerr" (1993) and "Shape of Scrape" (1995) – before ceasing to work together. A retrospective collection of their work (plus three previously unreleased tracks) – "On Reflection" – was released in 2002.
Georges Bégué was born 22 November 1911 in Périgueux, France. His father was a railway engineer and the family moved to Egypt when Bégué was a child. Bégué also trained as an engineer at University of Hull where he learned English and met his wife. He went through his military service as a signaller.
Bassel al-Assad Stadium () is a multi-use stadium located in the Baba Amr district in the city of Homs, Syria. It was opened in 2000, and is mostly used for football matches and serves as a second venue for the football clubs of al-Karamah SC and al-Wathba SC. Located in the Baba Amr district of the city, the stadium is able to hold up to 25,000 spectators. It was renovated in 2010.
The Church of St. Leodegar (German: St. Leodegar im Hof or Hofkirche St. Leodegar) is a Roman Catholic church in the city of Lucerne, Switzerland. It was built in parts from 1633 to 1639 on the foundation of the Roman basilica which had burnt in 1633. This church was one of the few built north of the Alps during the Thirty Years War and one of the largest art history rich churches of the German late renaissance period.
After the Anglo - Saxon period, Britain was used as a historical term only. Geoffrey of Monmouth in his pseudohistorical Historia Regum Britanniae (c. 1136) refers to the island as Britannia major (``Greater Britain ''), to distinguish it from Britannia minor (`` Lesser Britain''), the continental region which approximates to modern Brittany, which had been settled in the fifth and sixth centuries by migrants from Britain. The term Great Britain was first used officially in 1474, in the instrument drawing up the proposal for a marriage between Cecily the daughter of Edward IV of England, and James the son of James III of Scotland, which described it as ``this Nobill Isle, callit Gret Britanee ''. It was used again in 1604, when King James VI and I styled himself`` King of Great Brittaine, France and Ireland''.
Hungry Jack's Pty Ltd is the exclusive Australian master fast food franchise of Burger King Corporation. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of Competitive Foods Australia, a privately held company owned by Jack Cowin. Hungry Jack's owns and operates or sub-licences all of the Burger King / Hungry Jack's restaurants in Australia. As the master franchise for the country, the company is responsible for licensing new operators, opening its own stores and performing standards oversight of franchised locations in that country. With over 390 locations across Australia, Hungry Jack's is the second largest franchise of Burger King in the world (second to Carrols Corporation).
Thoma Çami was a Cham Albanian leader and one of the main contributors to the revival of Albanian culture during the National Renaissance of Albania. He was a founder and the first chairman of the organization "Bashkimi", the best-known cultural club of the Albanian National Awakening. He also wrote the first scholarly history book for Albanian schools, but died before the Albanian declaration of independence.
He retired as the professor of philosophy at the University of Cambridge in 2011, but remains a distinguished research professor of philosophy at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, teaching every fall semester. He is also a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge, and a member of the professoriate of New College of the Humanities. He was previously a Fellow of Pembroke College, Oxford and has also taught full-time at the University of North Carolina as an Edna J. Koury Professor. He is a former president of the Aristotelian Society, having served the 2009–2010 term. He was elected a Fellow of the British Academy in 2002 and a Foreign Honorary Fellow of the American Academy of Arts & Sciences in 2008.
Lac-Matapédia is an unorganized territory in the Bas-Saint-Laurent region of Quebec, Canada. It is named after and located on the northern shores of Lake Matapedia in the Matapédia Valley.
Princess Sirindhorn Stadium () is a sports stadium in Si Racha, Chonburi Province, Thailand. The name of the stadium come from the name of Princess Sirindhorn, Princess Royal of Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the formerly home stadium of Sriracha FC and formerly of Chonburi FC. The stadium holds 8,000 people. The Stadium is located near the city centre, on the ground of the Assumption College Sriracha. The stadium has a running track, as do most of the stadiums in Thailand. It is fitted with floodlights, enabling evening matches to be played.
Shadow of the Cloak was a spy drama live television series broadcast on the now-defunct DuMont Television Network. Helmut Dantine played secret agent Peter House. John Gay wrote some of the 36 episodes.
Education in Israel is highly valued in the national culture with its historical values dating back to Ancient Israel and was viewed as one fundamental blocks of ancient Israelite life. Israeli culture views higher education as the key to higher mobility and socioeconomic status in Israeli society. The emphasis of education within Israeli society goes to the gulf within the Jewish diaspora from the Renaissance and Enlightenment Movement all the way to the roots of Zionism in the 1880s. Jewish communities in the Levant were the first to introduce compulsory education for which the organized community, not less than the parents, was responsible for the education of the next generation of Jews. With contemporary Jewish culture's strong emphasis, promotion of scholarship and learning and the strong propensity to promote cultivation of intellectual pursuits as well as the nations high university educational attainment rate exemplifies how highly Israeli society values higher education. The Israeli education system has been praised for various reasons, including its high quality and its major role in spurring Israel's economic development and technological boom. Many international business leaders and organizations such as Microsoft founder Bill Gates have praised Israel for its high quality of education in helping spur Israel's economic development. In 2012, the country ranked second among OECD countries (tied with Japan and after Canada) for the percentage of 25- to 64-year-olds that have attained tertiary education with 46 percent compared with the OECD average of 32 percent. In addition, nearly twice as many Israelis aged 55–64 held a higher education degree compared to other OECD countries, with 47 percent holding an academic degree compared with the OECD average of 25%. In 2012, the country ranked third in the world in the number of academic degrees per capita (20 percent of the population).
The BAE Systems Valanx was one of six competitors for a Joint Light Tactical Vehicle that will replace the Humvee. The Valanx featured lightweight advanced armour and a V shaped hull for crew protection. The Valanx was not selected for the Engineering and Manufacturing Development (EMD) phase of the program.
Houseman was born on September 22, 1902, in Bucharest, Romania, the son of May (née Davies) and Georges Haussmann, who ran a grain business. His mother was British, from a Christian family of Welsh and Irish descent. His father was an Alsatian-born Jew. He was educated in England at Clifton College, became a British subject, and worked in the grain trade in London before emigrating to the United States in 1925, where he took the stage name of John Houseman. He became a United States citizen in 1943.
In the humanities, one sense of culture, as an attribute of the individual, has been the degree to which they have cultivated a particular level of sophistication, in the arts, sciences, education, or manners. The level of cultural sophistication has also sometimes been seen to distinguish civilizations from less complex societies. Such hierarchical perspectives on culture are also found in class-based distinctions between a high culture of the social elite and a low culture, popular culture or folk culture of the lower classes, distinguished by the stratified access to cultural capital. In common parlance, culture is often used to refer specifically to the symbolic markers used by ethnic groups to distinguish themselves visibly from each other such as body modification, clothing or jewelry.[dubious – discuss] Mass culture refers to the mass-produced and mass mediated forms of consumer culture that emerged in the 20th century. Some schools of philosophy, such as Marxism and critical theory, have argued that culture is often used politically as a tool of the elites to manipulate the lower classes and create a false consciousness, such perspectives common in the discipline of cultural studies. In the wider social sciences, the theoretical perspective of cultural materialism holds that human symbolic culture arises from the material conditions of human life, as humans create the conditions for physical survival, and that the basis of culture is found in evolved biological dispositions.
The genus "Darwinius" was named in commemoration of the bicentenary of the birth of Charles Darwin, and the species name "masillae" honors Messel where the specimen was found. The creature appeared superficially similar to a modern lemur.
As of 29 December 2017, 19 episodes of Black Mirror have been released, including one special, concluding the fourth series. On 5 March 2018, Netflix ordered a fifth series of Black Mirror.
PyQt is a Python binding of the cross-platform GUI toolkit Qt, implemented as a Python plug-in. PyQt is free software developed by the British firm Riverbank Computing. It is available under similar terms to Qt versions older than 4.5; this means a variety of licenses including GNU General Public License (GPL) and commercial license, but not the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL). PyQt supports Microsoft Windows as well as various flavours of UNIX, including Linux and MacOS (or Darwin).
The beginning of the Shaka era is now widely equated to the ascension of king Chashtana in 78 CE. His inscriptions, dated to the years 11 and 52, have been found at Andhau in Kutch region. These years are interpreted as Shaka years 11 (89 CE) and 52 (130 CE).
NOAA-4, also known as ITOS-G was a weather satellite operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). It was part of a series of satellites called ITOS, or improved TIROS. NOAA-4 was launched on a Delta rocket on November 15, 1974. The launch carried two other satellites: AMSAT-OSCAR 7 and Intasat. It remained operational for 1463 days until it was deactivated by NOAA on November 18, 1978.
The Dedication of the Basilicas of the Apostles Peter and Paul is a feast day on the liturgical calendar of the Catholic Church, which is celebrated on 18 November.
What-a-Mess is a series of children's books written by British comedy writer Frank Muir and illustrated by Joseph Wright. The title character is a dishevelled (hence his nickname), accident-prone Afghan Hound puppy, whose real name is Prince Amir of Kinjan.
Chris Vitali (born 1974) is an American musician. Known for his flamboyant style of playing the bass guitar, Vitali has played in numerous bands in the New York City rock scene since 1990. Most notably, he was the bassist for New York City's prolific hard rock act Orange 9mm from 1995-1999. His other projects have included Hermaphrochrist, Burn, Head Assembly, and The Fuzz (not to be confused with the 1970s musical act The Fuzz).
After leaving Pink Floyd, Waters first performed ``Comfortably Numb ''at the 1990 concert staging of The Wall -- Live in Berlin on 21 July 1990. The event's purpose was to commemorate the fall of the Berlin Wall. Roger Waters sang lead, Van Morrison sang Gilmour's vocal parts backed by Rick Danko and Levon Helm of The Band, with guitar solos by Rick Di Fonzo and Snowy White, and backup by the Rundfunk Orchestra & Choir. This version was used in the Academy Award - winning 2006 film The Departed, directed by Martin Scorsese. It is also heard in the TV show episode of The Sopranos, titled`` Kennedy and Heidi'', when Christopher Moltisanti plays The Departed soundtrack on his car stereo before a serious accident. Van Morrison's 2007 compilation album, Van Morrison at the Movies -- Soundtrack Hits includes this version.
När hela världen ser på was released on 10 May 1998 and is an album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson. The album peaked at #37 at the Swedish album chart.
In February 1975, Margaret Thatcher was elected leader of the British Conservative Party. The Institute of Economic Affairs arranged a meeting between Hayek and Thatcher in London soon after. During Thatcher's only visit to the Conservative Research Department in the summer of 1975, a speaker had prepared a paper on why the "middle way" was the pragmatic path the Conservative Party should take, avoiding the extremes of left and right. Before he had finished, Thatcher "reached into her briefcase and took out a book. It was Hayek's The Constitution of Liberty. Interrupting our pragmatist, she held the book up for all of us to see. 'This', she said sternly, 'is what we believe', and banged Hayek down on the table".
Territory Cops is an Australian factual television show that looks at the work of the police in Northern Territory, Australia. This observational documentary series began on the Crime and Investigation Network, premiering on 11 October 2012.
Antonio Machín ("Antonio Abad Lugo Machín"; 11 February 1903, in Sagua la Grande, Cuba – 4 August 1977, in Madrid) was a Cuban singer and musician. His version of "El Manisero", recorded in New York, 1930, with Don Azpiazú's orchestra, was the first million record seller for a Cuban artist. Although this was labelled a rhumba, it was in reality a son pregón, namely, a song based on a street-seller's cry.
Initially sympathetic to Wieser's democratic socialism, Hayek's economic thinking shifted away from socialism and toward the classical liberalism of Carl Menger after reading von Mises' book Socialism. It was sometime after reading Socialism that Hayek began attending von Mises' private seminars, joining several of his university friends, including Fritz Machlup, Alfred Schutz, Felix Kaufmann, and Gottfried Haberler, who were also participating in Hayek's own, more general, private seminar. It was during this time that he also encountered and befriended noted political philosopher Eric Voegelin, with whom he retained a long-standing relationship.
Princess Margaret of Prussia (Margarete Beatrice Feodora; 22 April 1872 – 22 January 1954) was a daughter of Frederick III, German Emperor and Victoria, Princess Royal, and the younger sister of Emperor Wilhelm II and a granddaughter of Queen Victoria. She married Prince Frederick Charles of Hesse, the elected King of Finland, making her the would-be Queen of Finland had he not decided to reject the throne. In 1926 they assumed the titles of Landgrave and Landgravine of Hesse. She lost three sons in World Wars I and II.
Australia Oceania Austral / South First Sunday October First Sunday April Main article: Daylight saving time in Australia DST used only in Australian Capital Territory, Jervis Bay Territory, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, South Australia and Lord Howe Island.
In 1924, Roxie Hart sees star Velma Kelly perform (``All That Jazz '') at a Chicago theater. Wanting stardom for herself, she begins an affair with Fred Casely, who claims to know the manager. After the show, Velma is arrested for killing her husband Charlie and sister Veronica, who were in bed together.
The 1923 FA Cup Final was an association football match between Bolton Wanderers and West Ham United on 28 April 1923 at the original Wembley Stadium in London. The showpiece match of English football's primary cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (better known as the FA Cup), it was the first football match to be played at Wembley Stadium. King George V was in attendance to present the trophy to the winning team.
Ibn Abbad al-Rundi (in full, Abu 'abd Allah Muhammad Ibn Abi Ishaq Ibrahim An-nafzi Al-himyari Ar-rundi) (1333–1390) was one of the leading Sufi theologians of his time who was born in Ronda. Attracted to Morocco by the famous madrasahs, Ibn Abbad emigrated there at an early age. He spent most of his life in Morocco, living in different cities (Salé, Marrakesh, Fes...), and was buried in Bab al-Futuh (south-eastern gate) cemetery in Fes.
Coincidentally, both John Adams and Thomas Jefferson, the only signers of the Declaration of Independence later to serve as Presidents of the United States, died on the same day: July 4, 1826, which was the 50th anniversary of the Declaration. Although not a signer of the Declaration of Independence, James Monroe, another Founding Father who was elected as President, also died on July 4, 1831. He was the third President in a row who died on the anniversary of independence. Calvin Coolidge, the 30th President, was born on July 4, 1872; so far he is the only U.S. President to have been born on Independence Day.
The Story is the second album by folk rock singer Brandi Carlile, and was released on April 3, 2007. The album peaked at #58 in the "Billboard" 200 on May 5, 2007.
The members of the city council are each elected from single member districts within the city. The mayor and city attorney are elected directly by the voters of the entire city. The mayor, city attorney, and council members are elected to four-year terms, with a two-term limit. Elections are held on a non-partisan basis per California state law; nevertheless, most officeholders do identify themselves as either Democrats or Republicans. In 2007, registered Democrats outnumbered Republicans by about 7 to 6 in the city, and Democrats currently (as of 2015[update]) hold a 5-4 majority in the city council. The current mayor, Kevin Faulconer, is a Republican.
The Pennsylvania State University (commonly referred to as Penn State or PSU) is a state - related, land - grant, doctoral university with campuses and facilities throughout Pennsylvania. Founded in 1855, the university has a stated threefold mission of teaching, research, and public service. Its instructional mission includes undergraduate, graduate, professional and continuing education offered through resident instruction and online delivery. Its University Park campus, the flagship campus, lies within the Borough of State College and College Township. It has two law schools: Penn State Law, on the school's University Park campus, and Dickinson Law, located in Carlisle, 90 miles south of State College. The College of Medicine is located in Hershey. Penn State has another 19 commonwealth campuses and 5 special mission campuses located across the state. Penn State has been labeled one of the ``Public Ivies, ''a publicly funded university considered as providing a quality of education comparable to those of the Ivy League.
The British Moment is a term, first used by The Henry Jackson Society, to describe the alleged growth of British global influence in recent years.
The Han-era family was patrilineal and typically had four to five nuclear family members living in one household. Multiple generations of extended family members did not occupy the same house, unlike families of later dynasties. According to Confucian family norms, various family members were treated with different levels of respect and intimacy. For example, there were different accepted time frames for mourning the death of a father versus a paternal uncle. Arranged marriages were normal, with the father's input on his offspring's spouse being considered more important than the mother's. Monogamous marriages were also normal, although nobles and high officials were wealthy enough to afford and support concubines as additional lovers. Under certain conditions dictated by custom, not law, both men and women were able to divorce their spouses and remarry.
Benjamin Franklin Hunt (November 10, 1888 – September 27, 1927) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Red Sox () and St. Louis Cardinals (). Listed at , 190 lb., Hunt batted and threw left-handed. He was born in Eufaula, Oklahoma.
He was the youngest of five children of Carl Friedrich Leopold von Gerlach (1757–1813), first Lord Mayor of Berlin, and Agnes von Raumer (1795–1877), and brother of Ernst Ludwig von Gerlach (1795–1877) and Ludwig Friedrich Leopold von Gerlach (1790–1861).
William Randolph II (November 1681October 19, 1741), also known as William Randolph Jr. or Councillor Randolph, was an American planter and politician. He was the Treasurer of Virginia and the oldest child of William Randolph and Mary Isham.
Bacarra Church is a Roman Catholic church located in the municipality of Bacarra, Ilocos Norte, Philippines under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Laoag. The church was founded by the Augustinians, who dedicated it to St. Andrew.
Nine U.S. states do not level a broad - based individual income tax. Some of these do tax certain forms of personal income:
The Indus Valley Civilisation is also named the Harappan civilisation after Harappa, the first of its sites to be excavated in the 1920s, in what was then the Punjab province of British India. The discovery of Harappa, and soon afterwards Mohenjo - daro, was the culmination of work beginning in 1861 with the founding of the Archaeological Survey of India in the British Raj. Excavation of Harappan sites has been ongoing since 1920, with important breakthroughs occurring as recently as 1999. This Harappan civilisation is sometimes called the Mature Harappan culture to distinguish it from the cultures immediately preceding and following it. Of these, the earlier is often called the Early Harappan culture, while the later one may be referred to as the Late Harappan, both of which existed in the same area as the Mature Harappan Civilisation. The early Harappan cultures were preceded by local Neolithic agricultural villages, from which the river plains were populated. A total of 1,022 cities and settlements had been found by 2008, mainly in the general region of the Indus and Ghaggar - Hakra Rivers, and their tributaries; of which 406 sites are in Pakistan and 616 sites in India; of these 96 have been excavated. Among the settlements were the major urban centres of Harappa, Mohenjo - daro (UNESCO World Heritage Site), Dholavira, Ganeriwala and Rakhigarhi.
Joe Ah Chan ("Chan Hock Joe") (1882–14 December 1959) was a New Zealand greengrocer, horticulturist and wine-maker. He was born in Guangdong Province, China on 1882.
Alfred Viola (June 16, 1919 – February 21, 2007) was an American jazz guitarist who worked with Frank Sinatra for 25 years and also played the mandolin on the soundtrack of the film "The Godfather."
KNCH (90.1 FM) is the National Public Radio station for the Concho Valley of west-central Texas. Licensed to San Angelo, it is owned by Texas Tech University and operated out of Texas Tech's campus in Lubbock. However, it is branded as a separate station.
There are a number of radio news agencies based in Somalia. Established during the colonial period, Radio Mogadishu initially broadcast news items in both Somali and Italian. The station was modernized with Russian assistance following independence in 1960, and began offering home service in Somali, Amharic and Oromo. After closing down operations in the early 1990s due to the civil war, the station was officially re-opened in the early 2000s by the Transitional National Government. In the late 2000s, Radio Mogadishu also launched a complementary website of the same name, with news items in Somali, Arabic and English.
KRSU (88.5 FM) is a radio station licensed to Appleton, Minnesota. The station is owned by Minnesota Public Radio (MPR), and airs MPR's "Classical Music Network", originating from KSJN in Minneapolis/St. Paul.
Lacoochee is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pasco County, Florida, United States. The population was 1,345 at the 2000 census.
The East China Sea Air Defense Identification Zone (abbreviated ADIZ) is an Air Defense Identification Zone covering most of the East China Sea where the People's Republic of China announced that it was introducing new air traffic restrictions in November 2013. The area consists of the airspace from about, and including, the Japanese controlled Senkaku Islands (which are known as the Diaoyu Islands in mainland China and are claimed by mainland China as well as Taiwan) north to South Korean-claimed Socotra Rock (known as Suyan Jiao in China). About half of the area overlaps with a Japanese ADIZ, while also overlapping to a small extent with the South Korean and Taiwanese ADIZ. When introduced the Chinese initiative was controversial as requirements were imposed that other countries with air defense identification zones do not impose and it included contested maritime areas. Critics said the move escalated the Senkaku Islands dispute between China and Japan.
The Zhongshan Bridge was the first permanent bridge over the Yellow River. The bridge located in Lanzhou, Gansu. Construction of the bridge began in 1907 and the bridge was completed in 1909.
The Constitution also gives Congress an important role in national defense, including the exclusive power to declare war, to raise and maintain the armed forces, and to make rules for the military. Some critics charge that the executive branch has usurped Congress's Constitutionally - defined task of declaring war. While historically presidents initiated the process for going to war, they asked for and received formal war declarations from Congress for the War of 1812, the Mexican -- American War, the Spanish -- American War, World War I, and World War II, although President Theodore Roosevelt's military move into Panama in 1903 did not get Congressional assent. Presidents have initiated war without Congressional war declarations; Truman called the Korean War a ``police action ''and the Vietnam War lasted over a decade without a declaration of war. In 1970, Time magazine noted:`` All told, it has been calculated, U.S. presidents have ordered troops into position or action without a formal congressional declaration a total of 149 times'' before 1970. In 1993, one writer noted ``Congress's war power has become the most flagrantly disregarded provision in the Constitution, ''and that the`` real erosion (of Congressional authority to declare war) began after World War II.'' President George H.W. Bush claimed he could begin Operation Desert Storm and launch a ``deliberate, unhurried, post -- Cold War decision to start a war ''without Congressional approval. Critics charge that President George W. Bush largely initiated the Iraq War with little debate in Congress or consultation with Congress, despite a Congressional vote on military force authorization. Disagreement about the extent of congressional versus presidential power regarding war has been present periodically throughout the nation's history.
John Alexander Smith (21 April 1863 – 19 December 1939) was a British idealist philosopher, who was the Jowett Lecturer of philosophy at Balliol College, Oxford from 1896 to 1910, and Waynflete Professor of Moral and Metaphysical Philosophy, carrying a Fellowship at Magdalen College in the same university, from 1910 to 1936. He was born in Dingwall and died in Oxford.
The team played its first games in 1876 as a founding member of the National League (NL), eventually becoming known officially as the Chicago Cubs for the 1903 season. Officially, the Cubs are tied for the distinction of being the oldest currently active U.S. professional sports club, along with the Atlanta Braves, which also began play in the NL in 1876 as the Boston Red Stockings (Major League Baseball does not officially recognize the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players as a major league.)
Michèle San Vicente-Baudrin (born 19 May 1955) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Pas-de-Calais department. She is a member of the Socialist Party.
Frank Sinatra Sings the Select Johnny Mercer is a 1995 compilation album by Frank Sinatra, that has him singing the songs written by Johnny Mercer.
Tristan von Lahnstein is a fictional character of the German soap opera "Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love)". The character is played by actor Jens Hartwig. He first appeared on 23 October 2009.
Before the modern era, it was divided into four distinct regions: Hejaz (Tihamah), Najd (Al - Yamama), Southern Arabia (Hadhramaut) and Eastern Arabia. Hejaz and Najd make up most of Saudi Arabia. Southern Arabia consists of Yemen and some parts of Saudi Arabia (Najran, Jizan, Asir) and Oman (Dhofar). Eastern Arabia consists of the entire coastal strip of the Persian Gulf.
They began the season on April 4, 2016 at the Los Angeles Angels and finished the regular season on October 2, 2016 at the Cincinnati Reds. The Cubs finished with the best record in Major League Baseball and won their first National League Central title since the 2008 season, winning by 171⁄2 games. The team also reached the 100 - win mark for the first time since 1935 and won 103 total games, the most wins for the franchise since 1910.
Old Fort Providence, located near the mouth of Yellowknife Bay, Northwest Territories, Canada, was one of the first fur trading outposts on Great Slave Lake. Peter Pond of the North West Company first proposed trading with the Dene around Great Slave Lake in 1786. In 1789, Alexander Mackenzie initiated a period of trade with the Yellowknives and Tłı̨chǫ (formerly known as Dogrib) Dene and instructed his assistant, Laurent Leroux, to start a trading post in this area. The post was not a major centre for fur trading and was used primarily as a supply centre for other, more important trading posts or expeditions. It served, for example, as a base of supply for Sir John Franklin's Coppermine expedition towards the Arctic Ocean in 1820. It was located within a productive fishery used for generations by the Dene around Yellowknife Bay and helped supply meat and fish for traders at Great Slave Lake. The Hudson's Bay Company took over the post in 1821 after the demise of the North West Company, but the settlement was in decline and it closed in 1823. The buildings have long since decayed but the ruins were excavated in 1969-1971.
The armed forces have three branches: Navy, Army and Air Force. They serve primarily as a self-defense force whose mission is to protect the territorial integrity of the country and provide humanitarian assistance and security at home and abroad. As of 2008, the three branches numbered 39,200 active personnel including 7,500 women. Portuguese military expenditure in 2009 was $5.2 billion, representing 2.1 percent of GDP. Military conscription was abolished in 2004. The minimum age for voluntary recruitment is 18 years.
Film U.S. release date Director (s) Screenwriter (s) Story by Producer (s) The Lego Movie February 7, 2014 (2014 - 02 - 07) Phil Lord & Christopher Miller Dan Hageman, Kevin Hageman, Phil Lord & Christopher Miller Dan Lin and Roy Lee The Lego Batman Movie February 10, 2017 (2017 - 02 - 10) Chris McKay Seth Grahame - Smith, Chris McKenna, Erik Sommers, Jared Stern & John Whittington Seth Grahame - Smith Dan Lin, Phil Lord, Christopher Miller and Roy Lee The Lego Ninjago Movie September 22, 2017 (2017 - 09 - 22) Charlie Bean, Paul Fisher & Bob Logan Bob Logan, Paul Fisher, William Wheeler, Tom Wheeler, Jared Stern & John Whittington Hilary Winston, Bob Logan, Paul Fisher, William Wheeler, Tom Wheeler, Dan Hageman & Kevin Hageman Dan Lin, Phil Lord, Christopher Miller, Chris McKay, Maryann Garger and Roy Lee The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part February 8, 2019 (2019 - 02 - 08) Mike Mitchell, Trisha Gum (co-director) Phil Lord, Christopher Miller, & Michelle Morgan Phil Lord & Christopher Miller Dan Lin, Phil Lord, Christopher Miller & Roy Lee The Billion Brick Race 2019 TBA Jason Segel & Jorge Gutierrez Drew Pearce
The Confederate States Secretary of State was the head of the Confederate States State Department from 1861 to 1865 during the American Civil War. There were three people who served the position in this time. The department crumbled with the Confederate States of America in May 1865, marking the end of the war.
DXAQ (1404 kHz Davao City) Kingdom Radio was a flagship AM station of ACQ-Kingdom Broadcasting Network in the Philippines. The station's studio is located along Philippine-Japan Friendship Highway, Catitipan in Davao City.
Katharina von Bora (; 29 January 1499 – 20 December 1552), after her wedding Katharina Luther, also referred to as "die Lutherin" ("the Lutheress"), was the wife of Martin Luther, German reformer and a seminal figure of the Protestant Reformation. Beyond what is found in the writings of Luther and some of his contemporaries, little is known about her. Despite this, Katharina is often considered one of the most important participants in the Reformation because of her role in helping to define Protestant family life and setting the tone for clergy marriages.
The Embassy of the Philippines in Bandar Seri Begawan is the diplomatic mission of the Republic of the Philippines to the Sultanate of Brunei. Opened in 1984 after Brunei gained independence from the United Kingdom, it is currently located in the Diplomatic Enclave of Bandar Seri Begawan, behind the offices of the country's Ministry of Culture, Youth and Sports.
The US Federal Reserve belatedly implemented policies similar to the current quantitative easing during the Great Depression of the 1930s. Specifically, banks' excess reserves exceeded 6 percent in 1940, whereas they vanished during the entire postwar period until 2008. Despite this fact, many commentators called the scope of the Federal Reserve quantitative easing program after the 2008 crisis ``unprecedented ''.
Saulkrasti Municipality () is a municipality in Vidzeme, Latvia. The municipality was formed in 2009 by reorganization of Saulkrasti town with its countryside territory, with the administrative centre being Saulkrasti. In 2010 Saulkrasti parish was created from the countryside territory of Saulkrasti town.
The Tacoma Public Library system serves residents of Tacoma, Washington. It operates eight library branches, which include a central library in downtown Tacoma, two regional locations in north and south Tacoma, and five neighborhood branch locations. Tacoma Public Library has nearly 150,000 registered users, and over 2 million items in circulation. Tacoma Public Library serves a population of 198,100 people.
There were a number of avenues to upward social mobility and the achievement of nobility. Poland's nobility was not a rigidly exclusive, closed class. Many low-born individuals, including townsfolk, peasants and Jews, could and did rise to official ennoblement in Polish society. Each szlachcic had enormous influence over the country's politics, in some ways even greater than that enjoyed by the citizens of modern democratic countries. Between 1652 and 1791, any nobleman could nullify all the proceedings of a given sejm (Commonwealth parliament) or sejmik (Commonwealth local parliament) by exercising his individual right of liberum veto (Latin for "I do not allow"), except in the case of a confederated sejm or confederated sejmik.
Diego Armando Maradona Sinagra (born 20 September 1986) is an Italian footballer and beach soccer player, who plays for A.S.D San Giorgio in Italy. He is the son of Argentine national footballer Diego Maradona.
At the Village Vanguard (subtitled You Took the Words Right Out of My Heart) is a live album by jazz drummer Paul Motian recorded at the Village Vanguard and originally released on the German JMT label. Recorded in 1995 it features performances by Motian with Bill Frisell and Joe Lovano. The album was rereleased on the Winter & Winter label in 2005.
With the significant problems considered as solved, the Board of Longitude was abolished by Act of Parliament in 1828 and replaced by a Resident Committee for Scientific Advice for the Admiralty consisting of three scientific advisors: Thomas Young, Michael Faraday and Edward Sabine.
Bihar Province was a province of British India, created in 1936 by the partition of the Bihar and Orissa Province.
2030: The Real Story of What Happens to America is the first novel by American actor and comedian Albert Brooks.
Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire Romanorum Imperator Imperial Double - headed Reichsadler used by the Habsburg emperors of the early modern period Last in Office Francis II 5 July 1792 -- 6 August 1806 Details Style His Imperial Majesty First monarch Charlemagne Last monarch Francis II Formation 25 December 800 Abolition 6 August 1806 Appointer see Coronation of the Holy Roman Emperor
On Dangerous Ground is a 1915 American silent short film directed by Lucius Henderson. William Garwood stars with Violet Mersereau.
Currently, the Bureau of Prisons is headed by Hugh Hurwitz, who is the current acting director. Mark S. Inch held the post from September 2017 until May 2018.
Kornsjø is a village in Enningdalen in Halden, Norway on the border to Sweden. The village has 250 residents (2001). At Kornsjø is the border crossing for the railway lines the Østfold Line (Norway) and the Norway/Vänern Line (Sweden). Previously change of crew was performed at Kornsjø Station, but this has since been closed.
Dubois (also spelled DuBois or Du Bois, from the French "of the woods/forest") is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
In April 2010, Shell announced its intention to divest from downstream business of all African countries except South Africa and Egypt to Vitol and "Helios". In several countries such as Tunisia, protests and strikes broke out. Shell denied rumours of the sellout. Shell continues however upstream activities/extracting crude oil in the oil-rich Niger Delta as well as downstream/commercial activities in South Africa. In June 2013, the company announced a strategic review of its operations in Nigeria, hinting that assets could be divested. In August 2014, the company disclosed it was in the process of finalizing the sale of its interests in four Nigerian oil fields.
Coming Home Jamaica is a 1998 album by the Art Ensemble of Chicago originally released on the Atlantic label and reissued in 2002 on the Dreyfus label. It features performances by Lester Bowie, Roscoe Mitchell, Malachi Favors Maghostut and Don Moye with Bahnamous Lee Bowie guesting on one track.
Barbara Wootton, Baroness Wootton of Abinger CH (14 April 1897 – 11 July 1988) was a British sociologist and criminologist. She was one of the first four life peers appointed under the Life Peerages Act 1958. She was President of the British Sociological Association from 1959 to 1964.
A Modern Jazz Symposium of Music and Poetry is an album by jazz bassist Charles Mingus. In spite of the title, the album does not contain any poetry. "Scenes in the City", however, includes narration performed by Mel Stewart and written by actor Lonne Elder with assistance from Langston Hughes. The composition "Duke's Choice" re-appears, in updated form, as "I X Love" on the 1963 album "Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus". "Nouroog", "Duke's Choice" and "Slippers" form the basis of the suite "Open Letter to Duke" on "Mingus Ah Um".
"De Stijl" is also the name of a journal that was published by the Dutch painter, designer, writer, and critic Theo van Doesburg that served to propagate the group's theories. Along with van Doesburg, the group's principal members were the painters Piet Mondrian, Vilmos Huszár, Bart van der Leck, and the architects Gerrit Rietveld, Robert van 't Hoff, and J. J. P. Oud. The artistic philosophy that formed a basis for the group's work is known as "Neoplasticism"—the new plastic art (or "Nieuwe Beelding" in Dutch).
Addison Transit Center is a bus-only station located along Quorum Drive and Addison Road in Addison, Texas (USA). The station opened in 1999. This transit center will become a future rail station on the Silver Line as part of DART's 2030 Transit System Plan.
According to the Office for National Statistics, at the 2001 census there were over a million black people in the United Kingdom; 1% of the total population described themselves as "Black Caribbean", 0.8% as "Black African", and 0.2% as "Black other". Britain encouraged the immigration of workers from the Caribbean after World War II; the first symbolic movement was those who came on the ship the Empire Windrush. The preferred official umbrella term is "black and minority ethnic" (BME), but sometimes the term "black" is used on its own, to express unified opposition to racism, as in the Southall Black Sisters, which started with a mainly British Asian constituency, and the National Black Police Association, which has a membership of "African, African-Caribbean and Asian origin".
The Dick Grayson version of Robin made his first appearance during the first season of Batman: The Animated Series (1992 -- 1995), voiced by Loren Lester. He only made occasional appearances due to Bruce Timm's insistence that Batman worked best as a solo hero as already proven in the first two Burton films. The second season was known as The Adventures of Batman and Robin, as per orders of the Warner Bros. executives who wished for more frequent appearances of Robin to be made throughout the season. The Robin costume is identical to Tim Drake's Robin costume from the comics.
Songs That Made Country Girls Famous is astudio album by Lynn Anderson released in 1969. The album became Anderson's second top ten LP on "Billboard's" Top Country Albums chart, peaking at #9.
Land's End to John o 'Groats is the traversal of the whole length of the island of Great Britain between two extremities; in the southwest and northeast. The traditional distance by road is 874 miles (1,407 km) and takes most cyclists 10 to 14 days; the record for running the route is nine days. Off - road walkers typically walk about 1,200 miles (1,900 km) and take two or three months for the expedition. Two much - photographed signposts indicate the traditional distance at each end.
Cyprus Popular Bank (from 2006 to 2011 known as Marfin Popular Bank) was the second largest banking group in Cyprus behind the Bank of Cyprus until it was 'shuttered' in March 2013 and split into two parts. The 'good' Cypriot part was merged into the Bank of Cyprus (including insured deposits under 100,000 Euro) and the 'bad' part or legacy entity holds all the overseas operations as well as uninsured deposits above 100,000 Euro, old shares and bonds. The uninsured depositors were subject to a bail-in and became the new shareholders of the legacy entity. As at May 2017, the legacy entity is one of the largest shareholders of Bank of Cyprus with 4.8% but does not hold a board seat. All the overseas operations, of the now defunct Cyprus Popular Bank, are also held by the legacy entity, until they are sold by the Special Administrator, at first Ms Andri Antoniadou, who ran the legacy entity for two years, from March 2013 until 3 March 2015. She tendered her resignation due to disagreements, with the Governor of the Central Bank of Cyprus and the Central Bank Board members, who amended the lawyers of the legacy entity, without consulting her. Veteran banker Chris Pavlou who is an expert in Treasury and risk management took over as Special Administrator of the legacy entity in April 2015 until December 2016. The legacy entity is pursuing legal action against former major shareholder Marfin Investment Group.
The biggest news of the 1984 season was that John Mecom, the owner of the team for almost 20 years, was putting them up for sale. Speculation was rife that a new owner might move the Saints out of New Orleans, namely Jacksonville, Florida. But on May 31, 1985, negotiations were finalized to sell the team to Tom Benson, a native New Orleanian who owned numerous car dealerships throughout the New Orleans area. The team's future in New Orleans was safe for the time being.
Drew Carey is a fictionalized version of himself, a self - proclaimed ``everyman ''. Drew Carey (the actor) has been quoted as saying his character is what the actor would have been if he had not become an actor. He has a`` gang'' of friends who embark with him on his everyday trials and tribulations. Drew's friends include erudite but unambitious Lewis (Ryan Stiles), excitable dimwitted Oswald (Diedrich Bader) and his friend (later on - off girlfriend) Kate (Christa Miller). In the final two seasons, Kate gets married and moves to Guam, in the same two - part episode that introduces and develops Drew's relationship with Kellie (Cynthia Watros), which carries on over the final two seasons.
Hevel Eilot Regional Council (, "Mo'atza Azorit Hevel Eilot") is a regional council in the Southern District of Israel, near the city of Eilat. It is the southernmost regional council in Israel.
The New York Power was an American professional soccer team that played in the Women's United Soccer Association (WUSA), the first professional soccer league for women in the United States. The team played at Mitchel Athletic Complex in Uniondale, New York. The team played from 2001 to 2003 when the league ceased operations.
Brit Air (short for Brittany Air International) is a regional airline based at Morlaix Airport in Ploujean, Morlaix, Brittany, France, operating scheduled services as an Air France franchise from Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport, Paris-Orly Airport and Paris-Charles de Gaulle Airport.
Born in Odessa, then part of the Russian Empire, Gerschenkron fled the country during the Russian Civil War in 1920 to Austria, where he attended the University of Vienna, earning a doctorate in 1928. After the Anschluss in 1938, he emigrated to the United States.
The daughter of the Australians Bill and Deborah Kellaway, she is the older sister of the journalist Lucy Kellaway. Both siblings were educated at the Camden School for Girls, where their mother was a teacher, and at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford, where Kate Kellaway read English.
Chaya Mushka Schneersohn was the daughter of Rabbi Dovber Schneuri, the second Rebbe of the Chabad Hasidic movement, and the wife of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn the third Rebbe.
Lumapas is a mukim in the Brunei-Muara district of Brunei. It is located in the south of the Brunei-Muara district, bordering the water village mukims and Mukim Kianggeh to the north, Mukim Kota Batu and Pulau Berambang (Kota Batu) to the north and east, Limbang, Sarawak (Malaysia) to the east and south, Mukim Pengkalan Batu to the west and Mukim Kilanas to the west and north.
The AMC Gremlin (also American Motors Gremlin) is an American subcompact automobile introduced in 1970, manufactured and marketed in a single, two-door body style in America (1970-1978) by American Motors Corporation (AMC) — as well as in Mexico (1974-1978) by AMC's Vehículos Automotores Mexicanos (VAM) subsidiary.
In 2014 a new play, "The Beautiful Cosmos of Ivor Cutler", a co-production by Vanishing Point and National Theatre of Scotland, was performed.
Until the death of Sigismund II Augustus, the last king of the Jagiellonian dynasty, monarchs could be elected from within only the royal family. However, starting from 1573, practically any Polish noble or foreigner of royal blood could become a Polish–Lithuanian monarch. Every newly elected king was supposed to sign two documents—the Pacta conventa ("agreed pacts")—a confirmation of the king's pre-election promises, and Henrican articles (artykuły henrykowskie, named after the first freely elected king, Henry of Valois). The latter document served as a virtual Polish constitution and contained the basic laws of the Commonwealth:
Pointless Nostalgic is Jamie Cullum's second album but his first major release on a record label. It was released in 2002 through Candid Records. It was recorded at Clowns Pocket Recording Studio, Bexley, Kent by Derek Nash who also co produced the CD.
One of the oldest depictions of civil disobedience is in Sophocles' play Antigone, in which Antigone, one of the daughters of former King of Thebes, Oedipus, defies Creon, the current King of Thebes, who is trying to stop her from giving her brother Polynices a proper burial. She gives a stirring speech in which she tells him that she must obey her conscience rather than human law. She is not at all afraid of the death he threatens her with (and eventually carries out), but she is afraid of how her conscience will smite her if she does not do this.
On June 5, 2015, it was announced that Eugenio Derbez and Benjamin Odell's Santa Monica - based production shingle 3Pas Studios and Televisa / Lionsgate joint venture Pantelion Films had bought an untitled original comedy script from Chris Spain and Jon Zack, with Lionsgate releasing under its first look deal. On October 26, 2015, Ken Marino was attached to direct the film, starring Derbez. On April 28, 2016, Rob Lowe, Kristen Bell, Raquel Welch and Rob Riggle joined the film's cast along with others including Renée Taylor, Rob Huebel, Michaela Watkins and Linda Lavin. On May 11, 2016, Mckenna Grace joined the cast.
Chocolate Factory is the fifth solo album by American recording artist R. Kelly, released on February 18, 2003 by Jive Records. Recording sessions took place mainly at Rockland Studios and Chicago Recording Company in Chicago, Illinois, and the album was primarily written, arranged, and produced by R. Kelly. "Chocolate Factory" was conceived by Kelly amid controversy over his sex scandal at the time.
The game was the first played by a Notre Dame football team, and the Michigan team was credited with teaching the Notre Dame team the game before play began. The Notre Dame student newspaper, Scholastic, reported: ``It was not considered a match contest, as the home team had been organized only a few weeks, and the Michigan boys, the champions of the West, came more to instruct them in the points of the Rugby game than to win fresh laurels. ''The proceedings began with a tutorial session in which players from both teams were divided irrespective of college. For the first 30 minutes, the teams scrimmaged in a practice game with Michigan`` exchanging six men for the same number from Notre Dame.''
Norfolk Island is the only non-mainland Australian territory to have achieved self-governance. The Norfolk Island Act 1979, passed by the Parliament of Australia in 1979, is the Act under which the island was governed until the passing of the Norfolk Island Legislation Amendment Act 2015. The Australian government maintains authority on the island through an Administrator, currently Gary Hardgrave. From 1979 to 2015, a Legislative Assembly was elected by popular vote for terms of not more than three years, although legislation passed by the Australian Parliament could extend its laws to the territory at will, including the power to override any laws made by the assembly.
Sean O'Brien Cota (born June 27, 1963) is an American businessman, energy market expert, financial commentator, and policy advisor on American energy and financial market transparency and reform measures. As the President of a third generation family-owned oil company, Cota & Cota Oil, Inc. in Bellows Falls, VT, whom he has worked for since 1977, he became extremely involved in energy commodity trading in 1988. In 2010, he was named Chairman of the Petroleum Marketers Association of America.
Gal Gadot - Varsano (Hebrew: גל גדות ‎ ‎, pronounced (ˈɡal ɡaˈdot); born April 30, 1985) is an Israeli actress and model. Gadot is primarily known for her role as Wonder Woman in the DC Extended Universe. She started with Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice (2016), continued again in 2017 as the lead in Wonder Woman, and will reprise the role in Justice League.
Following an eighth-place finish in the 1969–70 season and a poor start to the 1970–71 season, Busby was persuaded to temporarily resume managerial duties, and McGuinness returned to his position as reserve team coach. In June 1971, Frank O'Farrell was appointed as manager, but lasted less than 18 months before being replaced by Tommy Docherty in December 1972. Docherty saved Manchester United from relegation that season, only to see them relegated in 1974; by that time the trio of Best, Law, and Charlton had left the club. The team won promotion at the first attempt and reached the FA Cup final in 1976, but were beaten by Southampton. They reached the final again in 1977, beating Liverpool 2–1. Docherty was dismissed shortly afterwards, following the revelation of his affair with the club physiotherapist's wife.Dave Sexton replaced Docherty as manager in the summer of 1977. Despite major signings, including Joe Jordan, Gordon McQueen, Gary Bailey, and Ray Wilkins, the team failed to achieve any significant results; they finished in the top two in 1979–80 and lost to Arsenal in the 1979 FA Cup Final. Sexton was dismissed in 1981, even though the team won the last seven games under his direction. He was replaced by Ron Atkinson, who immediately broke the British record transfer fee to sign Bryan Robson from West Bromwich Albion. Under Atkinson, Manchester United won the FA Cup twice in three years – in 1983 and 1985. In 1985–86, after 13 wins and two draws in its first 15 matches, the club was favourite to win the league, but finished in fourth place. The following season, with the club in danger of relegation by November, Atkinson was dismissed.
Aurel Braun is Professor of International Relations and Political Science at the University of Toronto. He is also a senior member of the Centre for Eurasian, Russian and East European Studies and of the Centre for International Studies, and a Fellow and Senator of Trinity College at the University of Toronto. Braun has twice been appointed a Visiting Scholar at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University. Braun received his Ph.D. in international relations from the London School of Economics (London, England). He is a Canadian citizen.
By the 4th century, the Book of Enoch was mostly excluded from Christian canons, and it is now regarded as scripture by only the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church and the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church.
According to a 2011 Pew Research Center survey, there were 2.2 billion Christians around the world in 2010, up from about 600 million in 1910. By 2050, the Christian population is expected to exceed 3 billion. According to a 2012 Pew Research Center survey Christianity will remain the world's largest religion in 2050, if current trends continue.
Process Explorer is a freeware task manager and system monitor for Microsoft Windows created by SysInternals, which has been acquired by Microsoft and re-branded as Windows Sysinternals. It provides the functionality of Windows Task Manager along with a rich set of features for collecting information about processes running on the user's system. It can be used as the first step in debugging software or system problems.
Die Feiertage Israels, Die jüdischen Feiertage in er Sicht der Tradition (Herchen Verlag, Frankfurt am Main, vol. I, 1993, p. 556, vol. II, 1994, p. 557)
Murder by Contract is a 1958 American film noir crime film directed by Irving Lerner. Academy Award-nominated screenwriter Ben Maddow did uncredited work on the film. Centering on an existentialist hit man assigned to kill a woman, the film is often praised for its spare style and peculiar sense of cool.
Andris Ameriks (born March 5, 1961 in Jūrmala, Soviet Union) is a Latvian politician, economist and former deputy mayor of Riga.
The Malagasy language is of Malayo-Polynesian origin and is generally spoken throughout the island. The numerous dialects of Malagasy, which are generally mutually intelligible, can be clustered under one of two subgroups: eastern Malagasy, spoken along the eastern forests and highlands including the Merina dialect of Antananarivo, and western Malagasy, spoken across the western coastal plains. French became the official language during the colonial period, when Madagascar came under the authority of France. In the first national Constitution of 1958, Malagasy and French were named the official languages of the Malagasy Republic. Madagascar is a francophone country, and French is mostly spoken as a second language among the educated population and used for international communication.No official languages were recorded in the Constitution of 1992, although Malagasy was identified as the national language. Nonetheless, many sources still claimed that Malagasy and French were official languages, eventually leading a citizen to initiate a legal case against the state in April 2000, on the grounds that the publication of official documents only in the French language was unconstitutional. The High Constitutional Court observed in its decision that, in the absence of a language law, French still had the character of an official language.In the Constitution of 2007, Malagasy remained the national language while official languages were reintroduced: Malagasy, French, and English. English was removed as an official language from the constitution approved by voters in the November 2010 referendum. The outcome of the referendum, and its consequences for official and national language policy, are not recognized by the political opposition, who cite lack of transparency and inclusiveness in the way the election was organized by the High Transitional Authority.
The eleventh season of the American television sitcom The Big Bang Theory premiered on CBS on Monday, September 25, 2017. It returned to its regular Thursday time slot on November 2, 2017, after Thursday Night Football on CBS ended. The season concluded on May 10, 2018.
Roger Dennistoun "Dennis" Poore (19 August 1916, Paddington, London – 12 February 1987, Kensington ) was a British entrepreneur, financier and sometime racing driver. He became chairman of NVT during the dying days of the old British motorcycle industry.
The Museum of the Moscow Railway is situated next to Paveletsky Rail Terminal in Moscow. The museum reopened to private visitors in 2011 and it reopened to the general public in January 2012.
The Georgia State Defense Force (GSDF, GASDF, or SDF) is an unpaid, volunteer component of the Georgia Department of Defense, serving in support of the national and state constitutions under direction of the governor and the adjutant general of Georgia. As a State Defense Force, members serve alongside the Georgia Army National Guard and the Georgia Air National Guard.
The Funny Side is an American sketch comedy program that aired on NBC as part of its 1971 fall lineup.
The Eden Creek, a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment, is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales, Australia.
Johan Ludvig Heiberg (14 December 1791 – 25 August 1860), Danish poet, playwright, literary critic, literary historian son of the political writer Peter Andreas Heiberg (1758–1841), and of the novelist, afterwards the Baroness Gyllembourg-Ehrensvärd, was born in Copenhagen. He promoted Hegelian philosophy and introduced vaudeville to Denmark.
On February 12, 2015, Francisco Álvarez-Cascos surprisingly announced he would not stand again as Asturias Forum's candidate and resigned to the presidency of the party. Álvarez-Cascos was succeeded by Cristina Coto, while he went on to become the party's secretary-general.
Free Software Movement of India (FSMI) is a national coalition of various regional and sectoral free software movements operating in different parts of India. The formation of FSMI was announced in the valedictory function of the National Free Software Conference - 2010 held in Bangalore during 20–21 March 2010. FSMI is a pan Indian level initiative to propagate the ideology of free software and to popularize the usage of the free software. One of the declared aims of the movement is to take Free Software and its ideological implications to computer users “across the digital divide”, to under-privileged sections of society.
Mary was the eldest daughter of William Henry Gaunt, a Victorian county court judge and Elizabeth Palmer, and was born in Chiltern, Victoria. She was educated at Grenville College, Ballarat and the University of Melbourne, being one of the first two women students to enroll there.
``The Power of Love ''is a song co-written and originally recorded by Jennifer Rush in 1984. It has been covered by several artists, most notably by Celine Dion, Laura Branigan and Air Supply.
Vermont Lady Voltage was a professional American women’s soccer team, founded in 2005, which is a member of the United Soccer Leagues W-League. Voltage played in the Northern Division of the Central Conference. They play their home games at the Collins-Perley Sports Complex in the city of St. Albans, Vermont, 27 miles north of the state's largest city, Burlington. The team's colors are black and white, and gold and blue. The team was a sister organization of the men's Vermont Voltage team, which plays in the USL Premier Development League.
The Karşıyaka Cemetery () is a modern burial ground located at İvedik neighborhood in Yenimahalle district of Ankara, Turkey. Administered by the Metropolitan Municipality, it is the biggest cemetery in Ankara. Many prominent figures from the world of politics, business, sports and arts rest here.
Current Governor of the Reserve Bank of India Raghuram Rajan had predicted the crisis in 2005 when he became chief economist at the International Monetary Fund.In 2005, at a celebration honouring Alan Greenspan, who was about to retire as chairman of the US Federal Reserve, Rajan delivered a controversial paper that was critical of the financial sector. In that paper, "Has Financial Development Made the World Riskier?", Rajan "argued that disaster might loom." Rajan argued that financial sector managers were encouraged to "take risks that generate severe adverse consequences with small probability but, in return, offer generous compensation the rest of the time. These risks are known as tail risks. But perhaps the most important concern is whether banks will be able to provide liquidity to financial markets so that if the tail risk does materialise, financial positions can be unwound and losses allocated so that the consequences to the real economy are minimised."
Kirby Air Ride, known in Japan as , is a 2003 racing video game developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo for the GameCube video game console starring Kirby.
"The Trouble with the Truth" is a song written by Gary Nicholson, and recorded by American country music artist Patty Loveless. It was released in April 1997 as the fifth and final single and title track from her album "The Trouble with the Truth".
The Mississauga Power were a Canadian professional basketball team based in Mississauga, Ontario, that competed in the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL). Established in as the Oshawa Power, they played in the Central Division. The Oshawa team began play in the inaugural NBL Canada season, along with the London Lightning, Moncton Miracles, and Summerside Storm and three Premier Basketball League (PBL) teams.
The foundation is an important cultural centre in São Paulo, housing one of the most eminent theaters in town (Teatro FAAP) and the Museu de Arte Brasileira (Museum of Brazilian Art). FAAP has received important exhibits, most notably the exhibit "China: A Arte Imperial, A Arte do Cotidiano, A Arte Contemporânea", the "Treasures of the Czars" display (including some of the famous Fabergé eggs), and in 2011 an exhibit on Grace Kelly, "Os Anos Grace Kelly" (Grace Kelly Era), inaugurated by Prince Albert of Monaco.
Indirect presidential elections were held in Latvia on 2 June 2011. Incumbent president Valdis Zatlers was standing again, as well as Andris Bērziņš (Saeima member for the Union of Greens and Farmers), a former head of SEB Unibanka (not to be confused with Andris Bērziņš, former PM from Latvia's First Party/Latvian Way); Bērziņš was nominated by five Saeima members of the Union of Greens and Farmers just two days before the nomination deadline, although the party was assumed to back Zatlers for reelection.
Eliza (Buckminster) Lee (1792–1864) was an American author, the daughter of Joseph Buckminster. She was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire; was well educated by her father and brother, Joseph Stevens Buckminster; married a Thomas Lee of Boston; became a writer; and was unusually felicitous in her descriptions of New England life. She wrote, notably: "Sketches of New England Life" (1837); "Naomi, or Boston Two Hundred Years Ago" (1848); and memoirs of her father and brother (1849). She translated from the German, wrote a life of Jean Paul (1842), and published an historical novel, "Parthenia, the Last Days of Paganism" (1858).
Ancient Greek medicine began to revolve around the theory of humors. The humoral theory states that good health comes from a perfect balance of the four humors blood, phlegm, yellow bile, and black bile. Consequently, poor health resulted from improper balance of the four humors. Hippocrates, known as the ``Father of Modern Medicine '', established a medical school at Cos and is the most important figure in ancient Greek medicine. Hippocrates and his students documented numerous illnesses in the Hippocratic Corpus, and developed the Hippocratic Oath for physicians, which is still in use today. The contributions to ancient Greek medicine of Hippocrates, Socrates and others had a lasting influence on Islamic medicine and medieval European medicine until many of their findings eventually became obsolete in the 14th century.
London has played a significant role in the film industry, and has major studios at Ealing and a special effects and post-production community centred in Soho. Working Title Films has its headquarters in London. London has been the setting for films including Oliver Twist (1948), Scrooge (1951), Peter Pan (1953), The 101 Dalmatians (1961), My Fair Lady (1964), Mary Poppins (1964), Blowup (1966), The Long Good Friday (1980), Notting Hill (1999), Love Actually (2003), V For Vendetta (2005), Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber Of Fleet Street (2008) and The King's Speech (2010). Notable actors and filmmakers from London include; Charlie Chaplin, Alfred Hitchcock, Michael Caine, Helen Mirren, Gary Oldman, Christopher Nolan, Jude Law, Tom Hardy, Keira Knightley and Daniel Day-Lewis. As of 2008[update], the British Academy Film Awards have taken place at the Royal Opera House. London is a major centre for television production, with studios including BBC Television Centre, The Fountain Studios and The London Studios. Many television programmes have been set in London, including the popular television soap opera EastEnders, broadcast by the BBC since 1985.
Brockway is an unincorporated community in southern McCone County, Montana, United States located near the Redwater River. At the 2000 census, the Brockway area had a population of approximately 140 people.
International Karate +, often abbreviated as IK+, is a karate fighting video game published in 1987 by System 3, originally for the Commodore 64, Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum. It has since been ported to a number of other platforms. The Commodore 64 version was released in the U.S. under the title Chop N' Drop.
Garden State Life Insurance Company is a small direct life insurance company located in League City, Texas. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Galveston, Texas based American National Insurance Company.
Stadio San Paolo () is a stadium in the western suburb of Fuorigrotta in Naples, Italy, and is the third largest football stadium in Italy after the San Siro and Stadio Olimpico. For the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, it hosted the football preliminaries. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of Napoli. The stadium was built in 1959 and underwent extensive renovations in 1989 for the 1990 World Cup. The present capacity of the San Paolo is 60,240.
The musical opened in London's West End in 1986, and on Broadway in 1988. It won the 1986 Olivier Award and the 1988 Tony Award for Best Musical, and Michael Crawford (in the title role) won the Olivier and Tony Awards for Best Actor in a Musical. It is the longest running show in Broadway history by a wide margin, and celebrated its 10,000 th Broadway performance on 11 February 2012, the first production ever to do so. It is the second longest - running West End musical, after Les Misérables, and the third longest - running West End show overall, after The Mousetrap.
Ou Reang Ov District () is a district ("srok") located in Tboung Khmum Province, Cambodia. The district capital is Ou Reang Ov town located around 30 kilometres south of the provincial capital of Kampong Cham by road. Ou Reang Ov lies on the border where Tboung Khmum, Kampong Cham and Prey Veng provinces meet; the town of Prey Veng is only 42 kilometres away by road.
The Puerto Rico Trench is located on the boundary between the Caribbean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean. The oceanic trench is associated with a complex transition between the Lesser Antilles subduction zone to the south and the major transform fault zone or plate boundary, which extends west between Cuba and Hispaniola through the Cayman Trench to the coast of Central America. The trench is 800 kilometres (497 mi) long and has a maximum depth of 8,648 metres (28,373 ft) or 5.373 miles at Milwaukee Deep, which is the deepest point in the Atlantic Ocean and the deepest point not in the Pacific Ocean.
Still Life (Talking) is an album by the Pat Metheny Group that was released in 1987 on Geffen Records. It won the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Fusion Performance and was certified gold by the RIAA on July 2, 1992.
Naktong Vallis is an ancient river valley in the Arabia quadrangle of Mars, located at 5.3 degrees north latitude and 327.1 degrees west longitude. It is 670 km long and was named after the Nakdong River in Korea.
Notre Dame-Siena College of Polomolok is a school in Polomolok, South Cotabato, Philippines. It started as Notre Dame of Polomolok (NDP) but changed its name to Notre Dame-Siena College of Polomolok from the opening of its college department in 2004. Notre Dame-Siena College of Polomolok has been a member of the Notre Dame Educational Association, a group of Notre Dame Schools in the Philippines under the patronage of the Blessed Virgin Mary. The college offers a complete pre-school, grade school, and high school education and a selected college education programs as follows:
Lois Lane is a fictional character on the television series Smallville; she was portrayed continually by Erica Durance since her first appearance in the season four premier ``Crusade ''to the series finale. Durance began as a guest star in season four but was promoted to series regular status beginning in season five. The character of Lois Lane, first created for comic books by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster in 1938 to be the love interest for Clark Kent and his alter - ego Superman, was adapted to television in 2001 by Alfred Gough and Miles Millar -- this is the fourth time the character has been adapted into a live - action television series.
The Montreal Impact () is a Canadian professional soccer team based in Montreal, Quebec. The Impact competes as a member of the Eastern Conference in Major League Soccer (MLS). The team began play in 2012 as an expansion team of the league, being the league's third Canadian club, and replaced the North American Soccer League team of the same name.
The nuclear option is a parliamentary procedure that allows the United States Senate to override a rule or precedent by a simple majority of 51 votes, instead of by a supermajority of 60 votes. The option is invoked by the presiding officer of the body ruling that the validity of a Senate rule or precedent is a constitutional question. The issue is immediately put to the full Senate, which decides by majority vote. The procedure thus allows the Senate to decide any issue by majority vote, regardless of existing procedural rules, such as current Senate rules specifying that ending a filibuster requires the consent of 60 senators (out of 100) for legislation, and 67 for amending a Senate rule. The term ``nuclear option ''is an analogy to nuclear weapons being the most extreme option in warfare.
Sales is one of 13 parishes (administrative divisions) in the Colunga municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
The Australian Open is a tennis tournament held annually over the last fortnight of January in Melbourne, Australia. First held in 1905, the tournament is chronologically the first of the four Grand Slam tennis events of the year -- the other three being the French Open, Wimbledon and the US Open. It features men's and women's singles; men's, women's and mixed doubles and junior's championships; as well as wheelchair, legends and exhibition events. Prior to 1988 the tournament had been played on grass courts, but since then two types of hardcourt surfaces have been used at Melbourne Park -- green coloured Rebound Ace up to 2007 and, afterwards, blue Plexicushion.
Olympus Mons (; Latin for Mount Olympus) is a very large shield volcano on the planet Mars. The volcano has a height of nearly 22 km (13.6 mi or 72,000 ft) as measured by the Mars Orbiter Laser Altimeter (MOLA). Olympus Mons is about two and a half times Mount Everest's height above sea level. It is the largest volcano, the tallest planetary mountain, and the second tallest mountain currently discovered in the Solar System, comparable to Rheasilvia on Vesta. In terms of surface area, Olympus Mons is the second-largest volcano in the solar system, second only to Earth's Tamu Massif. Olympus Mons is the youngest of the large volcanoes on Mars, having formed during Mars's Hesperian Period. It had been known to astronomers since the late 19th century as the albedo feature Nix Olympica (Latin for "Olympic Snow"). Its mountainous nature was suspected well before space probes confirmed its identity as a mountain.
Mom Luang Mingmongkol Sonakul (; , born 1971 in Bangkok, Thailand) is a Thai film producer and independent film director. As the head of her own production company, Dedicate Ltd., she has produced films by Apichatpong Weerasethakul ("Mysterious Object at Noon"); Pen-Ek Ratanaruang, including "Invisible Waves"; Pimpaka Towira's "One Night Husband" and "The Tin Mine" by Jira Maligool.
The Prysmian Group is an Italian multinational corporation headquartered in Milan that manufactures electric power transmission and telecommunications cables and systems. It is the largest manufacturer of cables in the world measured by revenues.
USS "Daly" (DD-519), a "Fletcher"-class destroyer, was a ship of the United States Navy named for Marine Sergeant Major Daniel Daly, (1873–1937), one of the very few people to be twice awarded the Medal of Honor.
The Night in Lisbon () is a novel by Erich Maria Remarque published in 1962. It revolves around the plight of two German refugees in the opening months of World War II. One of the refugees relates their story during the course of a single night in Lisbon in 1942. The story he recounts is mainly a romantic one, and also contains a lot of action with arrests, escapes and near-misses. The novel is realistic, Remarque was himself a German refugee (although the novel is fictional and only loosely based on the experience of Remarque's friend, novelist Hans Habe), and provides insight into refugee life in Europe during the early days of the war. The book completed what was known as Remarque’s "emigre trilogy" along with "Flotsam" and "Arch of Triumph". It was Remarque's last completed work.
Kathy Kinney (born November 3, 1954) is an American actress and comedian. She gained considerable popularity in the late 1990s for playing Mimi Bobeck, the outrageously made - up, flamboyantly vulgar, and vindictive nemesis of Drew Carey on the sitcom The Drew Carey Show. She had been involved with television, feature films, and stage work for years.
Nottingham is an unincorporated community in Pocahontas County, West Virginia, United States. Nottingham is located on the Greenbrier River south-southeast of Durbin.
Dubai (/ duːˈbaɪ / doo - BY; Arabic: دبي ‎ Dubay, Gulf pronunciation: (dʊˈbɑj)) is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). It is located on the southeast coast of the Persian Gulf and is the capital of the Emirate of Dubai, one of the seven emirates that make up the country. Abu Dhabi and Dubai are the only two emirates to have veto power over critical matters of national importance in the country's Federal Supreme Council. The city of Dubai is located on the emirate's northern coastline and heads the Dubai - Sharjah - Ajman metropolitan area. Dubai will host World Expo 2020.
Pelican Rapids is a community in the Canadian province of Manitoba. The Shoal River 65A Indian Reserve is adjacent to the community and is home to some members of the Sapotaweyak Cree Nation.
Merrick is portrayed in two episodes in 2013 (the second series) of the BBC historical crime drama Ripper Street, portrayed by actor Joseph Drake. In 2017, the Malthouse Theatre, Melbourne commissioned playwright Tom Wright to write a play about Merrick's life. The Real and Imagined History of the Elephant Man premiered on 4 August, and starred Daniel Monks in the title role. The cast also featured Paula Arundell, Julie Forsyth, Emma J Hawkins, and Sophie Ross.
Gladys Bronwyn Stern or GB Stern (17 June 1890 – 20 September 1973), born Gladys "Bertha" Stern in London, England, wrote many novels, short stories, plays, memoirs, biographies and literary criticism.
Because of this shift in meaning, the term moon, which had continued to be used in a generic sense in works of popular science and in fiction, has regained respectability and is now used interchangeably with natural satellite, even in scientific articles. When it is necessary to avoid both the ambiguity of confusion with Earth's natural satellite the Moon and the natural satellites of the other planets on the one hand, and artificial satellites on the other, the term natural satellite (using ``natural ''in a sense opposed to`` artificial'') is used. To further avoid ambiguity, the convention is to capitalize the word Moon when referring to Earth's natural satellite, but not when referring to other natural satellites.
The Acura RL is a mid-sized / executive luxury car that was manufactured by the Acura division of Honda for the 1996–2012 model years over two generations. The RL was the flagship of the marque, having succeeded the Acura Legend, and was replaced in 2013 by the Acura RLX. All models of the Legend, RL and RLX lines have been adapted from the Japanese domestic market Honda Legend. The model name "RL" is an abbreviation for "Refined Luxury."
The Definitive Collection is a 1997 greatest hits compilation album of all the singles released by Cleveland, Ohio singer-songwriter Eric Carmen. It features five hits by the Raspberries, a power pop group which he led in the early 1970s. It also contains his versions of two major hits which he wrote for Shaun Cassidy, two popular songs from the movie "Dirty Dancing", and his greatest hit, "All By Myself".
In the wake of these external defeats, the Guangxu Emperor initiated the Hundred Days' Reform of 1898. Newer, more radical advisers such as Kang Youwei were given positions of influence. The emperor issued a series of edicts and plans were made to reorganize the bureaucracy, restructure the school system, and appoint new officials. Opposition from the bureaucracy was immediate and intense. Although she had been involved in the initial reforms, the empress dowager stepped in to call them off, arrested and executed several reformers, and took over day-to-day control of policy. Yet many of the plans stayed in place, and the goals of reform were implanted.
Beyoncé Giselle Knowles - Carter (/ biːˈjɒnseɪ /; born September 4, 1981) is an American singer, songwriter, performer, and actress. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Beyoncé performed in various singing and dancing competitions as a child. She rose to fame in the late 1990s as lead singer of the R&B girl - group Destiny's Child. Managed by her father, Mathew Knowles, the group became one of the world's best - selling girl groups in history. Their hiatus saw Beyoncé's theatrical film debut in Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002) and the release of her debut album, Dangerously in Love (2003). The album established her as a solo artist worldwide, debuting at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart and earning five Grammy Awards, and featured the Billboard Hot 100 number one singles ``Crazy in Love ''and`` Baby Boy''.
When "Le pillole di Ercole" was first released in Italy in 1960 the Committee for the Theatrical Review of the Italian Ministry of Cultural Heritage and Activities rated it as VM16: not suitable for children under 16. In addition, the committee imposed the modification of the following scenes: 1) the scene in which Manfredi and Koscina hug each other on the bed will be shortened; 2) the scene in which Manfredi makes a house call to Valerie (reel 4); 3) the lines in which De Sica says "...I know, when I am with a woman..." until "...a hay barn" must be deleted. Document N° 32710 signed on 3 September 1960 by Minister Renzo Helfer.
The first major warship produced by the U.S. Navy after World War II (and in the Cold War) were "frigates"—the ships were originally designated destroyer leaders but reclassified in 1975 as guided missile cruisers (except the became guided missile destroyers). These grew out of the last all-gun destroyers of the 1950s. In the middle 1970s the s entered service, optimized for anti-submarine warfare. A special class of guided missile destroyers was produced for the Shah of Iran, but due to the Iranian Revolution these ships could not be delivered and were added to the U.S. Navy.
In 1943, the Finnish Navy was in great need for new motor torpedo boats and the Finnish ship designer Jarl Linblom studied the Finnish Navy's Italian-designed motor torpedo boats and improved the design. The improved hull design gave them better seaworthiness and the boats could reach up to without armament. Six were manufactured at "Turun Veneveistämö" during the war, and called the "Taisto class".
The Suez Canal (Arabic: قناة السويس ‎ qanāt as - suwēs) is an artificial sea - level waterway in Egypt, connecting the Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea through the Isthmus of Suez. Constructed by the Suez Canal Company between 1859 and 1869, it was officially opened on 17 November 1869. The canal offers watercraft a shorter journey between the North Atlantic and northern Indian Oceans via the Mediterranean and Red seas by avoiding the South Atlantic and southern Indian oceans, in turn reducing the journey by approximately 7,000 kilometres (4,300 mi). It extends from the northern terminus of Port Said to the southern terminus of Port Tewfik at the city of Suez. Its length is 193.30 km (120.11 mi), including its northern and southern access channels. In 2012, 17,225 vessels traversed the canal (average 47 per day).
lex soli: By birth in the UK or a qualified British Overseas Territory to a parent who is a British citizen at the time of the birth, or to a parent who is settled in the UK or that Overseas Territory lex sanguinis: By birth abroad, which constitutes ``by descent ''if one of the parents is a British citizen otherwise than by descent (for example by birth, adoption, registration or naturalisation in the UK). British citizenship by descent is only transferable to one generation down from the parent who is a British citizen otherwise than by descent, if the child is born abroad. By naturalisation By registration By adoption
Although the Indian Post Office was established in 1837, Asia's first adhesive stamp, the Scinde Dawk, was introduced in 1852 by Sir Bartle Frere, the British East India Company's administrator of the province of Sind. The Indian postal system developed into an extensive, dependable and robust network providing connectivity to almost all parts of India, Burma, the Straits Settlements and other areas controlled by the British East India Company (EIC). Based on the model postal system introduced in England by the reformer, Rowland Hill, efficient postal services were provided at a low cost and enabled the smooth commercial, military and administrative functioning of the EIC and its successor, the British Raj. The Imperial Posts co-existed with the several postal systems maintained by various Indian states, some of which produced stamps for use within their respective dominions, while British Indian postage stamps were required for sending mail beyond the boundaries of these states. Telegraphy and telephony made their appearance as part of the Posts before becoming separate departments. After the Independence of India in 1947, the Indian postal service continues to function on a countrywide basis and provides many valuable, low cost services to the public of India.
While the Gregorian calendar was implemented in Soviet Russia in February 1918 by dropping the Julian dates of 1 -- 13 February 1918 pursuant to a Sovnarkom decree, the Soviet calendar added five - and six - day work weeks between 1929 and 1940. Although the traditional seven - day week was still recognized, a day of rest on Sunday was replaced by one day of rest in each work week. Many sources erroneously state that the weeks were organized into 30 - day months from Roman calendar.
Immunogenetics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering immunogenetics, the branch of medical research that explores the relationship between the immune system and genetics. This journal publishes original research papers, brief communications and reviews in: immunogenetics of cell interaction, immunogenetics of tissue differentiation and development, phylogeny of alloantigens and of immune response, genetic control of immune response and disease susceptibility, and genetics and biochemistry of alloantigens.
"Sing Me a Song" was the Dutch entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1983, performed in Dutch (with the exception of the English of the title) by Bernadette.
On 20 September 2013, Queen + Adam Lambert performed at the iHeartRadio Music Festival at the MGM Grand Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. On 6 March 2014, the band announced on Good Morning America that Queen + Adam Lambert will tour North America in Summer 2014. The band will also tour Australia and New Zealand in August/September 2014. In an interview with Rolling Stone, May and Taylor said that although the tour with Lambert is a limited thing, they are open to him becoming an official member, and cutting new material with him.
Archangelgorod Governorate (, "Arkhangelogorodskaya guberniya"), or the Government of Archangelgorod, was an administrative division (a "guberniya") of the Tsardom of Russia and then the Russian Empire, which existed from 1708 until 1780. Its seat was in Archangel (modern Arkhangelsk). The governorate was located in the north of the Russian Empire and bordered Siberia Governorate in the east, Kazan Governorate in the southeast, Moscow and Ingermanland Governorates in the southwest, Sweden (later independent Finland) in the west, and Norway in north-west. In the north, the governorate was limited by the White and Barents Seas.
Clearing Norfolk 5 January 1955, Jarvis sailed to the West Coast, arriving Long Beach 26 January. After training off the California Coast, she departed 21 April on the first of five post-Korean War deployments to the Far East. As a unit of the powerful and versatile 7th Fleet, she ranged the Western Pacific from Japan to the Philippines, ever alert to insure peace in the unsettled Far East. While on her 1955 deployment to the Far East, she supported the evacuation of thousands of refugees from North to South Vietnam during Operation Passage to Freedom. During all her deployments she conducted patrols in the Formosa Strait to help stabilize the Nationalist-Communist struggle and prevent the invasion of Formosa from the mainland. In 1958 she provided valuable assistance for the Chinese Nationalists during the threatened Communist invasion of Quemoy and Matsu.
In the early 5th century, the deep crisis suffered by the Roman Empire allowed different tribes of Central Europe (Suebi, Vandals and Alani) to cross the Rhine and penetrate into the rule on 31 December 406. Its progress towards the Iberian Peninsula forced the Roman authorities to establish a treaty (foedus) by which the Suebi would settle peacefully and govern Galicia as imperial allies. So, from 409 Galicia was taken by the Suebi, forming the first medieval kingdom to be created in Europe, in 411, even before the fall of the Roman Empire, being also the first Germanic kingdom to mint coinage in Roman lands. During this period a Briton colony and bishopric (see Mailoc) was established in Northern Galicia (Britonia), probably as foederati and allies of the Suebi. In 585, the Visigothic King Leovigild invaded the Suebic kingdom of Galicia and defeated it, bringing it under Visigoth control.
Summer School Teachers is a 1974 feature film directed and written by Barbara Peeters and starring Candice Rialson. It is about three female friends who all teach at a school over the summer.
Pennsylvania Route 436 (PA 436) is a state highway located in Jefferson county in Pennsylvania. The southern terminus is at US 119 near Punxsutawney. The northern terminus is at PA 36 in Punxsutawney. PA 436 was assigned in the 1928 numbering of roads in Pennsylvania and not paved until 1932. The road's other lone major intersection on PA 436 is for Jefferson SR 3012. The route is highly elevated for most of its length, reaching as high as .
The performance of "Summertime" by Barrino, later known simply as "Fantasia", at Top 8 was widely praised, and Simon Cowell considered it as his favorite Idol moment in the nine seasons he was on the show. Fantasia and Diana DeGarmo were the last two finalists, and Fantasia was crowned as the winner. Fantasia released as her coronation single "I Believe", a song co-written by season one finalist Tamyra Gray, and DeGarmo released "Dreams". Fantasia went on to gain some successes as a recording artist, while Hudson, who placed seventh, became the only Idol contestant so far to win both an Academy Award and a Grammy.
The club's most successful period was in the late 1960s and early 1970s, when they won the League Championship, FA Cup, League Cup and European Cup Winners' Cup under the management team of Joe Mercer and Malcolm Allison. After losing the 1981 FA Cup Final, the club went through a period of decline, culminating in relegation to the third tier of English football for the only time in their history in 1998. Having regained their Premier League status in the early 2000s, the club was purchased in 2008 by Abu Dhabi United Group and has since become one of the wealthiest in the world. Since 2011, the club have won five major honours, including the Premier League in 2012 and 2014.
Camden Fairview High School is a secondary school located in Camden, Arkansas, United States. The school is a part of the Camden Fairview School District. The school houses grades 9 through 12. With an approximate enrollment of more than 750, the school is the largest in Camden. The current principal is Gary Steelman.
Paul McCartney -- lead vocals, bass, handclaps John Lennon -- rhythm guitar, harmony vocals, handclaps George Harrison -- lead guitar, handclaps Ringo Starr -- drums, handclaps
The Yuma County Library District serves the population of Yuma County, Arizona. Today the library district consists of the nearly 80,000 square foot Main Library located in Yuma as well as branches in downtown Yuma, the Foothills, Somerton, San Luis, Wellton, Dateland, and Roll. The first Yuma Library, a Carnegie library, opened February 24, 1921 with 1,053 volumes and seating for 20 persons. Located in Sunset Park, the Yuma Carnegie Library underwent several expansions and renovations over the years, including a $4.2 million renovation completed in 2009. The Yuma Carnegie library still operates today as the Heritage Branch Library in downtown Yuma.
Martin the Humane (29 July 1356 – 31 May 1410), also called the Elder and the Ecclesiastic, was King of Aragon, Valencia, Sardinia and Corsica and Count of Barcelona from 1396 and King of Sicily from 1409 (as Martin II). He failed to secure the accession of his illegitimate grandson, Frederic, Count of Luna, and with him the rule of the House of Barcelona came to an end.
Born into the periphery of the British aristocracy and married to a politician and member of the establishment, she was perfectly placed to meet all the key figures of the Regency and late Napoleonic eras. Recording meetings and conversations often verbatim, she has today become the "Mrs. Arbuthnot" quoted in many biographies and histories of the era. Her observations and memories of life within the British establishment are not confined to individuals but document politics, great events and daily life with an equal attention to detail, providing historians with a clear picture of the events described. Her diaries were themselves finally published in 1950 as The Journal of Mrs Arbuthnot.
It is recognised that an epidemiological account of the plague is as important as an identification of symptoms, but researchers are hampered by the lack of reliable statistics from this period. Most work has been done on the spread of the plague in England, and even estimates of overall population at the start vary by over 100% as no census was undertaken between the time of publication of the Domesday Book and the year 1377. Estimates of plague victims are usually extrapolated from figures from the clergy.
While many NHL, NBA, and NFL draftees will eventually reach their respective leagues, the vast majority of players selected in the first - year player draft will never play in a single MLB game, including many first - rounders. For example, only 31 of 52 first - round draft picks in the 1997 draft eventually made a big - league appearance, and only 13 of those 31 appeared in more than 100 games as of 2009. In 1997's sixth round, only five of the 30 players selected eventually made a big league appearance, and only two of those five (Tim Hudson and Matt Wise) played more than 40 innings in the majors. Further illustrating the unpredictability of the draft's middle and later rounds, none of the 30 players selected in the 18th round ever reached the major leagues, but the 19th round eventually produced an all - star and World Series MVP, David Eckstein.
The Bristol 403 is a luxury car which was produced from 1953 to 1955 by British manufacturer Bristol Aeroplane Co. (whose car division later became Bristol Cars). The 403 was the third of the eventual five series of Bristols powered by the BMW-derived pushrod straight-six engine. It replaced the Bristol 401 and 402 in 1953 and continued in production for two years.
Michigan State -- Notre Dame football rivalry Michigan State Spartans Notre Dame Fighting Irish First meeting November 25, 1897 Latest meeting September 23, 2017 Next meeting 2026 Trophy Megaphone Trophy (from 1949) Statistics Meetings total 78 All - time series Notre Dame leads, 49 -- 29 -- 1 Trophy series Notre Dame leads, 35 -- 27 -- 1 Largest victory Notre Dame, 53 -- 0 (1898) Longest win streak Notre Dame, 8 (1897 -- 1909, 1987 -- 94), Michigan State, 8 (1955 -- 63) Current win streak Notre Dame, 1 (2017)
New Haven was home to one of the important early events in the burgeoning anti-slavery movement when, in 1839, the trial of mutineering Mende tribesmen being transported as slaves on the Spanish slaveship Amistad was held in New Haven's United States District Court. There is a statue of Joseph Cinqué, the informal leader of the slaves, beside City Hall. See "Museums" below for more information. Abraham Lincoln delivered a speech on slavery in New Haven in 1860, shortly before he secured the Republican nomination for President.
Erfurt Cathedral (, officially "Hohe Domkirche St. Marien zu Erfurt", English: Cathedral Church of St Mary at Erfurt), also known as St Mary's Cathedral, is the largest and oldest church building in the Thuringian city of Erfurt, central Germany. It is the episcopal seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Erfurt. The cathedral was mainly built in the International Gothic style and is located on a hillside overlooking the main town square (, Cathedral Square). Former German names include and .
The Petite Creuse (, the small Creuse) is a long river in Allier and Creuse departments, in central France. Its source is at Treignat, southeast of the village. It is a left tributary of the Creuse River into which it flows at Fresselines. The river is dammed at several locations creating valley lakes that are extensively used for recreation, such as fishing, boating and swimming. The dams are used to generate electricity and to supply water treatment plants providing drinking water to local communities.
The Mississippi River is the chief river of the second - largest drainage system on the North American continent, second only to the Hudson Bay drainage system. Flowing entirely in the United States (although its drainage basin reaches into Canada), it rises in northern Minnesota and meanders slowly southwards for 2,320 miles (3,730 km) to the Mississippi River Delta at the Gulf of Mexico. With its many tributaries, the Mississippi's watershed drains all or parts of 31 U.S. states and 2 Canadian provinces between the Rocky and Appalachian Mountains. The Mississippi ranks as the fourth - longest and fifteenth - largest river in the world by discharge. The river either borders or passes through the states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
With the initial investment of £4,200, the new trial force of the Thames River Police began with about 50 men charged with policing 33,000 workers in the river trades, of whom Colquhoun claimed 11,000 were known criminals and "on the game." The force was a success after its first year, and his men had "established their worth by saving £122,000 worth of cargo and by the rescuing of several lives." Word of this success spread quickly, and the government passed the Marine Police Bill on 28 July 1800, transforming it from a private to public police agency; now the oldest police force in the world. Colquhoun published a book on the experiment, The Commerce and Policing of the River Thames. It found receptive audiences far outside London, and inspired similar forces in other cities, notably, New York City, Dublin, and Sydney.
As the head of the executive branch of the Sierra Leone government, the president implements laws passed by parliament. The president has influence, especially over members of the party of the President in the legislative branch of Parliament. The president constitutionally appoints judges of the Sierra Leone Judicial branch, including judges of the high court, the court of appeals and the Supreme Court. The president heads a Cabinet of ministers, which must be approved by the Parliament. The president is the most famous, the most powerful, and the most influential person in the Government of Sierra Leone. The President of Sierra Leone is addressed as His Excellency. The current President of Sierra Leone is Rt. Brigadier Julius Maada Bio.
Adventures of Lolo 2, known as in Japan, is a puzzle video game released in 1990 by HAL Corporation for the NES/Family Computer. It is the sixth installment of the Japanese "Eggerland" video game series; it was the fourth game released in European countries and the second one released in the United States and Canada. The previous title in the series was titled "Adventures of Lolo", too, but it was released in North America and Europe only. Therefore, this title was localized as "Adventures of Lolo 2" outside Japan.
In 1983, Richard Stallman, founder of the Free Software Foundation, set forth plans of a complete Unix - like operating system, called GNU, composed entirely of free software. In September of that year, Stallman published a manifesto in Dr. Dobb's Journal detailing his new project publicly, outlining his vision of free software. Software development work began in January 1984. By 1991, the GNU mid-level portions of the operating system were almost complete, and the upper level could be supplied by the X Window System, but the lower level (kernel, device drivers, system - level utilities and daemons) was still mostly lacking. The GNU kernel was called GNU Hurd. The Hurd followed an ambitious design which proved unexpectedly difficult to implement and has only been marginally usable.
The Stamp Act of 1765 (short title Duties in American Colonies Act 1765; 5 George III, c. 12) was an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain that imposed a direct tax on the Thirteen Colonies and required that many printed materials in the colonies be produced on stamped paper produced in London, carrying an embossed revenue stamp. Printed materials included legal documents, magazines, playing cards, newspapers, and many other types of paper used throughout the colonies. Like previous taxes, the stamp tax had to be paid in valid British currency, not in colonial paper money.
Nicene Christianity became the state church of the Roman Empire with the Edict of Thessalonica in 380 AD, when Emperor Theodosius I made it the Empire's sole authorized religion. The Eastern Orthodox Church, Oriental Orthodoxy, and the Catholic Church each claim to be the historical continuation of this church in its original form, but do not identify with it in the caesaropapist form that it took later. Unlike Constantine I, who with the Edict of Milan of 313 AD had established tolerance for Christianity without placing it above other religions and whose involvement in matters of the Christian faith extended to convoking councils of bishops who were to determine doctrine and to presiding at their meetings, but not to determining doctrine himself, Theodosius established a single Christian doctrine (specified as that professed by Pope Damasus I of Rome and Pope Peter II of Alexandria) as the Empire's official religion.
In 1985, Stallman published the GNU Manifesto, which outlined his motivation for creating a free operating system called GNU, which would be compatible with Unix. The name GNU is a recursive acronym for "GNU's Not Unix". Soon after, he started a nonprofit corporation called the Free Software Foundation to employ free software programmers and provide a legal infrastructure for the free software movement. Stallman is the nonsalaried president of the FSF, which is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in Massachusetts. Stallman popularized the concept of copyleft, a legal mechanism to protect the modification and redistribution rights for free software. It was first implemented in the GNU Emacs General Public License, and in 1989 the first program-independent GNU General Public License (GPL) was released. By then, much of the GNU system had been completed.
Pine Island is an island of Northern Ontario, Canada, in the northwestern portion of Lake Huron, near the mouth of the St. Marys River, which connects Lake Huron with Lake Superior. It has a mix of year-round and seasonal (cottage) residents. Some of them live near the island; and some of those neighbors live on other smaller islands nearby. During the night, a nearby lighthouse blinks with an interval of approximately 3 seconds. The lighthouse is located on Matthew's Island, used seasonally by the Matthew's family. This island is geographically close to St. Joseph Island.
The Cube is an hour-long teleplay that aired on NBC's weekly anthology television show "NBC Experiment in Television" in 1969. The production was produced and directed by puppeteer and filmmaker Jim Henson, and was one of several experiments with the live-action film medium which he conducted in the 1960s, before focusing entirely on "The Muppets" and other puppet works. The screenplay was co-written by long-time Muppet writer Jerry Juhl.
The Ducharme Bridge (French: "Pont Ducharme") is a covered bridge with a lattice truss structure, which crosses the Bostonnais River in the center of La Bostonnais, Quebec. The bridge was built in 1946 and it is long. It was classified as a historic monument in 2006, because it was a late example of an elaborated town bridge, a truss developed by the Departement of colonization of Quebec at the turn of the 20th century. It was named after Romulus Ducharme, MLA of Laviolette in 1936-1939 and 1944-1966.
Glumpers is a CG animated television series by Motion Pictures, S.A.(Spain) co-produced with Televisió de Catalunya. The series currently consists of one season, which has 104 episodes of 2 minutes each.
Emmaline Henry (November 1, 1928 -- October 8, 1979) was an American actress best known for playing Amanda Bellows, the wife of Dr. Alfred Bellows, on the hit 1960s situation comedy I Dream of Jeannie.
The Stars and Stripes Forever National march of the United States Lyrics John Philip Sousa, May 1897 (1897 - 05) Music John Philip Sousa, December 1896 (1896 - 12) Adopted 1987; 31 years ago (1987) Audio sample ``The Stars and Stripes Forever ''(instrumental) file help
GE is a multinational conglomerate headquartered in Fairfield, Connecticut. Its main offices are located at 30 Rockefeller Plaza at Rockefeller Center in New York City, known now as the Comcast Building. It was formerly known as the GE Building for the prominent GE logo on the roof; NBC's headquarters and main studios are also located in the building. Through its RCA subsidiary, it has been associated with the center since its construction in the 1930s. GE moved its corporate headquarters from the GE Building on Lexington Avenue to Fairfield in 1974.
Antonio Vivaldi composed a mandolin concerto (Concerto in C major Op.3 6) and two concertos for two mandolins and orchestra. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart placed it in his 1787 work Don Giovanni and Beethoven created four variations of it. Antonio Maria Bononcini composed La conquista delle Spagne di Scipione Africano il giovane in 1707 and George Frideric Handel composed Alexander Balus in 1748. Others include Giovani Battista Gervasio (Sonata in D major for Mandolin and Basso Continuo), Giuseppe Giuliano (Sonata in D major for Mandolin and Basso Continuo), Emanuele Barbella (Sonata in D major for Mandolin and Basso Continuo), Domenico Scarlatti (Sonata n.54 (K.89) in D minor for Mandolin and Basso Continuo), and Addiego Guerra (Sonata in G major for Mandolin and Basso Continuo).
The controversy surrounding affirmative action's effectiveness is based on the idea of class inequality. Opponents of racial affirmative action argue that the program actually benefits middle- and upper-class African Americans and Hispanic Americans at the expense of lower-class European Americans and Asian Americans. This argument supports the idea of class-based affirmative action. America's poor is disproportionately made up of people of color, so class-based affirmative action would disproportionately help people of color. This would eliminate the need for race-based affirmative action as well as reducing any disproportionate benefits for middle- and upper-class people of color.
Little Crooked Run is a tributary of Tomhicken Creek in Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through North Union Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of . The stream is considered to be a High-Quality Coldwater Fishery and Class A Wild Trout Waters. The main rock formations in the stream's watershed are the Mauch Chunk Formation and the Pottsville Formation and the main soil is the Hazleton soil.
``A Change Is Gonna Come ''is a song by American recording artist Sam Cooke, released on December 22, 1964, by RCA Victor. Produced by Hugo & Luigi and arranged and conducted by René Hall, the song was the B - side to`` Shake''.
Venus with a Mirror (about 1555) is a painting by Titian, now in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, DC, and it is considered to be one of the collection's highlights.
U Me Aur Hum ("You, Me and Us") is a 2008 Indian romantic drama film produced and directed by Ajay Devgan under Ajay Devgan Films and Eros International. The film, Devgan's first as a director, stars him alongside his wife Kajol in their seventh film together. Karan Khanna, Isha Sharvani, Sumeet Raghavan and Divya Dutta also star in the film. Written by Devgan himself and three other writers, the film was released on 11 April 2008 in around 450 cinemas (with 150 of them being digital screens). The film is plagiarized from the similar 2004 film, "The Notebook".
Seria is a mukim in the Belait District of Brunei. It is about 169 square kilometres in size. It is located in the north-west of the Belait District, bordering the South China Sea to the north, Mukim Liang to the east, Mukim Labi to the south-east, Mukim Kuala Balai to the south and Mukim Kuala Belait to the west. It has over 27,000 residents made up of various races, including Malays and Chinese. There is also a Nepalese community in Seria, made up of members of the British Army's Brigade of Gurkhas. The British Army occupies two camps in Seria since the 1960s, known as the Medicina Lines and the Tuker Lines. As of March 2007, the "Penghulu" of "Mukim" Seria is Awang Haji Jamail bin Haji Linap who was elected to the office on 12 March 2006.
In 2009, the university's Marriott School of Management received a No. 5 ranking by BusinessWeek for its undergraduate programs, and its MBA program was ranked by several sources: No. 22 ranking by BusinessWeek, No. 16 by Forbes, and No. 29 by U.S. News & World Report. Among regional schools the MBA program was ranked No. 1 by The Wall Street Journal's most recent ranking (2007), and it was ranked No. 92 among business schools worldwide in 2009 by Financial Times. For 2009, the university's School of Accountancy, which is housed within the Marriott School, received two No. 3 rankings for its undergraduate program—one by Public Accounting Report and the other by U.S. News & World Report. The same two reporting agencies also ranked the school's MAcc program No. 3 and No. 8 in the nation, respectively. In 2010, an article in the Wall Street Journal listing institutions whose graduates were the top-rated by recruiters ranked BYU No. 11. Using 2010 fiscal year data, the Association of University Technology Managers ranked BYU No. 3 in an evaluation of universities creating the most startup companies through campus research.
Bojana Stamenov (; born 24 June 1986) is a Serbian singer and musician best known for performing soul, jazz and R&B music, who represented Serbia, placing 9th in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song "Beauty Never Lies". She also participates in performances for children in the Boško Buha Theatre in Belgrade. Stamenov had her first concert on 13 June, in Sava Centar in Belgrade, while working on her debut album. The singer has announced that all the records will be in English.
The song was written in collaboration with Lori Lieberman, who recorded the song in late 1971. In 1973 it became a number - one hit in the US and Canada for Roberta Flack, also reaching number six in the UK Singles Chart. Many artists have covered the song; the version by the Fugees won the 1997 Grammy for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal.
Dweezil Zappa was born in Los Angeles, California to Frank Zappa and Gail Zappa. He is the second of four siblings: his older sister, Moon, younger sister Diva and younger brother Ahmet, and is the cousin of actress Lala Sloatman. Zappa's father was of Sicilian, Greek, Arab, and French descent, and his mother was of French, Irish and mostly Danish ancestry.
Forlanini is a district ("quartiere") of Milan, Italy. It is part of the Zone 4 administrative division, located east of the city centre.
Copake Lake is a community (and census-designated place) in southern Columbia County, New York, United States. The population was 823 at the 2010 census.
Somalis in the United Kingdom include British citizens and residents born in, or with ancestors from, Somalia. It is thought that the United Kingdom (UK) is home to the largest Somali community in Europe, with an estimated 98,000 Somali - born immigrants residing in the UK in 2016 according to the Office for National Statistics. The majority of these live in England, with the largest number found in London. Smaller Somali communities exist in Birmingham, Bristol, Manchester, Liverpool, Leicester, Milton Keynes, Sheffield and Cardiff.
Cyborg anthropology originated as a sub-focus group within the American Anthropological Association's annual meeting in 1993. The sub-group was very closely related to STS and the Society for the Social Studies of Science. Donna Haraway's 1985 Cyborg Manifesto could be considered the founding document of cyborg anthropology by first exploring the philosophical and sociological ramifications of the term. Cyborg anthropology studies humankind and its relations with the technological systems it has built, specifically modern technological systems that have reflexively shaped notions of what it means to be human beings.
``Miami Vice Theme ''is a musical piece composed and performed by Jan Hammer as the theme to the television series Miami Vice. It was first presented as part of the television broadcast of the show in September 1984, was released as a single in 1985, and peaked at the number one spot on the Billboard Hot 100. It was the last instrumental to top the Hot 100 until 2013, when`` Harlem Shake'' by Baauer reached number one. It also peaked at number five in the UK and number four in Canada. In 1986, it won Grammy Awards for ``Best Instrumental Composition ''and`` Best Pop Instrumental Performance.'' This song, along with Glenn Frey's number two hit ``You Belong to the City '', put the Miami Vice soundtrack on the top of the US album chart for 11 weeks in 1985, making it the most successful TV soundtrack of all time until 2006, when Disney Channel's High School Musical beat its record.
A former student of École Polytechnique, Philippe Flajolet received his Ph.D. in computer science from University Paris Diderot in 1973 and state doctorate from Paris-Sud 11 University in 1979. Most of Philippe Flajolet's research work was dedicated towards general methods for analyzing the computational complexity of algorithms, including the theory of average-case complexity. He introduced the theory of analytic combinatorics. With Robert Sedgewick of Princeton University, he wrote the first book-length treatment of the
Although the city lost the status of state capital to Columbia in 1786, Charleston became even more prosperous in the plantation-dominated economy of the post-Revolutionary years. The invention of the cotton gin in 1793 revolutionized the processing of this crop, making short-staple cotton profitable. It was more easily grown in the upland areas, and cotton quickly became South Carolina's major export commodity. The Piedmont region was developed into cotton plantations, to which the sea islands and Lowcountry were already devoted. Slaves were also the primary labor force within the city, working as domestics, artisans, market workers, and laborers.
Kevin Drew (born September 9, 1976) is a Canadian musician and songwriter who, together with Brendan Canning, founded the expansive Toronto baroque-pop collective Broken Social Scene. He was also part of the lesser-known KC Accidental, which consisted of Drew and Charles Spearin, another current member of Broken Social Scene.
The Cal Shaw Stone Row House is a stone row house located on Central Street in Tonopah, Nevada, United States. Property owner Cal Shaw built the house in 1906 next to the Cal Shaw Adobe Duplex, which was built the previous year. While the house was built with stone instead of adobe, it features a similar design to the adobe house, particularly in its projecting roof and porch supported by columns. The house and its neighbor reflect the variety of homes built on Central Street, one of the earliest residential areas in Tonopah. In addition, the house's detailed and well-preserved design led a local historic survey to call it "one of the best preserved examples of stone residential construction in Tonopah".
In 1923, the National Flag Conference called for the words ``my Flag ''to be changed to`` the Flag of the United States,'' so that new immigrants would not confuse loyalties between their birth countries and the US. The words ``of America ''were added a year later. Congress officially recognized the Pledge for the first time, in the following form, on June 22, 1942:
In 1989, during the "Singing Revolution", in a landmark demonstration for more independence, more than two million people formed a human chain stretching through Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, called the Baltic Way. All three nations had similar experiences of occupation and similar aspirations for regaining independence. The Estonian Sovereignty Declaration was issued on 16 November 1988. On 20 August 1991, Estonia declared formal independence during the Soviet military coup attempt in Moscow, reconstituting the pre-1940 state. The Soviet Union recognised the independence of Estonia on 6 September 1991. The first country to diplomatically recognise Estonia's reclaimed independence was Iceland. The last units of the Russian army left on 31 August 1994.
After hinting for many years that Mystique was indeed Nightcrawler's biological mother, it was confirmed by writer Scott Lobdell in X-Men Unlimited # 4. In 2003, it was revealed that although Mystique was married to a wealthy German, Herr Wagner, Nightcrawler's father was Azazel, a member of a race of demonic - looking mutants known as the Neyaphem which date back to Biblical times that were banished to another dimension by a race of angelic mutants. The storyline was furthered by the revelation that fellow X-Man Archangel's healing blood did not heal Nightcrawler, and in fact caused him great pain.
Hitler Lives (also known as Hitler Lives?) is a 1945 American short documentary film directed by Don Siegel, who was uncredited. The film won an Oscar at the 18th Academy Awards in 1946 for Documentary Short Subject. Earlier the same year, Siegel made his directorial debut on another short film "Star in the Night" (1945), which also won an Academy Award.
Taylor yells for them to drop their gear and make a break for the surface. They swim as fast as they can to the surface near the boat. As they cling to a life ring to get to the boat, one of the sharks bites Lisa's leg and pulls her back down to the water. Lisa fights the shark by hitting it and gouging its eye out, which causes the shark to release her. Captain Taylor and the other men are able to pull Lisa and Kate onto the boat and begin administering first aid. However, as Lisa stares at her hand on the deck of the boat, it is revealed that she has been hallucinating for some time due to the excess nitrogen in her blood from the air tanks. Her leg is still trapped under the cage on the ocean floor as she laughs and imagines that she is talking to Kate on the boat deck. The coast guard comes to rescue her and carries Lisa to the surface without Kate. Lisa, as she is slowly and cautiously being brought to the surface, comes out of her hallucination, and also notices her sister is not with her. She starts to cry and call out to Kate, realizing that Kate had been dead since the shark attacked and dragged her away.
Patchwork Girl is a work of electronic literature by American author Shelley Jackson. It was written in Storyspace and published by Eastgate Systems in 1995. It is often discussed along with Michael Joyce's "afternoon, a story" as an important work of hypertext fiction.
The Zeil () is a street in the city centre of Frankfurt, Germany. The name, which dates back to the 14th century, is derived from the German word "Zeile" "row" and originally referred to a row of houses on the eastern end of the north side; the name was not extended to the entire street until later.
Richmond is located at 37°32′N 77°28′W﻿ / ﻿37.533°N 77.467°W﻿ / 37.533; -77.467 (37.538, −77.462). According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 62 square miles (160 km2), of which 60 square miles (160 km2) is land and 2.7 square miles (7.0 km2) of it (4.3%) is water. The city is located in the Piedmont region of Virginia, at the highest navigable point of the James River. The Piedmont region is characterized by relatively low, rolling hills, and lies between the low, sea level Tidewater region and the Blue Ridge Mountains. Significant bodies of water in the region include the James River, the Appomattox River, and the Chickahominy River.
Lenovo announced the Yoga 710 at the Mobile World Congress in 2016. The Yoga 710 comes in versions with 11 - inch and 14 - inch displays. The 11 - inch version uses Intel Core M low - power processors, weighing just 2.35 lbs and 0.58 inches thin, has 8 gigabytes of memory, and includes a solid - state drive with a capacity up to 256 gigabytes. The same processor is used in Apple's 12 - inch MacBook. The 14 - inch version uses standard Intel Core i5 and Core i7 processors and optional Nvidia GeForce 940M or 940MX graphics processors. Both versions use 1080p IPS screens.
Executive power is vested, with exceptions and qualifications, in the President. By law (Section 2.) the president becomes the Commander in Chief of the Army and Navy, Militia of several states when called into service, has power to make treaties and appointments to office "with the Advice and Consent of the Senate," receive Ambassadors and Public Ministers, and "take care that the laws be faithfully executed" (Section 3.) By using these words, the Constitution does not require the president to personally enforce the law; rather, officers subordinate to the president may perform such duties. The Constitution empowers the president to ensure the faithful execution of the laws made by Congress and approved by the President. Congress may itself terminate such appointments, by impeachment, and restrict the president. Bodies such as the War Claims Commission, the Interstate Commerce Commission and the Federal Trade Commission—all quasi-judicial—often have direct Congressional oversight.
Born in Santiago del Estero, Ramón Carrillo attended the University of Buenos Aires and obtained a degree in Medicine in 1929 with a Gold Medal as best student in his class.
J. Percy Priest Dam is a dam in north central Tennessee at river mile 6.8 of the Stones River, a tributary of the Cumberland. It is located about ten miles (16 km) east of downtown Nashville. The reservoir behind the dam is Percy Priest Lake. It is one of four major flood control reservoirs for the Cumberland; the others being Wolf Creek Dam, Dale Hollow Dam, and Center Hill Dam.
Jepson was educated at St Paul's School, London and the Sorbonne. He served in the Tank Corps during World War I and in the Special Operations Executive (SOE) in World War II.
Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American comedy-drama road film and the directorial debut of the husband-wife team of Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris. The screenplay was written by first-time writer Michael Arndt. The film stars Greg Kinnear, Steve Carell, Toni Collette, Paul Dano, Abigail Breslin, and Alan Arkin, and was produced by Big Beach Films on a budget of US$8 million. Filming began on June 6, 2005 and took place over 30 days in Arizona and Southern California.
Zarqa Governorate (Arabic "محافظة الزرقاء" "Muħāfazat az-Zarqāʔ", local dialects "ez-Zergā" or "ez-Zer'a") is the third largest governorate in Jordan by population. The capital of Zarqa governorate is Zarqa City, which is the largest city in the governorate. It is located east of the Jordanian capital Amman. The second largest city in the governorate is Russeifa.
Season Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired 12 June 30, 2013 (2013 - 06 - 30) September 22, 2013 (2013 - 09 - 22) 12 July 13, 2014 (2014 - 07 - 13) September 28, 2014 (2014 - 09 - 28) 12 July 12, 2015 (2015 - 07 - 12) September 27, 2015 (2015 - 09 - 27) 12 June 26, 2016 (2016 - 06 - 26) September 18, 2016 (2016 - 09 - 18) 5 12 August 6, 2017 (2017 - 08 - 06) October 29, 2017 (2017 - 10 - 29)
Eva Ionesco (born 18 July 1965) is a French actress, film director and screenwriter. She is the daughter of Romanian-French photographer Irina Ionesco and came to international prominence as a child after being featured in her mother's works.
Jay Johnston (born October 22, 1968) is an American actor and comedian best known for his work as a writer and cast member on the HBO sketch comedy series "Mr. Show" and for playing the role of Officer Jay McPherson on "The Sarah Silverman Program".
Jam Hsiao Self Titled Album () is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Jam Hsiao's () debut Mandarin solo studio album. It was released on 16 June 2008 by Warner Music Taiwan.
Body Talk Pt. 2 is the sixth studio album by Swedish recording artist Robyn. It was released on 6 September 2010, by Konichiwa Records. The album is the second part of the "Body Talk" trilogy, which consists of three mini-albums, all released during 2010. Robyn started working on songs for the album when "Body Talk Pt. 1" (2010) was still in development, and she collaborated with Klas Åhlund, Kleerup, Savage Skulls, Diplo, Snoop Dogg and Niggaracci. Musically, the songs on "Body Talk Pt. 2" are upbeat and a mixture between electro, house, hip hop and disco.
The Affordable Health Care for America Act (or HR 3962) was a bill that was crafted by the United States House of Representatives in October 29th of 2009. It never became law as originally drafted. At the encouragement of the Obama administration, the 111th Congress devoted much of its time to enacting reform of the United States' health care system. Known as the ``House bill '', HR 3962 was the House of Representatives' chief legislative proposal during the health reform debate.
The Naches River is a tributary of the Yakima River in central Washington in the United States. Beginning as the Little Naches River, it is about 75 miles (121 km) long. After the confluence of the Little Naches and Bumping River the name becomes simply the Naches River. The Naches and its tributaries drain a portion of the eastern side of the Cascade Range, east of Mount Rainier and northeast of Mount Adams. In terms of discharge, the Naches River is the largest tributary of the Yakima River.
Saint Mars sur la Futaie is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France. It is notable as the site of the oldest known tree in France, a Hawthorn growing alongside the church, and reputedly planted in the 3rd century.
Hyderabad's role in the pearl trade has given it the name "City of Pearls" and up until the 18th century, the city was also the only global trading centre for large diamonds. Industrialisation began under the Nizams in the late 19th century, helped by railway expansion that connected the city with major ports. From the 1950s to the 1970s, Indian enterprises, such as Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), Nuclear Fuel Complex (NFC), National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC), Bharat Electronics (BEL), Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL), Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology (CCMB), Centre for DNA Fingerprinting and Diagnostics (CDFD), State Bank of Hyderabad (SBH) and Andhra Bank (AB) were established in the city. The city is home to Hyderabad Securities formerly known as Hyderabad Stock Exchange (HSE), and houses the regional office of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). In 2013, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) facility in Hyderabad was forecast to provide operations and transactions services to BSE-Mumbai by the end of 2014. The growth of the financial services sector has helped Hyderabad evolve from a traditional manufacturing city to a cosmopolitan industrial service centre. Since the 1990s, the growth of information technology (IT), IT-enabled services (ITES), insurance and financial institutions has expanded the service sector, and these primary economic activities have boosted the ancillary sectors of trade and commerce, transport, storage, communication, real estate and retail.
The Bahamas has an estimated population of 391,232, of which 25.9% are under 14, 67.2% 15 to 64 and 6.9% over 65. It has a population growth rate of 0.925% (2010), with a birth rate of 17.81 / 1,000 population, death rate of 9.35 / 1,000, and net migration rate of − 2.13 migrant (s) / 1,000 population. The infant mortality rate is 23.21 deaths / 1,000 live births. Residents have a life expectancy at birth of 69.87 years: 73.49 years for females, 66.32 years for males. The total fertility rate is 2.0 children born / woman (2010).
It focuses on Belgradian Jews from the 2nd century until World War II, encompassing the lives of Jews who lived in Serbia and Yugoslavia. There is a predominance of memorial displays as well as a large collection of documents and photographs which attest to the Holocaust in which many Jewish families were totally decimated.
Although the ECB is governed by European law directly and thus not by corporate law applying to private law companies, its set-up resembles that of a corporation in the sense that the ECB has shareholders and stock capital. Its capital is five billion euros which is held by the national central banks of the member states as shareholders. The initial capital allocation key was determined in 1998 on the basis of the states' population and GDP, but the key is adjustable. Shares in the ECB are not transferable and cannot be used as collateral.
Unhappy with this change of policy by the Portuguese government, Napoleon sent an army to invade Portugal. On 17 October 1807, 24,000 French troops under General Junot crossed the Pyrenees with Spanish cooperation and headed towards Portugal to enforce Napoleon's orders. This attack was the first step in what would eventually become the Peninsular War, a six-year struggle that significantly sapped French strength. Throughout the winter of 1808, French agents became increasingly involved in Spanish internal affairs, attempting to incite discord between members of the Spanish royal family. On 16 February 1808, secret French machinations finally materialized when Napoleon announced that he would intervene to mediate between the rival political factions in the country. Marshal Murat led 120,000 troops into Spain and the French arrived in Madrid on 24 March, where wild riots against the occupation erupted just a few weeks later. Napoleon appointed his brother, Joseph Bonaparte, as the new King of Spain in the summer of 1808. The appointment enraged a heavily religious and conservative Spanish population. Resistance to French aggression soon spread throughout the country. The shocking French defeat at the Battle of Bailén in July gave hope to Napoleon's enemies and partly persuaded the French emperor to intervene in person.
After World War II, eastern European countries such as the Soviet Union, Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Romania and Yugoslavia expelled the Germans from their territories. Many of those had inhabited these lands for centuries, developing a unique culture. Germans were also forced to leave the former eastern territories of Germany, which were annexed by Poland (Silesia, Pomerania, parts of Brandenburg and southern part of East Prussia) and the Soviet Union (northern part of East Prussia). Between 12 and 16,5 million ethnic Germans and German citizens were expelled westwards to allied-occupied Germany.
Fizeau -- Foucault apparatus is a term sometimes used to refer to two types of instrument historically used to measure the speed of light. The conflation of the two instrument types arises in part because Hippolyte Fizeau and Léon Foucault had originally been friends and collaborators. They worked together on such projects as using the Daguerreotype process to take images of the Sun between 1843 and 1845 and characterizing absorption bands in the infrared spectrum of sunlight in 1847.
Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is the first film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The film was directed by Jon Favreau, with a screenplay by the writing teams of Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby and Art Marcum and Matt Holloway. It stars Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark / Iron Man, alongside Terrence Howard, Jeff Bridges, Shaun Toub, and Gwyneth Paltrow. In Iron Man, Tony Stark, an industrialist and master engineer, builds a powered exoskeleton and becomes the technologically advanced superhero Iron Man.
Lin Chih-chieh (; born 11 June 1982 in Hualien County, Taiwan) is a Taiwanese professional basketball player of Amis descent. During his career with the Taiwan Beer club of the Super Basketball League (SBL), Lin has won one Regular Season most valuable player (MVP) award, two back-to-back Championship Series MVP awards, and two scoring champion titles. Dubbed "The Beast" (野獸) by local media, Lin is renowned for his ability to boost his team's morale by making sensational plays and is among the most beloved basketball players in Taiwan.
The United States of America (USA), commonly known as the United States (U.S.) or America, is a federal republic composed of 50 states, a federal district, five major self - governing territories, and various possessions. At 3.8 million square miles (9.8 million km) and with over 325 million people, the United States is the world's third - or fourth - largest country by total area and the third-most populous. The capital is Washington, D.C., and the largest city by population is New York City. Forty - eight states and the capital's federal district are contiguous and located in North America between Canada and Mexico. The state of Alaska is in the northwest corner of North America, bordered by Canada to the east and across the Bering Strait from Russia to the west. The state of Hawaii is an archipelago in the mid-Pacific Ocean. The U.S. territories are scattered about the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, stretching across nine official time zones. The extremely diverse geography, climate, and wildlife of the United States make it one of the world's 17 megadiverse countries.
Lindum Valley is an ice-filled valley that opens northward to Hatherton Glacier, lying west-northwest of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range, Antarctica. It was named in association with Britannia by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by Michael Selby, "Lindum" being an old Roman placename for present-day Lincoln, England.
Gursken is a village in the municipality of Sande in Møre og Romsdal county in the western part of Norway. The village is situated on Gurskøya island in the southwestern part of Møre og Romsdal. Gursken Church is located here. Neighboring villages are Gjerdsvika and Larsnes. The former Norwegian football player Jan Åge Fjørtoft hails from Gursken.
The European Journal of Human Genetics is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the Nature Publishing Group on behalf of the European Society of Human Genetics. It covers all aspects of human genetics.
The Devil-Stone is a 1917 American silent romance film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and co-written by his mother Beatrice deMille  and his sometime lover Jeanie MacPherson and starring Geraldine Farrar. The film had sequences filmed in the Handschiegl Color Process (billed as the "DeMille-Wyckoff Process").
The Potsdam Conference (German: Potsdamer Konferenz) was held at Cecilienhof, the home of Crown Prince Wilhelm, in Potsdam, occupied Germany, from 17 July to 2 August 1945. (In some older documents it is also referred to as the Berlin Conference of the Three Heads of Government of the USSR, USA and UK.) Participants were the Soviet Union, the United Kingdom, and the United States. The three powers were represented by Communist Party General Secretary Joseph Stalin, Prime Ministers Winston Churchill and, later, Clement Attlee, and President Harry S. Truman.
Sally Anne Struthers (born July 28, 1947) is an American actress, voice artist, spokeswoman and activist. She played the roles of Gloria Stivic, the daughter of Archie and Edith Bunker (played by Carroll O'Connor and Jean Stapleton) on All in the Family, for which she won two Emmy awards, and Babette on Gilmore Girls. She was the voice of Charlene Sinclair on the ABC sitcom Dinosaurs and Rebecca Cunningham on the Disney animated series TaleSpin.
Jamie M. Gold (born August 25, 1969) is an American television producer, a talent agent, and poker player, based in Malibu, California. He is known for winning the 2006 World Series of Poker (WSOP) Main Event and currently divides his time between his activities as president of production for the entertainment company, Buzznation and poker competition, primarily major tournaments. His 2006 WSOP victory is the fourth largest single payout in poker tournament history.
In 2011 the Pact for San Marino government collapsed, causing the disbandment of its component lists. We Sanmarinese, now a fully free party, decided to accept a federative pact with the Sammarinese Christian Democratic Party, entering into a new government of national unity. NS run in the Sanmarinese election of 2012 as party of the ultimately victorious PDCS.
It has been an unbroken convention for decades now, to appoint the senior-most judge of the supreme court as the CJI.
Kera is a station on the VR commuter rail network located in Karamalmi, a district of the city of Espoo in Finland. It is situated between stations Kilo railway station and Kauniainen railway station. It is located about to the northwest/west of Helsinki Central railway station.
The Assut de l'Or Bridge (Valencian: "Pont de l'Assut de l'Or", Spanish: "Puente de la Presa del Oro") is a white single-pylon cable-stayed bridge in Valencia, Spain designed by Valencian architect and civil engineer Santiago Calatrava and completed in December 2008. The name "l'Assut de l'Or" is Valencian for "the Dam of the Gold" and refers to a dam that was located nearby, although locally it is referred to as "El Jamonero" (The Ham Holder) or "Pont de l'Arpa", Spanish: "Puente del Arpa" (The Harp Bridge). Calatrava called it the Serreria Bridge.
Land's End to John o 'Groats is the traversal of the whole length of the island of Great Britain between two extremities; in the southwest and northeast. The traditional distance by road is 874 miles (1,407 km) and takes most cyclists ten to fourteen days; the record for running the route is nine days. Off - road walkers typically walk about 1,200 miles (1,900 km) and take two or three months for the expedition. Two much - photographed signposts indicate the traditional distance at each end.
More Blues and the Abstract Truth is an album by American jazz composer, conductor and arranger Oliver Nelson featuring performances recorded in 1964 for the Impulse! label.
The southern side of Miami includes Coral Way, The Roads and Coconut Grove. Coral Way is a historic residential neighborhood built in 1922 connecting Downtown with Coral Gables, and is home to many old homes and tree-lined streets. Coconut Grove was established in 1825 and is the location of Miami's City Hall in Dinner Key, the Coconut Grove Playhouse, CocoWalk, many nightclubs, bars, restaurants and bohemian shops, and as such, is very popular with local college students. It is a historic neighborhood with narrow, winding roads, and a heavy tree canopy. Coconut Grove has many parks and gardens such as Villa Vizcaya, The Kampong, The Barnacle Historic State Park, and is the home of the Coconut Grove Convention Center and numerous historic homes and estates.
"Chef Goes Nanners" is the seventh episode of the fourth season of the animated television series "South Park", and the 55th episode of the series overall. "Chef Goes Nanners" originally aired in the United States on Comedy Central on July 5, 2000.
Gladys Fries Harriman (1896–1983) was an American philanthropist, equestrian and big game hunter. She was an executive at the American Red Cross. She became one of the first female equestrian drivers and big game hunters.
Edward Burleson (December 15, 1798 – December 26, 1851) was the third Vice President of the Republic of Texas. After Texas was annexed to the United States, he served in the State Senate. Prior to his government service in Texas, he was a commander of Texian Army forces during the Texas Revolution. Before moving to Texas, he served in militias in Alabama, Missouri, and Tennessee, and fought in the War of 1812. Burleson was the soldier that was given Santa Anna's sword when he surrendered.
WNFL (1440 AM) is an American all-sports radio station located in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The station is locally owned and operated by Midwest Communications, which owns six other stations in Northeast Wisconsin. WNFL is an affiliate of Fox Sports Radio, carrying much of their line-up. It airs one minute news updates from CBS at approximately 45 minutes past the hour. In addition to the station's sports-talk offerings, WNFL airs Milwaukee Bucks basketball play-by-play and local high school football and basketball games. Milwaukee Brewers baseball games during the work week are also on WNFL, with night and weekend games on sister station WTAQ.
Aikenhead's Hardware was a chain of Canadian hardware stores located in Greater Toronto, Southern Ontario and northern Ontario. The original store was founded in Toronto in 1830 as "Ridout's Hardware Store" by Joseph Ridout and was located on the corner of King Street and Yonge Street.
Nalla is a 2004 Kannada romance-drama film directed by V. Nagendra Prasad featuring Sudeep and Sangeetha in the lead roles. The film features background score and soundtrack composed by Venkat Narayan and lyrics by V. Nagendra Prasad. The film released on 12 November 2004. This movie was dubbed in Hindi as "Aur Ek Diljala" This is a remake of 1982 Tamil movie "Moondram Pirai" which itself was loosely based on "City Lights".
The Abrahamic religions, also referred to collectively as Abrahamism, are a group of Semitic - originated religious communities of faith that claim descent from the practices of the ancient Israelites and the worship of the God of Abraham. The term derives from a figure from the Bible known as Abraham. Abrahamic religion was able to spread globally through Christianity being adopted by the Roman Empire in the 4th century and the Islamic Empire from the 7th century onward. As a consequence, today the Abrahamic religions are one of the major divisions in comparative religion (along with Indian, Iranian, and East Asian religions). Judaism, Christianity, and Islam are the largest Abrahamic religions in terms of numbers of adherents.
Pollock is located in southeastern Grant Parish at 31 ° 31 ′ 29 ''N 92 ° 24 ′ 32'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 31.52472 ° N 92.40889 ° W ﻿ / 31.52472; - 92.40889 (31.524760, - 92.408866) and has an elevation of 118 feet (36.0 m). U.S. Route 165 is the main highway through the town, leading north 16 miles (26 km) to Georgetown and south 16 miles to Alexandria. According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 1.3 square miles (3.3 km), all land.
Pam's breastfeeding does not go well, and though a male lactation consultant (Lee Kirk, Jenna Fischer's husband, and at that time Jenna's fiance) is summoned to provide apparently successful coaching, Cecelia still fails to ``latch ''properly. Against the advice of the nurse, Jim and Pam opt to have Cecelia spend the night with them instead of in the nursery, and they are kept up long hours tending to her. A sleep - deprived Pam accidentally nurses a baby that belongs to a new mom (Melissa Rauch) in the same hospital room. As Jim and Pam get ready to leave the hospital, Pam manages to breast feed Cecelia while Jim gets the car (which is littered with parking tickets, thanks to Michael parking the car in an ambulance only zone).
A Theory of Fun for Game Design is a book written and illustrated by Raph Koster. It is based upon a presentation Koster gave at the Austin Game Conference in 2003, and the book reflects its origins by displaying text on one page and a cartoon/graphic from the talk on the other page.
Theodore Evelyn Mosby is a fictional character and the main protagonist in the U.S. television sitcom How I Met Your Mother, portrayed by Josh Radnor. Ted also serves as the show's narrator from the future, voiced by Bob Saget, as he tells his children the ``long version ''of how he met their mother.
Thane to the Throne is the fifth studio album released by American power metal band Jag Panzer, released in 2000. It is a concept album based on William Shakespeare's Macbeth.
Ocala (/ oʊ ˈkælə / oh - KAL - ə) is a city located in Northern Florida. As of the 2013 census, its population, estimated by the United States Census Bureau, was 57,468, making it the 45th most populated city in Florida.
The most obvious link between modern and ancient Greeks is their language, which has a documented tradition from at least the 14th century BC to the present day, albeit with a break during the Greek Dark Ages (lasting from the 11th to the 8th century BC). Scholars compare its continuity of tradition to Chinese alone. Since its inception, Hellenism was primarily a matter of common culture and the national continuity of the Greek world is a lot more certain than its demographic. Yet, Hellenism also embodied an ancestral dimension through aspects of Athenian literature that developed and influenced ideas of descent based on autochthony. During the later years of the Eastern Roman Empire, areas such as Ionia and Constantinople experienced a Hellenic revival in language, philosophy, and literature and on classical models of thought and scholarship. This revival provided a powerful impetus to the sense of cultural affinity with ancient Greece and its classical heritage. The cultural changes undergone by the Greeks are, despite a surviving common sense of ethnicity, undeniable. At the same time, the Greeks have retained their language and alphabet, certain values and cultural traditions, customs, a sense of religious and cultural difference and exclusion, (the word barbarian was used by 12th-century historian Anna Komnene to describe non-Greek speakers), a sense of Greek identity and common sense of ethnicity despite the global political and social changes of the past two millennia.
Portland-Simonds is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada. It was originally created for the 1995 provincial election as Saint John Portland and its boundaries were altered slightly in 2006. It in the 2013 redrawing of boundaries its boundaries were moved significantly southward into territory previously part of Saint John East; though the boundaries commission did not recommend a name change, a committee of the legislative assembly later voted to change the name to Portland-Simonds.
The plot follows the Christmas holiday misadventures of the Stone family in a small New England town when the eldest son, played by Mulroney, brings his uptight girlfriend (played by Parker) home with the intention of proposing to her with a cherished heirloom ring. Overwhelmed by the hostile reception, she begs her sister to join her for emotional support, triggering further complications.
Reagan Gomez - Preston plays Roberta Tubbs, the stepdaughter of Cleveland. Gomez has stated that she uses her own voice to portray Roberta, and that she herself gets mistaken for a fifteen - year - old over the phone ``all the time. ''Before Gomez was cast as Roberta, Nia Long (who co-starred with Lathan in The Best Man franchise) provided the character's voice during the first thirteen episodes. According to Long, she was replaced because producers decided they wanted an actress with a younger - sounding voice, given that the character is a teenager.
The Urzarsaiskoye mine is a large open pit mine located in the eastern part of Russia in Siberia. Urzarsaiskoye represents one of the largest tungsten reserves in Russia having estimated reserves of 90.9 million tonnes of ore grading 0.11% tungsten.
The Battle of Domstadtl, also spelled Domstadt, Czech Domašov, was a battle between Habsburg Monarchy and Kingdom of Prussia at a Moravian village Domašov nad Bystřicí during the Third Silesian War (part of the Seven Years' War) on 30 June 1758, preceded by a minor clash at Guntramovice (Gundersdorf) on 28 June. Austrians under the command of Major General Ernst Gideon von Laudon and Major General Joseph von Siskovits attacked and destroyed a supply convoy bound for the Prussian army besieging Olomouc (Olmütz). The Austrian victory saved the city and the Prussian King Frederick the Great was forced to leave Moravia.
Ben Castle (born 1973) is a British jazz musician, the younger son of television presenter and entertainer Roy Castle (1932–1994) and his wife Fiona (born 1940). He placed first in the Jazz category of the 2003 International Songwriting Competition with his song "The Heckler".
Jumeira Beach is a white sand beach that is located and named after the Jumeirah district of Dubai, on the coast of the Persian Gulf. It stretches along the coast south of the city's historic district to the junction with The Palm Jumeirah and terminates between the southern end of the Jumeirah Beach Residence (adjacent to the Dubai Marina district) and the port facilities at Jebel Ali.
Beethoven is an American animated television series loosely based on the 1992 motion picture of the same name. The series was produced by Northern Lights Entertainment, Universal Cartoon Studios and Universal Television, and aired for one season (1994–1995) on CBS, with 26 fifteen-minute episodes produced. Dean Jones, who played Dr. Varnick in the movie, voiced the role of George Newton; Nicholle Tom, who played teenage daughter Ryce in the movie and Beethoven's 2nd, was the only cast member from the films to reprise her role in the series.
Henbury Meteorites Conservation Reserve is a protected area in the Northern Territory of Australia located in the locality of Ghan.
Knight Rider is a racing video game for the Nintendo Entertainment System that is very loosely based on the television show of the same name.
Luke Kleintank (born May 18, 1990) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Noah Newman on The Young and the Restless and Joe Blake in The Man in the High Castle.
The 2007 UCI Road World Championships took place in Stuttgart, Germany, between September 25 and September 30, 2007. The event consisted of a road race and a time trial for men, women and men under 23. Italian Paolo Bettini and Swiss Fabian Cancellara both won their second world championships in a row in the elite men's road race and time trial respectively.
William Shakespeare (/ ˈʃeɪkspɪər /; 26 April 1564 (baptised) -- 23 April 1616) was an English poet, playwright and actor, widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world's pre-eminent dramatist. He is often called England's national poet and the ``Bard of Avon ''. His extant works, including collaborations, consist of approximately 39 plays, 154 sonnets, two long narrative poems and a few other verses, some of uncertain authorship. His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright.
The Battle of Trenton was a small but pivotal battle during the American Revolutionary War which took place on the morning of December 26, 1776, in Trenton, New Jersey. After General George Washington's crossing of the Delaware River north of Trenton the previous night, Washington led the main body of the Continental Army against Hessian soldiers garrisoned at Trenton. After a brief battle, nearly the entire Hessian force was captured, with negligible losses to the Americans. The battle significantly boosted the Continental Army's flagging morale, and inspired re-enlistments.
The Cincinnati Bearcats football team represents the University of Cincinnati in the East Division of the American Athletic Conference (AAC), competing as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS). The program has had 39 head coaches and three interim coaches during its existence, as well as one stint with no coach and two periods with the program on hiatus. The Bearcats have been participating in college football since the 1885 season and were one of the first schools currently in the FBS to sponsor a football program. Luke Fickell is the current head coach; he replaced Tommy Tuberville following the latter's resignation at the end of the 2016 season.
Richard Howland Hunt (14 March 1862 — 12 July 1931) was an American architect and member of the notable Hunt family of Vermont, who worked in partnership with his brother Joseph Howland Hunt (1870 — 11 October 1924) in New York City, as Hunt & Hunt. The brothers were sons of the first American Beaux-Arts architect, Richard Morris Hunt (1827–1895). Richard practiced in his father's office until the elder Hunt's death in July 1895, and continued, not without initial resistance on the part of trustees, to carry out his father's designs for the central block of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. After a brief interval, the brothers formed a partnership in 1901 that was only terminated by Joseph's death in 1924.
The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960. With members John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr, they became widely regarded as the foremost and most influential act of the rock era. Rooted in skiffle, beat and 1950s rock and roll, the Beatles later experimented with several musical styles, ranging from pop ballads and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock, often incorporating classical elements and unconventional recording techniques in innovative ways. In 1963 their enormous popularity first emerged as ``Beatlemania ''; as the group's music grew in sophistication, led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney, the band were integral to pop music's development into an art form and came to be perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s.
Ban Kenpha is a village in Houaphanh Province, northeastern Laos. It is to the northeast of Vieng Kham, not far from Muang Xon.
Spider Solitaire, also known as Microsoft Spider Solitaire (Spider in the About box in some versions), is a solitaire card game that is included in Microsoft Windows. It is a version of Spider. , it was the most played game on Windows PCs, surpassing the shorter and less challenging Klondike-based Windows Solitaire.
John Krasinski as Jack Ryan, an analyst working for the Central Intelligence Agency. Krasinski's interpretation of the character is said to be inspired by Ford's portrayal in Patriot Games and Clear and Present Danger. Director and executive producer Daniel Sackheim said: ``What was so great about the Harrison Ford movies was that they were about an everyman hero. He was a guy who was n't a superhero. He was heroic, but he was vulnerable. He was n't afraid to be scared. He was a regular man and a hero. ''
She was born in New York City, the eldest daughter of Eugene Meyer (1875–1959), future publisher of the Washington Post, and Agnes Elizabeth (Ernst) Meyer (1887–1970). Her younger sister was the future Washington Post publisher Katharine Graham. Her father was Jewish and her mother was Lutheran, from a family of German descent. Along with her four siblings, she was baptized as a Lutheran but attended an Episcopal church.
Portuguese is the official language of Portugal. Portuguese is a Romance language that originated in what is now Galicia and Northern Portugal, originating from Galician-Portuguese, which was the common language of the Galician and Portuguese people until the independence of Portugal. Particularly in the North of Portugal, there are still many similarities between the Galician culture and the Portuguese culture. Galicia is a consultative observer of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries. According to the Ethnologue of Languages, Portuguese and Spanish have a lexical similarity of 89% - educated speakers of each language can communicate easily with one another.
Gavin Bradley is an award-winning Canadian singer-songwriter and producer based in Toronto who has worked with artists like Nelly Furtado, Tori Amos and Jane Siberry. Fusing acoustic and electronic elements, his work is identifiable for its signature "warm" piano sound and live strings mixed with filtered synthesizers and other electronic manipulations . Besides production, Bradley is a solo recording artist. His debut album 'Deep Freeze' was released on UMI Records in 2006.
Plenty, Plenty Soul is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1957 and released on the Atlantic label.
Katzenstein Castle is one of the oldest remaining Hohenstaufen castles in Germany. It is located in a borough that shares its name with the castle in the Dischingen municipality of the Heidenheim district of Baden-Württemberg. The castle is open to visitors and contains several dining rooms as well as hotel rooms.
Ko Yong-hui (; 26 June 1952 – 13 August 2004), also spelled Ko Young-hee, was the North Korean supreme leader Kim Jong-il's consort and the mother of North Korea's current leader, Kim Jong-un. Within North Korea she is only referred to by titles, such as "The Respected Mother who is the Most Faithful and Loyal 'Subject' to the Dear Leader Comrade Supreme Commander", "The Mother of Pyongyang", and "The Mother of Great Songun Korea."
Sidney is a philosophical novel by the American writer Margaret Deland (1857–1945) set in the 19th century fictional locale of Mercer, an Ohio River community that represents Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Robert Wesley (Bob) Steele (March 29, 1894 in Cassburn, Ontario – January 27, 1962 in Ocala, Florida) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in 4 seasons. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1916–1917, the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1917–1918 and the New York Giants in 1918–1919.
In an interview with Bill Maher, Jay - Z stated that this song was actually inspired by three different relationships he had in the past, and he wrote about his different experiences all together in different verses.
The Universal Film Manufacturing Company was incorporated in New York on April 30, 1912. Laemmle, who emerged as president in July 1912, was the primary figure in the partnership with Dintenfass, Baumann, Kessel, Powers, Swanson, Horsley, and Brulatour. Eventually all would be bought out by Laemmle. The new Universal studio was a vertically integrated company, with movie production, distribution and exhibition venues all linked in the same corporate entity, the central element of the Studio system era.
"I Said a Prayer" is a song written by Leslie Satcher, and recorded by American country music artist Pam Tillis. It was released in May 1998 as the first single from the album "Every Time". The song reached #12 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.
In 1964 at a Catholic church in The Bronx, New York Father Flynn gives a sermon on the nature of doubt, noting that like faith, doubt can be a unifying force. Sister Aloysius, the strict principal of the parish school, becomes concerned when she sees a boy pull away from Father Flynn in the school courtyard. At dinner, she asks her fellow nuns if they know why Father Flynn would preach about doubt, and instructs them to be alert to a possible problem in the school.
Lieutenant General Sir Henry Pottinger, 1st Baronet, GCB, PC (Chinese: 砵甸乍; 3 October 1789 – 18 March 1856), was an Anglo-Irish soldier and colonial administrator who became the first Governor of Hong Kong.
Jeffrey Black (born 1962 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian opera singer. He studied singing at the Queensland Conservatorium of Music, and appeared in many of the operas staged by the Conservatorium students and post-graduate students, including appearing in the role of "Figaro", as a first year opera student, in the Conservatorium's 1981 production of "The Marriage of Figaro", at the Basil Jones Theatre (now called the QUT Gardens Theatre).
Caterina Mancini (10 November 1924 – 21 January 2011) was an Italian dramatic coloratura soprano, primarily active in Italy in the 1950s.
The new head of state, Ibrahim Babangida, declared himself president and commander in chief of the armed forces and the ruling Supreme Military Council. He set 1990 as the official deadline for a return to democratic governance. Babangida's tenure was marked by a flurry of political activity: he instituted the International Monetary Fund's Structural Adjustment Program (SAP) to aid in the repayment of the country's crushing international debt, which most federal revenue was dedicated to servicing. He enrolled Nigeria in the Organisation of the Islamic Conference, which aggravated religious tensions in the country.
Nissene på låven is a Nordic Christmas calendar that aired on TVNorge in 2001, and is a spoof of reality TV.
Clara Edwards (originally Bertha Edwards, Bertha Johnson and then Clara Johnson) is a fictional character on the American television sitcom The Andy Griffith Show (1960 -- 1968). Clara was portrayed by actress Hope Summers.
Charlie Chuck Charlie Chuck in 2002; photo by John Fleming Medium stand - up Nationality English Notable works and roles' Uncle Peter 'in' The Smell of Reeves & Mortimer 'Website http://charliechuckslaughterlounge.com
Bloomingdale is an unincorporated census-designated place in Hillsborough County, Florida, United States. The population was 22,711 at the 2010 census. The ZIP Codes serving the community are 33511 (which is addressed to Brandon) and 33596 (which is addressed to Valrico).
Sinebrychoff Brewery is a Finnish brewery and soft drinks company. It was founded in 1819 in Helsinki, Finland by Russian merchant Nikolai Sinebrychoff (), and it is one of the largest breweries in Finland today. By the end of 1999 the ownership of the company was completely transferred to Carlsberg Breweries A/S.
Three community college districts exist with campuses in and around Houston. The Houston Community College System serves most of Houston. The northwestern through northeastern parts of the city are served by various campuses of the Lone Star College System, while the southeastern portion of Houston is served by San Jacinto College, and a northeastern portion is served by Lee College. The Houston Community College and Lone Star College systems are within the 10 largest institutions of higher learning in the United States.
CKNR-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts an adult contemporary format at 94.1 MHz in Elliot Lake, Ontario. The station uses the on-air brand "Moose FM".
Schweppes Cola is a brand of cola produced by Schweppes. It was, at first, available mainly in Australia, but it was eventually made available around the world. The taste is similar to the now-defunct Count Cola. The product was widely available in supermarkets & small take-away food outlets. In Australia, the product was discontinued when Schweppes obtained a license to produce Pepsi products in Australia. Schweppes Cola is currently owned and distributed by Dr Pepper Snapple Group. Today, the product can be found in Canada and other countries.
Salma Hayek as Roxanne Feder Jake Goldberg as Greg Feder Cameron Boyce as Keith Feder Alexys Nicole Sanchez as Becky Feder
Chattanooga is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee, with a population of 177,571 in 2016. The fourth - largest Tennessee city, it is the seat of Hamilton County. Located in southeastern Tennessee, on the Tennessee River, served by multiple railroads and Interstate highways, Chattanooga is a transit hub. Chattanooga lies 120 miles (190 km) northwest of Atlanta, Georgia, 120 miles (190 km) southwest of Knoxville, Tennessee, 135 miles (217 km) southeast of Nashville, Tennessee, 120 miles (190 km) northeast of Huntsville, Alabama, and 148 miles (238 km) northeast of Birmingham, Alabama.
The Iliad (/ ˈɪliəd /; Ancient Greek: Ἰλιάς Iliás, pronounced (iː.li. ás) in Classical Attic; sometimes referred to as the Song of Ilion or Song of Ilium) is an ancient Greek epic poem in dactylic hexameter, traditionally attributed to Homer. Set during the Trojan War, the ten - year siege of the city of Troy (Ilium) by a coalition of Greek states, it tells of the battles and events during the weeks of a quarrel between King Agamemnon and the warrior Achilles.
Darlings of the Gods is a 1989 Australian mini series about the 1948 trip to Australia by Laurence Olivier and Vivien Leigh and the Old Vic Company, where Olivier and Leigh met Peter Finch.
Krasnovishersky District () is an administrative district (raion) of Perm Krai, Russia; one of the thirty-three in the krai. Municipally, it is incorporated as Krasnovishersky Municipal District. It is located in the northeast of the krai, in the valley of the Vishera River, and borders with the Komi Republic in the north, Sverdlovsk Oblast in the east, Cherdynsky District in the west, Solikamsky District in the south, and with the territory of the town of krai significance of Alexandrovsk in the southeast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Krasnovishersk. Population: The population of Krasnovishersk accounts for 71.4% of the district's total population.
Hampton Falls (formerly the Third Parish and Hampton falls) is a New England town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 2,236 at the 2010 census.
The author of this famous pamphlet was Chaudhary Rahmat Ali (16 November 1897 -- 3 February 1951), a Muslim nationalist from Punjab, who was one of the earliest proponents of the creation of the state of Pakistan. He is credited with creating the name ``Pakistan ''for a separate Muslim homeland from Presidencies and provinces of British India. He propagated the Scheme of Pakistan with a missionary zeal since its inception in 1933. He also later founded the Pakistan National Movement to propagate his ideas. Being a political thinker and an idealist, wanted more than for accepting a smaller Pakistan in 1947 and save every Indian Muslim from the so - called`` Hindu domination''.
XXI Commonwealth Games Logo of 2018 Commonwealth Games Host city Gold Coast, Queensland Country Australia Motto Share the Dream Nations participating 71 Commonwealth Teams Athletes participating 4,426 Events 275 in 19 sports Opening ceremony 4 April Closing ceremony 15 April Officially opened by Charles, Prince of Wales Officially closed by Edward, Earl of Wessex Athlete's Oath Karen Murphy Queen's Baton Final Runner Sally Pearson Main venue Carrara Stadium Website GC2018.com < XX XXII >
The Last Savage is an opera in three acts by composer Gian Carlo Menotti. Menotti wrote his own libretto, originally in the Italian language ("L'ultimo selvaggio"). The opera was translated into French ("Le dernier sauvage") by Jean-Pierre Marty for the work's first (private) performance at the Opéra-Comique in Paris on 21 October 1963, followed the next day by the public premiere. George Mead translated the work into English for the opera's American premiere at the Metropolitan Opera the following year.
Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series Awarded for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series Country United States Presented by Academy of Television Arts & Sciences First awarded 1954 Currently held by John Lithgow, The Crown (2017) Website emmys.com
Every team which had a player hit two grand slams won their milestone games. These games have resulted in other single - game MLB records being set due to the extreme offensive performance. Lazzeri, for example, proceeded to hit a third home run in the game and finished with a total of eleven runs batted in, an American League record. Fernando Tatís became the only player to hit two grand slams in the same inning, when he attained the milestone, slugging two in the third inning for the St. Louis Cardinals on April 23, 1999. In achieving the feat, he also set a new major league record with eight runs batted in a single inning.
Pocahontas is a 1995 American animated musical romantic drama film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation for Walt Disney Pictures, the 33rd Disney animated feature film. Directed by Mike Gabriel and Eric Goldberg, the film is inspired by the Native American woman Pocahontas, and portrays a fictionalized account of her historical encounter with Englishman John Smith and the Jamestown settlers that arrived from the Virginia Company. The voice cast stars Irene Bedard and Mel Gibson as Pocahontas and Smith, respectively, with David Ogden Stiers, Russell Means, Christian Bale, Billy Connolly, and Linda Hunt. The musical score was written by Alan Menken, with songs written by Menken and lyricist Stephen Schwartz.
Early Modern English Bible translations are of between about 1500 and 1800, the period of Early Modern English. This, the first major period of Bible translation into the English language, began with the introduction of the Tyndale Bible. The first complete edition of his New Testament was in 1526. Tyndale used the Greek and Hebrew texts of the New Testament (NT) and Old Testament (OT) in addition to Jerome's Latin translation. He was the first translator to use the printing press -- this enabled the distribution of several thousand copies of his New Testament translation throughout England. Tyndale did not complete his Old Testament translation. The first printed English translation of the whole bible was produced by Miles Coverdale in 1535, using Tyndale's work together with his own translations from the Latin Vulgate or German text. After much scholarly debate it is concluded that this was printed in Antwerp and the colophon gives the date as 4th October 1535. This first edition was adapted by Coverdale for his first ``authorised version '', known as the Great Bible, of 1539. Other early printed versions were the Geneva Bible (1560), notable for being the first Bible divided into verses; the Bishop's Bible (1568), which was an attempt by Elizabeth I to create a new authorised version; and the Authorized King James Version of 1611.
A variety of industries benefit from hunting and support hunting on economic grounds. In Tanzania, it is estimated that a safari hunter spends fifty to one hundred times that of the average ecotourist. While the average photo tourist may seek luxury accommodation, the average safari hunter generally stays in tented camps. Safari hunters are also more likely to use remote areas, uninviting to the typical ecotourist. Advocates argue that these hunters allow for anti-poaching activities and revenue for local communities.[citation needed]
One of the highest recorded instrumented Mach numbers attained for a propeller aircraft is the Mach 0.891 for a Spitfire PR XI, flown during dive tests at the Royal Aircraft Establishment, Farnborough in April 1944. The Spitfire, a photo - reconnaissance variant, the Mark XI, fitted with an extended 'rake type' multiple pitot system, was flown by Squadron Leader J.R. Tobin to this speed, corresponding to a corrected true airspeed (TAS) of 606 mph. In a subsequent flight, Squadron Leader Anthony Martindale achieved Mach 0.92, but it ended in a forced landing after over - revving damaged the engine.
Arthur Kroker (born 1945 in Red Rock, Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian author, editor, educator and researcher of political science, technology and culture.
The Comox Valley is a region on the east coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, that includes the city of Courtenay, the town of Comox, the village of Cumberland, and the unincorporated settlements of Royston, Union Bay, Fanny Bay, Black Creek and Merville. The communities of Denman Island and Hornby Island are also considered part of the Comox Valley. The Comox Valley contains the 61st largest metropolitan area in Canada with a population of about 54,000.
Oakwell is a multi-purpose sports development in Barnsley, South Yorkshire, England used primarily by Barnsley Football Club for playing their home fixtures, and those of their reserves.
Jim and Pam marry and have a baby named Cecelia Marie Halpert. Meanwhile, Andy and Erin develop mutual interest in one another, but find their inherent awkwardness inhibits his attempts to ask her out on a date. Rumors of bankruptcy begin to surround Dunder Mifflin, and by Christmas, Wallace announces to the branch that Dunder Mifflin has accepted a buyout from Sabre Corporation, a printer company. While Wallace and other executives are let go, the Scranton office survives due to its relative success within the company, and Michael Scott is now the highest level employee at Dunder Mifflin.  In the season finale, Dwight buys the office park. Michael agrees to make an announcement to the press regarding a case of faulty printers. When Jo Bennet, Sabre CEO, asks how she can repay him, Michael responds that she could bring Holly back to the Scranton branch.
Vivien Leigh (born Vivian Mary Hartley, and also known as Lady Olivier after 1947; 5 November 1913 -- 8 July 1967) was an English stage and film actress. She won two Academy Awards for Best Actress for her iconic performances as Scarlett O'Hara in Gone with the Wind (1939) and Blanche DuBois in the film version of A Streetcar Named Desire (1951), a role she had also played on stage in London's West End in 1949. She also won a Tony Award for her work in the Broadway musical version of Tovarich (1963).
Fuori corso was an Italian sitcom written by Vincenzo Coppola, Ciro Ceruti and Ciro Villano; the latter two of whom starred in the comedy.
Curt Massey sang the Petticoat Junction theme song. The song was composed by Massey and Paul Henning. Flatt and Scruggs recorded a version of the song ``Petticoat Junction ''.
Hello, with that spelling, was used in publications in the US as early as the 18 October 1826 edition of the Norwich Courier of Norwich, Connecticut. Another early use was an 1833 American book called The Sketches and Eccentricities of Col. David Crockett, of West Tennessee, which was reprinted that same year in The London Literary Gazette. The word was extensively used in literature by the 1860s.
Scarlett Johansson portrayed the character in the films Iron Man 2 (2010), The Avengers (2012), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015) and Captain America: Civil War (2016) as a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise.
A True Mob Story is a 1998 Hong Kong crime drama film produced, written and directed by Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau and Gigi Leung.
Archdiocese of Washington Archidioecesis Vashingtonensis Location Country United States Territory District of Columbia plus counties of Montgomery, Prince George's, St. Mary's, Calvert, and Charles in Maryland Ecclesiastical province Washington Statistics Area 2,104 sq mi (5,450 km) Population - Total - Catholics (as of 2014) 2,867,377 630,823 (22.0%) Parishes 139 Information Denomination Roman Catholic Rite Roman Rite Established November 15, 1947 (70 years ago) Cathedral Cathedral of St. Matthew the Apostle Patron saint St. Matthew Current leadership Pope Francis Metropolital Archbishop Cardinal Donald Wuerl Auxiliary Bishops Mario E. Dorsonville Roy Edward Campbell Emeritus Bishops Theodore Edgar Cardinal McCarrick Francisco González Valer Website www.adw.org
Final interpretation of and amendments to the German Constitution, the Grundgesetz, is the task of the Bundesverfassungsgericht (Federal Constitutional Court), which is the de facto highest German court, as it can declare both federal and state legislation ineffective, and has the power to overrule decisions of all other federal courts, despite not being a regular court of appeals on itself in the German court system. It is also the only court possessing the power and authority to outlaw political parties, if it is deemed that these parties have repeatedly violated articles of the Constitution.
Bigfoot is a racing video game released in July 1990 for the Nintendo Entertainment System. It was developed by Beam Software and published by Acclaim. The game was advertised by the legendary monster truck of the same name in the cartoon segment of the 1990 television show, "Video Power", titled "The Power Team". The show also often used sound effects for the actions of not only Bigfoot, but others as well.
Nigeria is often referred to as the "Giant of Africa", owing to its large population and economy. With approximately 182 million inhabitants, Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world. Nigeria has one of the largest populations of youth in the world. The country is viewed as a multinational state, as it is inhabited by over 500 ethnic groups, of which the three largest are the Hausa, Igbo and Yoruba; these ethnic groups speak over 500 different languages, and are identified with wide variety of cultures. The official language is English. Nigeria is divided roughly in half between Christians, who live mostly in the southern part of the country, and Muslims in the northern part. A minority of the population practise religions indigenous to Nigeria, such as those native to Igbo and Yoruba peoples.
The 2018 Major League Baseball season began on March 29, 2018, and is scheduled to end on September 30. The Postseason will begin on October 2. The 2018 World Series is set to begin on October 23, and a potential Game 7 is scheduled on October 31.
Silver's Serenade is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1963 featuring performances by Silver with Blue Mitchell, Junior Cook, Gene Taylor, and Roy Brooks.
The Diablillos mine is a large silver mine located in the north of Argentina in Salta Province. Diablillos represents one of the largest silver reserve in Argentina and in the world having estimated reserves of 77.1 million oz of silver and 0.6 million oz of gold.
ABC Riverina is an ABC Local Radio station based in Wagga Wagga and broadcasting to the Riverina and Murrumbidgee Irrigation Area regions in New South Wales. This includes the towns and cities of Griffith, Goulburn, Leeton and Hay.
In January 2010, YouTube launched an experimental version of the site that used the built-in multimedia capabilities of web browsers supporting the HTML5 standard. This allowed videos to be viewed without requiring Adobe Flash Player or any other plug-in to be installed. The YouTube site had a page that allowed supported browsers to opt into the HTML5 trial. Only browsers that supported HTML5 Video using the H.264 or WebM formats could play the videos, and not all videos on the site were available.
Andy Murray and Jamie Murray were the defending champions but decided to participate at Basel instead. The brothers Bob and Mike Bryan became the new champions, defeating Eric Butorac and Jean-Julien Rojer in the final.
Djenar Maesa Ayu (born 14 January 1973 in Jakarta, Indonesia), also known as Nay, is an Indonesian novelist, short story writer, actress, screenwriter, and filmmaker. Her work has variously been described as "provocative and lurid", and unique and brave. Because of the boldness of the topics she writes about, Djenar is considered to a member of the informal movement labeled sastra wangi.
Yakutiye Medrese is a historical 14th century Madrasa in Erzurum, Turkey. The madrasa was built in 1310 by order of a local governor of the Ilkhanids, Hoca Yakut, and it is named after him.
The sources of the Congo are in the highlands and mountains of the East African Rift, as well as Lake Tanganyika and Lake Mweru, which feed the Lualaba River, which then becomes the Congo below Boyoma Falls. The Chambeshi River in Zambia is generally taken as the source of the Congo in line with the accepted practice worldwide of using the longest tributary, as with the Nile River.
Coquimbito is a rural district in the Maipú Department, Mendoza Province, Argentina. It is located in the southeast of the metropolitan area of Mendoza (the provincial capital), and is administratively part of the municipality of Maipú. The name refers to the Chilean port city of Coquimbo.
Broforce is a side-scrolling run-and-gun platform video game developed by Free Lives and published by Devolver Digital. Development began in April 2012 as a game jam entry and continued with developer and popular support, existing as an Early Access game. The game was released on 15 October 2015 for Microsoft Windows and OS X, and Linux port followed two days later. A PlayStation 4 version was released on 1 March 2016 and a Nintendo Switch port was released on 6 September 2018.
Helen Vlachos was the daughter, and only child, of Georgios Vlachos, who founded "Kathimerini", one of Greece's premier newspapers, in 1919. She worked as a journalist in her father's newspaper and covered the Berlin Olympics in 1936. During World War II, her father refused to cooperate with the Nazi occupation government and closed down "Kathimerini". During the war she worked as a nurse.
From 1901 to 1938 he was head of the prestigious Carlsberg Laboratory, Copenhagen. While working at the Carlsberg Laboratory he studied the effect of ion concentration on proteins, and because the concentration of hydrogen ions was particularly important, he introduced the pH-scale as a simple way of expressing it in 1909. The article in which he introduced the scale (using the notation pH) described two methods for measuring acidity which Sørensen and his students had refined. The first method was based on electrodes, whereas the second involved comparing the colours of samples and a preselected set of indicators.
Knight and Dame of the Order of Australia (AK and AD -- discontinued, original quota of 4 per annum); Companion of the Order of Australia (AC -- quota of 35 per annum); Officer of the Order of Australia (AO -- quota of 140 per annum); Member of the Order of Australia (AM -- quota of 340 per annum); and Medal of the Order of Australia (OAM -- no quota).
The National Car Test (the NCT) was introduced in 2000, since when all cars four years and older must undergo an NCT. The NCT due date is calculated by reference to the date of first registration of the car, with tests due every two years for cars younger than 10 years. Annual Testing was introduced in June 2011 and is now a legal requirement for vehicles that present for their 10th anniversary test and each subsequent test. Vehicles can be inspected up to 90 days in advance of the anniversary of the registration date. The waiting lists have proven to be long, with the 'priority list' taking in excess of a month.
Including Sevastopol and the Autonomous Republic of Crimea that were annexed by the Russian Federation in 2014, Ukraine consists of 27 regions: twenty-four oblasts (provinces), one autonomous republic (Autonomous Republic of Crimea), and two cities of special status – Kiev, the capital, and Sevastopol. The 24 oblasts and Crimea are subdivided into 490 raions (districts) and city municipalities of regional significance, or second-level administrative units. The average area of a Ukrainian raion is 1,200 square kilometres (460 sq mi); the average population of a raion is 52,000 people.Populated places in Ukraine are split into two categories: urban and rural. Urban populated places are split further into cities and urban-type settlements (a Soviet administrative invention), while rural populated places consist of villages and settlements (a generally used term). All cities have certain degree of self-rule depending on their significance such as national significance (as in the case of Kiev and Sevastopol), regional significance (within each oblast or autonomous republic) or district significance (all the rest of cities). City's significance depends on several factors such as its population, socio-economic and historical importance, infrastructure and others.
Pleasant Hill is an unincorporated community in Saline County, Arkansas, United States. Pleasant Hill is north of Benton. The Pleasant Hill Methodist Church, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, is located in Pleasant Hill. Pleasant Hill was established before the Civil War as an agricultural community. The church has historically served as a community center and hosts a community reunion on the third Sunday of July each year.
Stockton Springs is a town in Waldo County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,591 at the 2010 census. Stockton Springs is home to Fort Point State Park and Fort Point Light, both located on Fort Point, a peninsula on Cape Jellison.
During the Middle Ages, shipbuilding became an important industry for the town. Henry V's famous warship HMS Grace Dieu was built in Southampton. Walter Taylor's 18th century mechanisation of the block-making process was a significant step in the Industrial Revolution. From 1904 to 2004, the Thornycroft shipbuilding yard was a major employer in Southampton, building and repairing ships used in the two World Wars.
Trotta is a 1971 West German film directed by Johannes Schaaf. It is based on the 1938 novel "Die Kapuzinergruft" ("The Emperor's Tomb") by Austrian author Joseph Roth. It was chosen as West Germany's official submission to the 45th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, but did not manage to receive a nomination. It was also entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.
Environmental Science & Technology is a biweekly peer-reviewed scientific journal published since 1967 by the American Chemical Society. It covers research in environmental science and environmental technology, including environmental policy. "Environmental Science & Technology" has a sister journal, "Environmental Science & Technology Letters", which publishes short communications.
"Friend Like That" is the first single from Hawk Nelson's third album, "Hawk Nelson Is My Friend". It was released on Christmas Eve of 2007. This song is on the Digital Praise PC game Guitar Praise. This song was appearing by the compilation album WOW Hits 2009 and his regular versions.
A 6'8" forward, Henderson played at the University of Georgia during the 1980s and was selected by the Atlanta Hawks in the second round of the 1986 NBA Draft. He split the 1986-87 NBA season with the Hawks and Milwaukee Bucks, averaging 1.4 points and 1.0 rebounds in 8 games.
Fredrick Brennan (born 1994), also known by the nickname "Hotwheels", is an American software developer with brittle bone disease who founded the imageboard website 8chan.
999 ABC Broken Hill is an ABC Local Radio station based in Broken Hill and broadcasting to the surrounding outback region in New South Wales, including the towns of Menindee, White Cliffs and Silverton.
Julie Dawn Cole (born 26 October 1957) is an English actress who has been active for some 40 years. She began as a child performer in what remains her best - remembered film, 1971's Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, playing the spoiled Veruca Salt. She has two children.
Under the 1977 Constitution of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), the Chairman of the Council of Ministers was the head of government and the Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet was the head of state. The office of the Chairman of the Council of Ministers was comparable to a prime minister in the First World, whereas the office of the Chairman of the Presidium was comparable to a president in the First World. In the Soviet Union's seventy - year history there was no official leader of the Soviet Union office, but during most of that era there was a de facto top leader who usually led the country through the office of the Premier or the office of the General Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU). In the ideology of Vladimir Lenin the head of the Soviet state was a collegiate body of the vanguard party (see What Is to Be Done?).
The fortified city temporarily fell to the French invasion in 1672 (the Disaster Year); where the French invasion was only stopped west of Utrecht at the Old Hollandic Waterline. In 1674, only two years after the French left, the centre of Utrecht was struck by a tornado. The halt to building before construction of flying buttresses in the 15th century now proved to be the undoing of the central section of the cathedral of St Martin church which collapsed; creating the current Dom square between the tower and choir. In 1713, Utrecht hosted one of the first international peace negotiations when the Treaty of Utrecht settled the War of the Spanish Succession. Since 1723 Utrecht became the centre of the non-Roman Old Catholic Churches in the world.
Before the Second World War, the voting age in almost all countries was 21 years or higher. Czechoslovakia was the first to reduce the voting age to 20 years in 1946, and by 1968 a total of 17 countries had lowered their voting age. Many countries, particularly in Western Europe, reduced their voting ages to 18 years during the 1970s, starting with the United Kingdom (1970), with the United States (26th Amendment) (1971), Canada, Germany (1972), Australia (1974), France (1974) and others following soon afterwards. By the end of the 20th century, 18 had become by far the most common voting age. However, a few countries maintain a voting age of 20 years or higher. It was argued that 18 - year - old men could be drafted to go to war, and many people felt they should be able to vote at the age of 18.
The Hundred Years' War was a series of conflicts waged from 1337 to 1453 by the House of Plantagenet, rulers of the Kingdom of England, against the House of Valois, rulers of the Kingdom of France, over the succession to the French throne. Each side drew many allies into the war. It was one of the most notable conflicts of the Middle Ages, in which five generations of kings from two rival dynasties fought for the throne of the largest kingdom in Western Europe. The war marked both the height of chivalry and its subsequent decline, and the development of strong national identities in both countries.
The Germanic tribes are thought to date from the Nordic Bronze Age or the Pre-Roman Iron Age. From southern Scandinavia and north Germany, they expanded south, east and west from the 1st century BC, coming into contact with the Celtic tribes of Gaul as well as Iranian, Baltic, and Slavic tribes in Central and Eastern Europe. Under Augustus, Rome began to invade Germania (an area extending roughly from the Rhine to the Ural Mountains). In 9 AD, three Roman legions led by Varus were defeated by the Cheruscan leader Arminius. By 100 AD, when Tacitus wrote Germania, Germanic tribes had settled along the Rhine and the Danube (the Limes Germanicus), occupying most of the area of modern Germany. However, Austria, Baden Württemberg, southern Bavaria, southern Hessen and the western Rhineland had been conquered and incorporated into Roman provinces: Noricum, Raetia, Germania Superior, and Germania Inferior.
Bissegem is a sub-municipality of the city of Kortrijk, Belgium. It is part of the urban area of this city. As of 2007 it had a population of 15,533.
Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids is a 2003 American-Canadian computer-animated television special from Nelvana that premiered on Treehouse TV and Nick Jr. on March 31, 2003. It was based on David Kirk's book series of the same name and serves as the pilot to the show "Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends". Voices included Brooke Shields, Rick Moranis and Tony Jay. The characters are CGI animated insects and arachnids in a relatively natural setting, but with anthropomorphic qualities appropriate for a children's story.
James Howard Meredith (born June 25, 1933) is an African - American Civil Rights Movement figure, writer, political adviser and Air Force veteran. In 1962, he became the first African - American student admitted to the segregated University of Mississippi, after the intervention of the federal government, an event that was a flashpoint in the Civil Rights Movement. Inspired by President John F. Kennedy's inaugural address, Meredith decided to exercise his constitutional rights and apply to the University of Mississippi. His goal was to put pressure on the Kennedy administration to enforce civil rights for African Americans.
The QF 3-pounder Hotchkiss or in French use Canon Hotchkiss à tir rapide de 47 mm were a family of long-lived light naval guns introduced in 1886 to defend against new, small and fast vessels such as torpedo boats and later submarines. There were many variants produced, often under license which ranged in length from 32 to 50 calibers but 40 caliber was the most common version. They were widely used by the navies of a number of nations and often used by both sides in a conflict. They were also used ashore as coastal defense guns and later as an anti-aircraft gun, whether on improvised or specialized HA/LA mounts.
Before creation of Warsaw Pact, fearing Germany rearmed, Czechoslovak leadership sought to create security pact with East Germany and Poland. These states protested strongly against re-militarization of West Germany. The Warsaw Pact was primarily put in place as a consequence of the rearming of West Germany inside NATO. Soviet leaders, as many European countries in both western and eastern side, feared Germany being once again a military power as a direct threat and German militarism remained a fresh memory among Soviets and Eastern Europeans. As Soviet Union had already bilateral treaties with all of its eastern satellites, the Pact has been long considered 'superfluous', and because of the rushed way in which it was conceived, NATO officials labeled it as a 'cardboard castle'. Previously, in March 1954, the USSR, fearing the restoration of German Militarism in West Germany, requested admission to NATO.
19 Recordings, a recording label owned by 19 Entertainment, currently hold the rights to phonographic material recorded by all the contestants. 19 originally partnered with Bertelsmann Music Group (BMG) to promote and distribute the recordings through its labels RCA Records, Arista Records, J Records, Jive Records. In 2005-2007, BMG partnered with Sony Music Entertainment to form a joint venture known as Sony BMG Music Entertainment. From 2008-2010, Sony Music handled the distribution following their acquisition of BMG. Sony Music was partnered with American Idol and distribute its music, and In 2010, Sony was replaced by as the music label for American Idol by UMG's Interscope-Geffen-A&M Records.
Ford Motor Company is an American multinational automaker headquartered in Dearborn, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit. It was founded by Henry Ford and incorporated on June 16, 1903. The company sells automobiles and commercial vehicles under the Ford brand and most luxury cars under the Lincoln brand. Ford also owns Brazilian SUV manufacturer Troller, an 8% stake in Aston Martin of the United Kingdom, and a 49% stake in Jiangling Motors of China. It also has joint - ventures in China (Changan Ford), Taiwan (Ford Lio Ho), Thailand (AutoAlliance Thailand), Turkey (Ford Otosan), and Russia (Ford Sollers). The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and is controlled by the Ford family; they have minority ownership but the majority of the voting power.
Planetary geologists have measured different abundances of oxygen isotopes in samples from the Earth, the Moon, Mars, and meteorites, but were long unable to obtain reference values for the isotope ratios in the Sun, believed to be the same as those of the primordial solar nebula. Analysis of a silicon wafer exposed to the solar wind in space and returned by the crashed Genesis spacecraft has shown that the Sun has a higher proportion of oxygen-16 than does the Earth. The measurement implies that an unknown process depleted oxygen-16 from the Sun's disk of protoplanetary material prior to the coalescence of dust grains that formed the Earth.
Kansas State Wildcats 2017 -- 18 Kansas State Wildcats men's basketball team University Kansas State University First season 1902 All - time record 1,658 -- 1,147 (. 591) Athletic director Gene Taylor Head coach Bruce Weber (6th season) Conference Big 12 Location Manhattan, Kansas Arena Bramlage Coliseum (Capacity: 12,528) Nickname Wildcats Colors Royal Purple and White Uniforms Home Away Alternate NCAA Tournament runner - up 1951 NCAA Tournament Final Four 1948, 1951, 1958, 1964 NCAA Tournament Elite Eight 1948, 1951, 1958, 1959, 1961, 1964, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1981, 1988, 2010, 2018 NCAA Tournament Sweet Sixteen 1951, 1956, 1958, 1959, 1961, 1964, 1968, 1970, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1977, 1981, 1982, 1988, 2010, 2018 NCAA Tournament appearances 1948, 1951, 1956, 1958, 1959, 1961, 1964, 1968, 1970, 1972, 1973, 1975, 1977, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1993, 1996, 2008, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2017, 2018 Conference tournament champions 1977, 1980 Conference regular season champions 1917, 1919, 1948, 1950, 1951, 1956, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1961, 1963, 1964, 1968, 1970, 1972, 1973, 1977, 2013
World War II (1939-1945) devastated the country's economy, but the high levels of economic growth that followed from 1950 to 1980 have been called the Greek economic miracle. From 2000 Greece saw high levels of GDP growth above the Eurozone average, peaking at 5.8% in 2003 and 5.7% in 2006. The subsequent Great Recession and Greek government-debt crisis, a central focus of the wider European debt crisis, plunged the economy into a sharp downturn, with real GDP growth rates of −0.3% in 2008, −4.3% in 2009, −5.5% in 2010, −9.1% in 2011, −7.3% in 2012 and −3.2% in 2013. In 2011, the country's public debt reached €356 billion (172% of nominal GDP). After negotiating the biggest debt restructuring in history with the private sector, Greece reduced its sovereign debt burden to €280 billion (137% of GDP) in the first quarter of 2012. Greece achieved a real GDP growth rate of 0.7% in 2014 after 6 years of economic decline, but fell back into recession in 2015.
The Datsun DC-3 was a lightweight automobile produced by Nissan and sold under the Datsun brand in 1952. The series was a predecessor to the Fairlady sports cars, and succeeded the pre-war Road Star. It was powered by the 860 cc Nissan D10 straight-four engine which produced and could propel the DC-3 to . The side badges read "Datsun 20" ("20" meaning 20PS). Leaf springs were used in the suspension, and a three-speed manual transmission was specified. Four people could ride in the DC-3. Only 50 DC-3s were ever built; of these, 30 were sold (the remaining cars were converted back into trucks). A variant of the DC-3 was the Datsun 5147 pickup.
The Schneeberg Railway () is one of three rack railways in Austria still operating, and runs from the small town of Puchberg am Schneeberg in Lower Austria up to a plateau beneath the Schneeberg summit. At , the Schneeberg is the highest mountain in Lower Austria. The other two working cog railways in Austria are the Schafberg Railway (opened in 1893) and the Achensee Railway (opened in 1889).
On 18 June 1948, the National Security Council issued Directive 10/2 calling for covert action against the USSR, and granting the authority to carry out covert operations against "hostile foreign states or groups" that could, if needed, be denied by the U.S. government. To this end, the Office of Policy Coordination was created inside the new CIA. The OPC was quite unique; Frank Wisner, the head of the OPC, answered not to the CIA Director, but to the secretaries of defense, state, and the NSC, and the OPC's actions were a secret even from the head of the CIA. Most CIA stations had two station chiefs, one working for the OSO, and one working for the OPC.
Colton Underwood (born January 26, 1992) is an American football tight end who is currently a free agent. He was signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent in 2014.
Michael Guy Chislett (born 6 April 1982) is an Australian born musician and producer. He was the lead guitarist of the rock band The Academy Is... and is currently a member of contemporary worship music band Hillsong United, a worship band from Hillsong Church.
Oboyansky District () is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-eight in Kursk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the south of the oblast. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Oboyan. Population: 35,815 (2002 Census); The population of Oboyan accounts for 43.7% of the district's total population.
Former French secret service chief Paul Paillole was born in the Breton town of Rennes on 18 November 1905. He died on 15 October 2002 in the Bichat hospital in Paris. He is remembered essentially for his role organizing the arrest of German intelligence agents in France after the defeat of 1940 but his activity during this period has been the subject of controversy.
There are differing accounts as to the origin of the Sri Lanka Matha. The most widely held view is that Sri Lankan composer Ananda Samarakoon wrote the music and lyrics to the song inspired / influenced by Bengali poet Rabindranath Tagore. A minority suggest that Tagore wrote the anthem in full. Some have suggested that Tagore wrote the music whilst Samarakoon wrote the lyrics. Tagore being directly involved in the creation of the song has been denied by some historians like Indian Lipi Ghosh and Sri Lankan Sandagomi Coperahewa. Samarakoon had been a pupil of Tagore at Visva - Bharati University, Santiniketan. After returning to Ceylon Samarakoon taught music at Mahinda College, Galle. The song, which was then known as Namo Namo Mata, was first sung by students at Mahinda College. After it was sung by the choir from Musaeus College, Colombo at a public event it became hugely popular in Ceylon and was widely played on radio.
Ella Tambussi Grasso (May 10, 1919 – February 5, 1981) was an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who served as the 83rd Governor of Connecticut from January 8, 1975, to December 31, 1980. She was the first woman elected to this office and the first woman to be elected governor of a U.S. state without having been the spouse or widow of a former governor. She resigned as Governor due to her battle with ovarian cancer.
Growing out of the Somali people's rich storytelling tradition, the first few feature-length Somali films and cinematic festivals emerged in the early 1960s, immediately after independence. Following the creation of the Somali Film Agency (SFA) regulatory body in 1975, the local film scene began to expand rapidly. The Somali filmmaker Ali Said Hassan concurrently served as the SFA's representative in Rome. In the 1970s and early 1980s, popular musicals known as riwaayado were the main driving force behind the Somali movie industry. Epic and period films as well as international co-productions followed suit, facilitated by the proliferation of video technology and national television networks. Said Salah Ahmed during this period directed his first feature film, The Somali Darwish (The Somalia Dervishes), devoted to the Dervish State. In the 1990s and 2000s, a new wave of more entertainment-oriented movies emerged. Referred to as Somaliwood, this upstart, youth-based cinematic movement has energized the Somali film industry and in the process introduced innovative storylines, marketing strategies and production techniques. The young directors Abdisalam Aato of Olol Films and Abdi Malik Isak are at the forefront of this quiet revolution.
``Rip Van Winkle ''is a short story by American author Washington Irving published in 1819. Written while Irving was living in Birmingham, England, it is part of a collection entitled The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent. Although the story is set in New York's Catskill Mountains, Irving later admitted,`` When I wrote the story, I had never been on the Catskills.'' The story's title character is a Dutch - American villager living around the time of the American Revolutionary War.
Die Männer der Emden is a 2012 German film directed and co-written by Berengar Pfahl that is an account of members of the crew of SMS "Emden" making their way back to Germany after the Battle of Cocos. The film was shot in Greece, Sri Lanka, Tunisia, Malta and Germany and appeared as both a miniseries and a feature film.
Jai Jawan Jai Makan is a 1971 Bollywood drama film directed by Vishram Bedekar. The film stars Jaya Badhuri and Anil Dhawan .
The Stephen A. Schwarzman Building of the New York Public Library, originally called the Central Building and more widely known as the Main Branch or as the New York Public Library, is the flagship building in the New York Public Library system and a prominent historic landmark in Midtown Manhattan. The branch, opened in 1911, is one of four research libraries in the library system. It currently contains area of 646,680 square feet (60,079 m) and four stories open to public. The main entrance steps are on Fifth Avenue opposite East 41st Street.
Socialist Party candidate Eugene V. Debs received 913,664 popular votes (3.4 percent), despite the fact that he was in prison at the time for advocating non-compliance with the draft during World War I. This was the largest number of popular votes ever received by a Socialist Party candidate in the United States, although not the largest percentage of the popular vote. Debs received double this percentage in the election of 1912. The 1920 election was Debs' fifth and last attempt to become president.
Guilty of Treason is a 1950 American drama film directed by Felix E. Feist and starring Charles Bickford, Bonita Granville and Paul Kelly. Also known by the alternative title Treason, it is an anti-communist and anti-Soviet film about the story of József Mindszenty, a Roman Catholic cardinal from Hungary. Mindszenty spoke out against the Nazi occupation of his country during World War II, as well as the later Communist regime. Because of his opposition to the Soviet regime, Mindszenty was arrested and tortured. After his release, he took refuge in the US Embassy in Budapest for many years, maintaining his support for the Hungarians who wanted an end to the Russian occupation.
Bryton Eric McClure (born August 17, 1986), also credited as Bryton James and Bryton, is an American actor, voice artist and singer. As a child actor, he played Richie Crawford on the ABC / CBS sitcom, Family Matters. He currently plays Devon Hamilton on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless.
Kerry was born in Aurora, Colorado and attended boarding school in Massachusetts and New Hampshire. He graduated from Yale University class of 1966 with a political science major. Kerry enlisted in the Naval Reserve in 1966, and during 1968–1969 served an abbreviated four-month tour of duty in South Vietnam as officer-in-charge (OIC) of a Swift Boat. For that service, he was awarded combat medals that include the Silver Star Medal, Bronze Star Medal, and three Purple Heart Medals. Securing an early return to the United States, Kerry joined the Vietnam Veterans Against the War organization in which he served as a nationally recognized spokesman and as an outspoken opponent of the Vietnam War. He appeared in the Fulbright Hearings before the Senate Committee on Foreign Affairs where he deemed United States war policy in Vietnam to be the cause of war crimes.
The Occupation of Gori was the military occupation of Gori and its surrounding areas by Russian military forces, which started on 13 August 2008 as part of the Russo-Georgian War, and ended with the withdrawal of Russian units from the city on 22 August 2008.
Pak Tam Chung () is an area in the southern part of the Sai Kung Peninsula in the New Territories of Hong Kong. It is administratively under the Sai Kung District.
Chris Beckford-Tseu (born June 22, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League (NHL) game with the St. Louis Blues during the 2007–08 season. He was drafted in the fifth round, 159th overall, by the Blues in the 2003 NHL Entry Draft.
Fundamental Rights are the basic rights of the common people and inalienable rights of the people who enjoy it under the charter of rights contained in Part III (Article 12 to 35) of Constitution of India. It guarantees civil liberties such that all Indians can lead their lives in peace and harmony as citizens of India. These include individual rights common to most liberal democracies, such as equality before law, freedom of speech and expression, religious and cultural freedom and peaceful assembly, freedom to practice religion, and the right to constitutional remedies for the protection of civil rights by means of writs such as habeas corpus, Mandamus, Prohibition, Certiorari and Quo Warranto. Violation of these rights result in punishments as prescribed in the Indian Penal Code or other special laws, subject to discretion of the judiciary. The Fundamental Rights are defined as basic human freedoms that every Indian citizen has the right to enjoy for a proper and harmonious development of personality. These rights universally apply to all citizens, irrespective of race, place of birth, religion, caste or gender. Though the rights conferred by the constitution other than fundamental rights are equally valid and their enforcement in case of violation shall be secured from the judiciary in a time consuming legal process. However, in case of fundamental rights violation, the Supreme Court of India can be approached directly for ultimate justice per Article 32. The Rights have their origins in many sources, including England's Bill of Rights, the United States Bill of Rights and France's Declaration of the Rights of Man.
Boesch was born and raised in Rochester, New York, and enlisted in the United States Navy at age 17. He became a Underwater Demolition Team (UDT) Frogman in 1951, serving on two UDT Teams. He was chosen as one of the first SEALs, becoming Chief of the Boat of newly created SEAL Team TWO in 1962. Starting in 1968 and 1970, Boesch completed two combat deployments during the Vietnam War, where he earned the Bronze Star for heroic action. During that time and later, Boesch set physical and operational standards at SEAL Team TWO. In 1987, he became Senior Enlisted Advisor for United States Special Operations Command. Designated the "Bullfrog", the longest-serving SEAL still on active duty, Boesch achieved considerable renown within the force for his physical fitness training regimens and his military appearance. After 45 years of continuous service, he retired from the Navy in 1990 as a Master Chief Petty Officer.
He received his BA in Economics and MBA from Harvard University. As a financial and operating executive, he worked for 9 years with The Boston Consulting Group, advising Fortune 1000 companies on corporate, financial and operational strategies. From 1991 to 1994, Hachikian served as President of LINC Scientific Leasing, Inc., and, from 1983 to 1989, as President and CEO of Wellesley Medical Management, Inc. He is the Board Chairman of the Cambridge Heart, Inc.
``Licence to Kill ''-- Gladys Knight`` Wedding Party'' -- Ivory ``Dirty Love ''-- Tim Feehan`` Pam'' ``If You Asked Me To ''-- Patti LaBelle`` James & Felix on Their Way to Church'' ``His Funny Valentine ''`` Sanchez Is in the Bahamas / Shark Fishing'' ``Ninja ''`` Licence Revoked''
Congress has several powers related to war and the armed forces. Under the War Powers Clause, only Congress may declare war, but in several cases it has, without declaring war, granted the President the authority to engage in military conflicts. Five wars have been declared in United States' history: the War of 1812, the Mexican -- American War, the Spanish -- American War, World War I and World War II. Some historians argue that the legal doctrines and legislation passed during the operations against Pancho Villa constitute a sixth declaration of war. Congress may grant letters of marque and reprisal. Congress may establish and support the armed forces, but no appropriation made for the support of the army may be used for more than two years. This provision was inserted because the Framers feared the establishment of a standing army, beyond civilian control, during peacetime. Congress may regulate or call forth the state militias, but the states retain the authority to appoint officers and train personnel. Congress also has exclusive power to make rules and regulations governing the land and naval forces. Although the executive branch and the Pentagon have asserted an ever - increasing measure of involvement in this process, the U.S. Supreme Court has often reaffirmed Congress's exclusive hold on this power (e.g. Burns v. Wilson, 346 U.S. 137 (1953)). Congress used this power twice soon after World War II with the enactment of two statutes: the Uniform Code of Military Justice to improve the quality and fairness of courts martial and military justice, and the Federal Tort Claims Act which among other rights had allowed military service persons to sue for damages until the U.S. Supreme Court repealed that section of the statute in a divisive series of cases, known collectively as the Feres Doctrine.
He was a contributor to the satirical newspaper “O Pasquim”, which began publication in response to press censorship in Brazil following the military crackdown of December, 1968. In 1970 he published the comic book “Os Fradinhos” (The Friars), starring his most acclaimed characters. It was the first Brazilian comic book to be published in other countries. Henfil also worked in theater, film, television and literature, but political activism was his hallmark, creating fictional characters that made acerbic criticisms of the Brazilian political institutions of the time. A haemophiliac, Henfil contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion and died as a result of the disease in Rio de Janeiro.
The annual United States Open Tennis Championships is one of the world's four Grand Slam tennis tournaments and is held at the National Tennis Center in Flushing Meadows-Corona Park, Queens. The New York Marathon is one of the world's largest, and the 2004–2006 events hold the top three places in the marathons with the largest number of finishers, including 37,866 finishers in 2006. The Millrose Games is an annual track and field meet whose featured event is the Wanamaker Mile. Boxing is also a prominent part of the city's sporting scene, with events like the Amateur Boxing Golden Gloves being held at Madison Square Garden each year. The city is also considered the host of the Belmont Stakes, the last, longest and oldest of horse racing's Triple Crown races, held just over the city's border at Belmont Park on the first or second Sunday of June. The city also hosted the 1932 U.S. Open golf tournament and the 1930 and 1939 PGA Championships, and has been host city for both events several times, most notably for nearby Winged Foot Golf Club.
In 1798, the revolutionary French government conquered Switzerland and imposed a new unified constitution. This centralised the government of the country, effectively abolishing the cantons: moreover, Mülhausen joined France and Valtellina valley, the Cisalpine Republic, separating from Switzerland. The new regime, known as the Helvetic Republic, was highly unpopular. It had been imposed by a foreign invading army and destroyed centuries of tradition, making Switzerland nothing more than a French satellite state. The fierce French suppression of the Nidwalden Revolt in September 1798 was an example of the oppressive presence of the French Army and the local population's resistance to the occupation.
An electric field is a field that surrounds electric charges. It represents charges attracting or repelling other electric charges by exerting force. Mathematically the electric field is a vector field that associates to each point in space the force, called the Coulomb force, that would be experienced per unit of charge, by an infinitesimal test charge at that point. The units of the electric field in the SI system are newtons per coulomb (N / C), or volts per meter (V / m). Electric fields are created by electric charges, and by time - varying magnetic fields. Electric fields are important in many areas of physics, and are exploited practically in electrical technology. On an atomic scale, the electric field is responsible for the attractive force between the atomic nucleus and electrons that holds atoms together, and the forces between atoms that cause chemical bonding. The electric field and the magnetic field together form the electromagnetic force, one of the four fundamental forces of nature.
TPH Club as known as Tú Puedes Hacerlo was a Spanish children's program aired on Televisión Española between 13 September 1999 and September 2004 and hosted by Paloma Lago. The program was created by Antoni D'Ocon, the creator of Sylvan, Delfy and His Friends and Scruff.
In September 1760, and before any hostilities erupted, Governor Vaudreuil negotiated from Montreal a capitulation with General Amherst. Amherst granted Vaudreuil's request that any French residents who chose to remain in the colony would be given freedom to continue worshiping in their Roman Catholic tradition, continued ownership of their property, and the right to remain undisturbed in their homes. The British provided medical treatment for the sick and wounded French soldiers and French regular troops were returned to France aboard British ships with an agreement that they were not to serve again in the present war.
Corus Quay, originally named First Waterfront Place, is an eight-storey commercial office tower located on a waterfront site in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The building is the first major development planned for the East Bayfront district, and completed construction at the foot of Jarvis Street. Corus Quay is Corus Entertainment's new Toronto headquarters, consolidating its 10 locations and 1,200 employees into one site. The building was being developed by the Toronto Economic Development Corporation (TEDCO), a city agency. Funding for the project came from TEDCO's equity, city loans and a million contribution from the city contributed via Waterfront Toronto.
Florjon Prokop Mima is a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania for the Democratic Party of Albania.
The Hunchback of Notre - Dame (French: Notre - Dame de Paris) is a French Romantic / Gothic novel by Victor Hugo, published in 1831. The original French title refers to Notre Dame Cathedral, on which the story is centered. English translator Frederic Shoberl named the novel The Hunchback of Notre Dame in 1833 because at the time, Gothic novels were more popular than Romance novels in England. The story is set in Paris, France in the Late Middle Ages, during the reign of Louis XI.
Randy Marsh and Sharon Marsh (née Kimble) are fictional characters in the animated television series "South Park". They are the most prominent set of parents on the show and a middle-class married couple who raise their 10-year-old son Stan and 13-year-old daughter Shelly in the fictional town of South Park, Colorado. Their first names are derived from the first names of series co-creator Trey Parker's parents, and Parker describes Randy as "the biggest dingbat in the entire show". According to the season 16 episode "Reverse Cowgirl", the Marsh home address is 260 Avenidas de los Mexicanos.
Development of HTTP was initiated by Tim Berners-Lee at CERN in 1989. Development of HTTP standards was coordinated by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), culminating in the publication of a series of Requests for Comments (RFCs). The first definition of HTTP/1.1, the version of HTTP still in common use, occurred in RFC 2068 in 1997, although this was made obsolete by RFC 2616 in 1999 and then again by the RFC 7230 family of RFCs in 2014.
The BC Lions are a professional Canadian football team competing in the West Division of the Canadian Football League (CFL). Based in Vancouver, British Columbia, the Lions play their home games at BC Place.
Cốc Cốc browser (previously Cờ Rôm+) is a freeware web browser focused on the Vietnamese market, developed by Vietnamese company Cốc Cốc and based on Chromium open source code, which is the same platform used by Google Chrome, Opera, and Comodo Dragon. Cốc Cốc is available for the Windows, Windows Phone and macOS operating systems and supports both English and Vietnamese. Cốc Cốc also has a search engine called
Mauvais Sang (, "Bad Blood"), also known as The Night Is Young, is Leos Carax's second film. Released in 1986, the film played at the 37th Berlin International Film Festival before being nominated for 3 César Awards and winning the Prix Louis-Delluc. The film had 504,803 admissions in France. The title refers to the eponymous poem by Arthur Rimbaud in "A Season in Hell".
Bibice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zielonki, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north of the regional capital Kraków.
Deebing Heights is a semi-rural suburb (SRS) located in Queensland, Australia. The area that is now Deebing Heights has been an important settlement since Queensland's early colonial history, but was only gazetted as a locality in 2000 and then a suburb in 2004, previously being part of Purga. It is home of the heritage listed Deebing Creek Mission Aboriginal Reserve located at the southern end of Grampian Drive which acted as a home to the Ugarapul/yuggera tribe until its closing in 1915. Development was slow to begin in Deebing Heights with Paradise Heights, a premium acreage estate only beginning development in the mid-1990s. However, with development planned over the entire suburb, it has a projected population of 25,000 people by 2020.
Enterprise Rent-A-Car was established in St. Louis, Missouri in 1957 by Jack C. Taylor. Originally known as "Executive Leasing Company," in 1969, Taylor renamed the company "Enterprise" after the aircraft carrier , on which he served during World War II. In 2009, Enterprise became a subsidiary of Enterprise Holdings, Inc., following the company's 2007 acquisition of Vanguard Automotive Group, the parent company of National Car Rental and Alamo Rent a Car.
Rock Island is an uninhabited island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada. It is located in Davis Strait, southeast of Baffin Island's Cumberland Peninsula and north of Auyuittuq National Park Reserve. Other islands in the immediate vicinity include Kekertaluk Island, Nedlukseak Island, Nudlung Island, Pilektuak Island, and Satigsun Island.
Originally, co-creator Sam Rolfe wanted to leave the meaning of U.N.C.L.E. ambiguous so it could refer to either ``Uncle Sam ''or the United Nations. Concerns by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer's (MGM) legal department about using`` U.N.'' for commercial purposes resulted in the producers' clarification that U.N.C.L.E. was an acronym for the United Network Command for Law and Enforcement. Each episode had an ``acknowledgement ''to the U.N.C.L.E. in the end titles.
The Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property, signed in Paris, France, on 20 March 1883, was one of the first intellectual property treaties. It established a Union for the protection of industrial property. The Convention is currently still in force. The substantive provisions of the Convention fall into three main categories: national treatment, priority right and common rules.
Eden Township is one of twenty townships in Benton County, Iowa, USA. As of the 2000 census, its population was 275.
Dell was the first company to publicly state a timeline for the elimination of toxic polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and brominated flame retardants (BFRs), which it planned to phase out by the end of 2009. It revised this commitment and now aims to remove these toxics by the end of 2011 but only in its computing products. In March 2010, Greenpeace activists protested at Dell offices in Bangalore, Amsterdam and Copenhagen calling for Dell’s founder and CEO Michael Dell to ‘drop the toxics’ and claiming that Dell’s aspiration to be ‘the greenest technology company on the planet’ was ‘hypocritical’. Dell has launched its first products completely free of PVC and BFRs with the G-Series monitors (G2210 and G2410) in 2009.
Peter looks angry and is holding a knife pointed away from Christ, perhaps foreshadowing his violent reaction in Gethsemane during Jesus' arrest.
British Caribbean Airways was a short lived airline, which in 1986 operated a single BAe 146-100 jet aircraft from Miami, Florida to Tortola, British Virgin Islands with an intermediate stop at Providenciales, Turks & Caicos Islands. The British Caribbean flights into Tortola marked the only time this small airport in the BVI had scheduled passenger jet service.
The Krimulda Castle () is located just outside Sigulda, Sigulda municipality, Latvia and is a tourist attraction. The castle dates from the 14th century and was destroyed in a war in 1601.
The Klawasi group is a cluster of three large mud volcanoes on the western flank of Mount Drum, a Pleistocene stratovolcano in the Wrangell Mountains of east-central Alaska in the United States. The cluster includes the Upper Klawasi, the Lower Klawasi and the Shrub.
Principal photography took place in the United Kingdom. The beach scenes were predominantly filmed in Pembrokeshire, on the Marloes Sands beach near the village of Marloes between September 26 and 29, 2011. Though the beach was not closed to the public during filming, as filming progressed, certain parts were advised to be off limits. A computer - generated castle was set on nearby Gateholm island. A field above the beach was used for production purposes, and a special wooden ramp was built for vehicles and horses to access the beach. The film used academic consultants from the University of Chichester and the University of Oxford for back - up research on fairy tales and medieval battles. The English band Florence and the Machine recorded ``Breath of Life ''exclusively for the film, which was reportedly inspired by Theron's character Queen Ravenna.
In its original format a band or solo performer would visit the JBTV studio for an interview with owner and host Jerry Bryant, selecting a number of music videos (both the artist's and their own favorite videos) that would be shown in the aired episode. JBTV is currently on broadcast television WJYS-62 in Chicago Wednesday nights at 11pm with New Music Videos and live JBTV performances. JBTV is currently hosting live in-studio performances with new artists and established bands. In 2012, JBTV will be adding more new hosts and lots of new bands for all of the world to see. After 32 years, JBTV is still the only program where free-form TV is alive and well without corporate control. JBTV is an all-volunteer television program.
The Taemas Bridge is a two-lane road bridge crossing the Murrumbidgee River in New South Wales, Australia. The bridge crosses on the river just before it enters Lake Burrinjuck, which has been created by the Burrinjuck Dam. The bridge is a key part of the road between Yass and Wee Jasper, and from there, to Tumut. The bridge is around 26 kilometres from Yass and 22 kilometres from Wee Jasper. The current bridge was completed in 1931 and is over 200 metres in length.
Christ in the House of His Parents (1849–50) is a painting by John Everett Millais depicting the Holy Family in Saint Joseph's carpentry workshop. The painting was extremely controversial when first exhibited, prompting many negative reviews, most notably one written by Charles Dickens. It catapulted the previously obscure Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood to notoriety and was a major contributor to the debate about Realism in the arts.
The 2018 FIFA World Cup will be the 21st FIFA World Cup, a quadrennial international football tournament contested by the men's national teams of the member associations of FIFA. It is scheduled to take place in Russia from 14 June to 15 July 2018, after the country was awarded the hosting rights on 2 December 2010. This will be the first World Cup held in Europe since the 2006 tournament in Germany; all but one of the stadium venues are in European Russia, west of the Ural Mountains, to keep travel time manageable.
The Wainuioru River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. A major tributary of the Pahaoa River, it follows a twisting generally southwestward course from its origins 25 kilometres east of Masterton, reaching the Pahaoa southeast of Martinborough.
Robert Joseph Schmitz (September 10, 1938 – June 8, 2004) was an American football linebacker who played professionally in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers. Schmitz graduated from New Holstein High School in New Holstein, Wisconsin. He then went on to initially attend college at University of Wisconsin–Madison, then at Montana State University where he earned a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration.
Following a referendum in 1997, in which the Scottish electorate voted for devolution, the current Parliament was convened by the Scotland Act 1998, which sets out its powers as a devolved legislature. The Act delineates the legislative competence of the Parliament – the areas in which it can make laws – by explicitly specifying powers that are "reserved" to the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The Scottish Parliament has the power to legislate in all areas that are not explicitly reserved to Westminster. The British Parliament retains the ability to amend the terms of reference of the Scottish Parliament, and can extend or reduce the areas in which it can make laws. The first meeting of the new Parliament took place on 12 May 1999.
The foundation stone of the city was laid by George V, Emperor of India during the Delhi Durbar of 1911. It was designed by British architects, Sir Edwin Lutyens and Sir Herbert Baker. The new capital was inaugurated on 13 February 1931, by Viceroy and Governor - General of India Lord Irwin.
Mae Yao () is a "tambon" (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a population of 19,958 people. The "tambon" contains 18 villages.
Empress Dowager Gou (苟太后, personal name unknown) was an empress dowager of the Chinese/Di state Former Qin. Her husband was Fu Xiong (苻雄), the Prince of Donghai and brother of the founding emperor Fu Jiàn. She became empress dowager in 357 after her son Fu Jiān (note different tone) seized power in a coup from his tyrannical cousin Fu Sheng (Fu Jiàn's son) and claimed the title "Heavenly Prince" ("Tian Wang"). In addition to Fu Jiān, she had at least one other son with Fu Xiong, Fu Shuang (苻雙) the Duke of Zhao.
M.F. Horn Two is a 1972 big band jazz album by Canadian jazz trumpeter Maynard Ferguson. It features cover versions of many songs that were popular in the years leading up to its production, including: "Theme from Shaft" by Isaac Hayes, "Country Road" by James Taylor, "Mother" by John Lennon, "Spinning Wheel" by David Clayton-Thomas and "Hey Jude" by The Beatles. It also features a track called "Free Wheeler" written by another highly regarded jazz trumpeter and flugelhorn player, Kenny Wheeler.
The New Year Honours 1971 were appointments in many of the Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries. They were announced in supplements to the "London Gazette" of 31 December 1970 to celebrate the year passed and mark the beginning of 1971.
Midnight Blue is a 1963 album by Jazz guitarist Kenny Burrell featuring Stanley Turrentine on tenor saxophone, Major Holley on double bass, Bill English on drums and Ray Barretto on conga, and is one of Burrell's best-known works for Blue Note. "Jazz Improv" magazine lists the album among its top five recommended recordings for Burrell, indicating that "[i]f you need to know 'the Blue Note sound', here it is". In 2005, NPR included the album in its "Basic Jazz Library", describing it as "one of the great jazzy blues records". The album has been re-issued by Blue Note and the French label Classics.
North Korea (Korean: ; MR: "Chosŏn" or literally ; MR: "Pukchosŏn"), officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK or DPR Korea; Korean: , "Chosŏn Minjujuŭi Inmin Konghwaguk"), is a country in East Asia constituting the northern part of the Korean Peninsula, with Pyongyang the capital and the largest city in the country. To the north and northwest, the country is bordered by China and by Russia along the Amnok (known as the Yalu in Chinese) and Tumen rivers and to the south it is bordered by South Korea, with the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) separating the two. Nevertheless, North Korea, like its southern counterpart, claims to be the legitimate government of the entire peninsula and adjacent islands.
Gerry Organ (born December 4, 1944) is a former professional Canadian football placekicker and punter for the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League. He played for 13 seasons for the Rough Riders, playing in three Grey Cup games, winning two championships in 1973 and 1976. Organ played in 176 games in the CFL and is Ottawa's all-time leader in points scored with 1,462. He is the only kicker to have won the CFL's Most Outstanding Canadian Award, which he won in 1973. He played college football with the Guelph Gryphons.
Minister of Finance Emblem of India Incumbent Arun Jaitley since 26 May 2014 Ministry of Finance Style The Honourable Member of Cabinet Cabinet Committee on Security Appointer President on the advice of the Prime Minister Inaugural holder Liaquat Ali Khan Formation 29 October 1946
The phrase baby boom refers to a noticeable increase in the birth rate. The post-war population increase was described as a ``boom ''by various newspaper reporters, including Sylvia F. Porter in a column for the May 4, 1951, edition of the New York Post, based on the increase in the population of the U.S. of 2,357,000 in 1950. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the first recorded use of`` baby boomer'' is from 1970 in an article in The Washington Post. Various authors have delimited the baby boom period differently. Landon Jones, in his book Great Expectations: America and the Baby Boom Generation (1980), defined the span of the baby - boom generation as extending from 1943 through 1960, when annual births increased over 4,000,000. Authors William Strauss and Neil Howe, well known for their generational theory, define the social generation of Boomers as that cohort born from 1943 to 1960, who were too young to have any personal memory of World War II, but old enough to remember the postwar American High.
Kimeru (most often written either in Romaji (Kimeru) or with Katakana (キメル), but has been written as きめる (Hiragana) and (決める) (Kanji), born June 17, 1980) is a Japanese pop musician, singer, and stage actor. He is most famous for his work with "The Prince of Tennis". He adopted the stage name Kimeru, which means ""to decide"" in Japanese, before debuting. Kimeru's birth name has never been announced publicly.
With the release of Man of Steel in June 2013, Goyer was hired to write a sequel, as well as a new Justice League, with the Beall draft being scrapped. The sequel was later revealed to be Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, a team - up film featuring Henry Cavill as Superman, Ben Affleck as Batman, Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman, Ezra Miller as The Flash, Jason Momoa as Aquaman, and Ray Fisher as Victor Stone / Cyborg, the latter three in minor roles that became more significant in the Justice League film. The universe is separate from Nolan and Goyer's work on The Dark Knight trilogy, although Nolan was still involved as an executive producer for Batman v Superman. In April 2014, it was announced that Zack Snyder would also direct Goyer's Justice League script. Warner Bros. was reportedly courting Chris Terrio to rewrite Justice League the following July, after having been impressed with his rewrite of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. On October 15, 2014, Warner Bros. announced the film would be released in two parts, with Part One on November 17, 2017, and Part Two on June 14, 2019. Snyder was set to direct both films. In early July 2015, EW revealed that the script for Justice League Part One had been completed by Terrio. Zack Snyder stated that the film would be inspired by the New Gods comic series by Jack Kirby. Although Justice League was initially announced as a two - part film, with the second part set for release two years after the first, Snyder stated in June 2016 that they would be two distinct, separate films and not one film split into two parts, both being stand - alone stories.
Mission San Carlos Borromeo de Carmelo The façade of the capilla (chapel) at Mission San Carlos Borromeo de Carmelo. Location in the Monterey Peninsula Location 3080 Rio Rd. Carmel - by - the - Sea, California, 93923 Coordinates 36 ° 32 ′ 34 ''N 121 ° 55 ′ 7'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 36.54278 ° N 121.91861 ° W ﻿ / 36.54278; - 121.91861 Coordinates: 36 ° 32 ′ 34 ''N 121 ° 55 ′ 7'' W ﻿ / ﻿ 36.54278 ° N 121.91861 ° W ﻿ / 36.54278; - 121.91861 Name as founded La Misión San Carlos Borromeo del Río Carmelo English translation The Mission of Saint Charles Borromeo of the Carmel River Patron Saint Charles Borromeo Nickname (s) ``Father of the Alta California Missions ''Founding date June 3, 1770 Founding priest (s) Father Presidente Junípero Serra Founding Order Second Headquarters of the Alta California Mission System 1771 -- 1815; 1819 -- 1824; 1827 -- 1830 Military district Third Native tribe (s) Spanish name (s) Esselen, Ohlone Costeño Native place name (s) Ekheya Baptisms 3,827 Marriages 1,032 Burials 2,837 Secularized 1834 Returned to the Church 1859 Governing body Roman Catholic Diocese of Monterey Current use Parish Church / Minor Basilica U.S. National Register of Historic Places Official name: Carmel Mission Designated October 15, 1966 Reference no. 66000214 U.S. National Historic Landmark Designated October 9, 1960 California Historical Landmark Reference no. 135 Website http://carmelmission.org
"Try to imagine for a moment what it must be like to be the people of Bhopal who have lived for twenty plus years watching family and friends die, descend into madness or give birth to stillborn babies. "Animal's People", the latest offering from Indian author Indra Sinha available from Simon & Schuster Canada, does just that."
Thursday Night Football (or simply TNF) is the branding used for broadcasts of National Football League (NFL) games that broadcast primarily on Thursday nights. Most of the games kick off at 8: 25 p.m. Eastern Time, but games in the package also air occasionally on Saturdays in the later portion of the season, as well as a single Sunday morning game from London in the NFL International Series (these games have been branded since 2017 as NFL Network Special).
William Hurt as Professor John Robinson Mimi Rogers as Professor Maureen Robinson Heather Graham as Dr. Judy Robinson Lacey Chabert as Penny Robinson Jack Johnson as Will Robinson Matt LeBlanc as Major Don West Gary Oldman as Dr. Zachary Smith / Spider Smith Dick Tufeld as the voice of the Robot Jared Harris as Older Will Robinson Lennie James as Jeb Walker
Salama Moussa (or Musa; 1887 – 4 August 1958) (  , ), born into a wealthy, land owning Coptic family in the town of Zagazig located in the Nile delta, Egypt. Salama Musa was a journalist, writer, advocate of secularism, and pioneer of Egyptian socialism. He wrote or translated 45 published books; his writings still influence Arab thought and he is frequently referred to. Salama Musa campaigned against traditional religion and urged Egyptian society to embrace European culture. He looked for political and economic independence of Egypt from the British colonization. To this end he corresponded with Gandhi who provided him with his tools of economic struggle against the British hegemony over the Indian textile industry. Mousa made use of his contact with Gandhi in helping out the national Egyptian industrialist Tala'at Harb (1867-1941) to set up independent outlets for the Egyptian textile industry nationwide in Egypt - an attempt that was vehemently resisted by the British colonial powers of the time. Mousa pleaded, for instance, in his book "Ha'ula'i 'allamuni" ("Those who inspired me", Cairo, 1953) for the independence of thought and indigenous creativity of the contemporary Egyptians and Arabs. Mousa went in his youth to England and adhered there to Bernard Shaw's Fabian Society.
Dell traces its origins to 1984, when Michael Dell created Dell Computer Corporation, which at the time did business as PC's Limited, while a student of the University of Texas at Austin. The dorm-room headquartered company sold IBM PC-compatible computers built from stock components. Dell dropped out of school to focus full-time on his fledgling business, after getting $1,000 in expansion-capital from his family. In 1985, the company produced the first computer of its own design, the Turbo PC, which sold for $795. PC's Limited advertised its systems in national computer magazines for sale directly to consumers and custom assembled each ordered unit according to a selection of options. The company grossed more than $73 million in its first year of operation.
He was born in Southwold Township, Canada West in 1850, the son of William Casey, an Irish immigrant, and Sarah Elliott. Casey studied at the University of Toronto. He served as chief government whip from 1874 to 1878. In 1877, he married Sarah Isabella, the daughter of James Lyons Biggar. He ran unsuccessfully as an Independent Liberal in 1900. Casey was a captain in the local militia. He also contributed to the St. Thomas "Journal" and the London "Advertiser" and served as president of the Canadian Press Association. He lived in Fingal. Casey was the driving force behind federal civil service reform aimed at reducing patronage. In 1903, he was named to the staff of the Canadian Parliamentary Library in Ottawa. He died in Ottawa at the age of 53.
The opening credits of each episode are accompanied by the song ``Bad Reputation '', performed by Joan Jett from her 1980 Bad Reputation album.
Cairo University is ranked as 401-500 according to the Academic Ranking of World Universities (Shanghai Ranking) and 551-600 according to QS World University Rankings. American University in Cairo is ranked as 360 according to QS World University Rankings and Al-Azhar University, Alexandria University and Ain Shams University fall in the 701+ range. Egypt is currently opening new research institutes for the aim of modernising research in the nation, the most recent example of which is Zewail City of Science and Technology.
The club found it difficult to adjust to the Second Division and were nearly further relegated in the 1937 -- 38 season, when they were spared on goal averages. However, when World War II broke in 1939, Newcastle had a chance to regroup, and in the War period, they brought in Jackie Milburn, Tommy Walker and Bobby Cowell. They were finally promoted back to the First Division at the end of the 1947 -- 48 season. During the 1950s, Newcastle won the FA Cup trophy on three occasions within a five - year period, beating Blackpool in 1951, Arsenal in 1952, and Manchester City in 1955. However, after this last FA Cup victory the club fell back into decline and were relegated to the Second Division once again at the end of the 1960 -- 61 season under the management of Charlie Mitten. Mitten left after one season in the Second Division and was replaced by former player Joe Harvey. Newcastle returned to the First Division at the end of the 1964 -- 65 season after winning the Second Division title. Under Harvey, the club qualified for European competition for the first time after a good run in the 1967 -- 68 season and the following year won the 1969 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup Final, triumphing 6 -- 2 over two legs against Hungary's Újpest in the final.
As of 2004[update], 2532 telephone main lines are in use, a mix of analog (2500) and digital (32) circuits. Satellite communications services are planned.[citation needed] There is one locally based radio station (Radio Norfolk 89.9FM), broadcasting on both AM and FM frequencies. There is also one TV station, Norfolk TV, featuring local programming, plus transmitters for Australian channels ABC, SBS, Imparja Television and Southern Cross Television. The Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) is .nf.
In many parts of the United States, after the 1954 decision in the landmark court case Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka that demanded United States schools desegregate "with all deliberate speed", local families organized a wave of private "Christian academies". In much of the U.S. South, many white students migrated to the academies, while public schools became in turn more heavily concentrated with African-American students (see List of private schools in Mississippi). The academic content of the academies was usually College Preparatory. Since the 1970s, many of these "segregation academies" have shut down, although some continue to operate.[citation needed]
Robert Daniel Johnston (March 19, 1837 – February 1, 1919) was a brigadier general for the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War.
Peter Gardner Ostrum (/ ˈpiːtər ˈoʊstrəm /; born November 1957) is an American veterinarian and former child actor whose only film role was as Charlie Bucket in the 1971 motion picture Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory.
The nonprofit organization serves more than 55,000 members from various practice settings, including mental health counseling, marriage and family counseling, addictions and substance use disorder counseling, school counseling, rehabilitation counseling, and career and employment counseling. Counseling professors and students are also represented.
Nintendo La Rivista Ufficiale, also known by the acronym NRU, was the Italian edition of Official Nintendo video game magazine, specializing in all Nintendo video game consoles and handheld gaming platforms.
Actress / director / singer Phylicia Rashād is the older sister of performer Debbie Allen, who is married to former NBA basketball player, Norm Nixon. Phylicia Rashād is the former spouse of both Victor Willis, former lead singer of the group Village People, and former NFL football player turned sportscaster, Ahmad Rashād. Phylicia and Ahmad Rashād are the parents of actress Condola Rashād.
Diya Aur Toofan is a 1995 Hindi language Indian feature film directed by K. Bapaiah, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Madhoo, Suresh Oberoi, Mohnish Bahl and Kader Khan. This film is a remake of the 1979 Kannada movie "Seetharamu".
In 1973, Dr. Billy Mac Jones became president. Also that year, the Memphis State Tiger men's basketball team reached the finals of the NCAA tournament, only to fall at the hands of a UCLA team led by future NBA superstar and Hall of Famer Bill Walton in The NCAA Basketball Championship Game in St. Louis, Missouri. In 1980, Thomas Carpenter became president of MSU; he was succeeded by V. Lane Rawlins in 1991. On July 1, 1994, Memphis State University changed its name again, to the University of Memphis.
In addition, the Somali community has produced numerous important Muslim figures over the centuries, many of whom have significantly shaped the course of Islamic learning and practice in the Horn of Africa, the Arabian Peninsula and well beyond.
Metaris Valley () is a small, rounded cirque valley with steep sides and residual névé, lying west of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range in Antarctica. It was named in association with Britannia by a University of Waikato geological party, 1978–79, led by Michael Selby. "Metaris" is the historical name of a bay in Roman Britain, known today as The Wash.
Sterling has blogged for and hosted "The Naked Wine Show" since 2008 and has written for the show in Canada's "National Post" newspaper about her travels to wine destinations like France's Blois and Chaumont.
Femina Miss India 2018 Date 19 June 2018 Presenters Karan Johar & Ayushmann Khurrana Entertainment Madhuri Dixit, Kareena Kapoor & Jacqueline Fernandez Venue DOME, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Indoor Stadium, Mumbai Entrants 30 Placements 12 Winner Anukreethy Vas Tamil Nadu ← 2017 2019 →
The House Divided Speech was an address given by Abraham Lincoln, later President of the United States, on June 16, 1858 at what was then the Illinois State Capitol in Springfield, after he had accepted the Illinois Republican Party's nomination as that state's US senator. The speech became the launching point for his unsuccessful campaign for the seat, held by Stephen A. Douglas; the campaign would climax with the Lincoln - Douglas debates of 1858.
After the collapse of the I-35W Mississippi River bridge in Minneapolis on August 1, 2007, Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty ordered the DeSoto Bridge and two other bridges in Minnesota to be inspected. The three bridges have a design similar to that of the former I-35W bridge.
Bomberg was one of the most audacious of the exceptional generation of artists who studied at the Slade School of Art under Henry Tonks, and which included Mark Gertler, Stanley Spencer, C.R.W. Nevinson and Dora Carrington. Bomberg painted a series of complex geometric compositions combining the influences of cubism and futurism in the years immediately preceding World War I; typically using a limited number of striking colours, turning humans into simple, angular shapes, and sometimes overlaying the whole painting a strong grid-work colouring scheme. He was expelled from the Slade School of Art in 1913, with agreement between the senior teachers Tonks, Frederick Brown and Philip Wilson Steer, because of the audacity of his breach from the conventional approach of that time.
A glacier (US /ˈɡleɪʃər/ or UK /ˈɡlæsiə/) is a persistent body of dense ice that is constantly moving under its own weight; it forms where the accumulation of snow exceeds its ablation (melting and sublimation) over many years, often centuries. Glaciers slowly deform and flow due to stresses induced by their weight, creating crevasses, seracs, and other distinguishing features. They also abrade rock and debris from their substrate to create landforms such as cirques and moraines. Glaciers form only on land and are distinct from the much thinner sea ice and lake ice that form on the surface of bodies of water.
The United States has robotic missions currently exploring Mars, with a sample - return planned for the future. The Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle (MPCV) is intended to serve as the launch / splashdown crew delivery vehicle, with a Deep Space Habitat module providing additional living - space for the 16 - month - long journey. The first manned Mars Mission, which will include sending astronauts to Mars, orbiting Mars, and a return to Earth, is scheduled for the 2030s. Technology development for US government missions to Mars is underway, but there is no well - funded approach to bring the conceptual project to completion with human landings on Mars by the mid-2030s, the stated objective. NASA is under presidential orders to land humans on Mars by 2033, and NASA - funded engineers are studying a way to build potential human habitats there by producing bricks from pressurized Martian soil.
Black Swan is a 2010 American psychological thriller film about a ballet dancer directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Natalie Portman, Vincent Cassel, and Mila Kunis. After the 83rd Academy Awards, in which Portman won the Oscar for Best Actress for her role in the film as a ballerina, controversy arose over how much credit for the dancing in the film was being given to her and how much to her ``dance double '', American Ballet Theatre soloist Sarah Lane.
The Unconquered was a 1953 novel by Ben Ames Williams. It was Williams' final novel, completed in January 1953 less than a month before his death. It is a sequel to his "House Divided".
"You're My Sunshine" is Namie Amuro's fourth solo single under the Avex Trax label. Released in June 1996, it was her third consecutive single to debut at #1 and sell over a million copies.
The recorded history of Austin, Texas, began in the 1830s when Anglo - American settlers arrived in Central Texas. In 1837 settlers founded the village of Waterloo on the banks of the Colorado River, the first permanent settlement in the area. By 1839, Waterloo would adopt the name Austin and become the capital of the Republic of Texas.
Enis Jackson (born May 16, 1963 in Helena, Arkansas) is a former professional American football player who played defensive back in 1987 for the Cleveland Browns in the National Football League.
The Great Lakes are the largest group of freshwater lakes on Earth by total area, and second largest by total volume, containing 21% of the world's surface fresh water by volume. The total surface is 94,250 square miles (244,106 km), and the total volume (measured at the low water datum) is 5,439 cubic miles (22,671 km), slightly less than the volume of Lake Baikal (23,615 km3, 22 -- 23% of the world's surface fresh water). Due to their sea - like characteristics (rolling waves, sustained winds, strong currents, great depths, and distant horizons) the five Great Lakes have also long been referred to as inland seas. Lake Superior is the second largest lake in the world by area, and the largest freshwater lake by area. Lake Michigan is the largest lake that is entirely within one country.
The palace, like Windsor Castle, is owned by the Crown Estate. It is not the monarch's personal property, unlike Sandringham House and Balmoral Castle. Many of the contents from Buckingham Palace, Windsor Castle, Kensington Palace, and St James's Palace are part of the Royal Collection, held in trust by the Sovereign; they can, on occasion, be viewed by the public at the Queen's Gallery, near the Royal Mews. Unlike the palace and the castle, the purpose-built gallery is open continually and displays a changing selection of items from the collection. It occupies the site of the chapel destroyed by an air raid in World War II. The palace's state rooms have been open to the public during August and September and on selected dates throughout the year since 1993. The money raised in entry fees was originally put towards the rebuilding of Windsor Castle after the 1992 fire devastated many of its state rooms. 476,000 people visited the palace in the 2014–15 financial year.
The Monongahela City Bridge spans the Monongahela River from the City of Monongahela in Washington County, Pennsylvania to Forward Township in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania. It was constructed to replace a bridge which was 1/4 of a mile north of its location at First and Main Streets, and it opened to traffic in 1990.
The original host of Wheel of Fortune was Chuck Woolery, who hosted the series from its 1975 premiere until December 25, 1981, save for one week in August 1980 when Alex Trebek hosted in his place. Woolery's departure came over a salary dispute with show creator Merv Griffin, and his contract was not renewed. On December 28, 1981, Pat Sajak made his debut as the host of Wheel. Griffin said that he chose Sajak for his ``odd ''sense of humor. NBC president and CEO Fred Silverman objected as he felt Sajak, who at the time of his hiring was the weatherman for KNBC - TV, was`` too local'' for a national audience. Griffin countered by telling Silverman he would stop production if Sajak was not allowed to become host, and Silverman acquiesced.
Frances Elizabeth "Fran" Allen (born August 4, 1932) is an American computer scientist and pioneer in the field of optimizing compilers. Allen was the first female IBM Fellow and in 2006 became the first woman to win the Turing Award. Her achievements include seminal work in compilers, program optimization, and parallelization. Since 2002, she has been a Fellow Emerita from IBM.
The Toronto Coach Terminal is the central bus station for inter-city services in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is located at 610 Bay Street, in the city's Downtown. The terminal is owned by Toronto Coach Terminal Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Toronto Transit Commission (TTC). The TTC managed the station directly until July 8, 2012, when it was leased out in its entirety to bus lines Coach Canada and Greyhound Canada for $1.2 million annually. Opened in 1931 as the Gray Coach Terminal, the Art Deco style terminal was home base for Gray Coach, an interurban bus service then owned by the TTC. It replaced an earlier open air terminal, Gray Line Terminal.
Titanic won a record - tying eleven awards including Best Director for James Cameron and Best Picture. Other winners included As Good as It Gets, Good Will Hunting and L.A. Confidential with two awards, and The Full Monty, Geri's Game, Karakter, The Long Way Home, Visas and Virtue, Men in Black and A Story of Healing with one. The telecast garnered more than 57 million viewers in the United States, making it the most watched Oscars broadcast in history.
In October 2008, Tom Benson announced that the New Orleans VooDoo were ceasing operations and folding "based on circumstances currently affecting the league and the team". Shortly thereafter, an article in Sports Business Journal announced that the AFL had a tentative agreement to sell a $100 million stake in the league to Platinum Equity; in exchange, Platinum Equity would create a centralized, single-entity business model that would streamline league and team operations and allow the league to be more profitable. Benson's move to shut down the VooDoo came during the Platinum Equity conference call, leading to speculation that he had folded because of the deal.
Winona Cargile Alexander (June 21, 1893 – October 16, 1984) was a founder of Delta Sigma Theta sorority, Incorporated at Howard University on January 13, 1913. It was the second sorority founded for and by African-American women and was influential in women's building civic institutions and charities. In 1915, she was the first black admitted to the New York School of Philanthropy (now Columbia University's School of Social Work), where she received a graduate fellowship for her studies. She was the first African-American hired as a social worker in New York.
Eight Arms to Hold You is the second full-length studio album by alternative rock band Veruca Salt, released on February 11, 1997, through Outpost/Geffen Records. It was the last album to feature original band members Nina Gordon, Louise Post, Steve Lack, and Jim Shapiro until the 2015 reunion album "Ghost Notes".
Bobst Boy is the nickname of Steven Stanzak (born January 25, 1984), a New York University student who spent eight months living in the basement of one of the school's libraries, Bobst Library from September 2003 to April 2004.
The Warsaw Pact, formally known as the Treaty of Friendship, Cooperation and Mutual Assistance, was a collective defence treaty signed in Warsaw, Poland among the Soviet Union and seven Soviet satellite states of Central and Eastern Europe during the Cold War. The Warsaw Pact was the military complement to the Council for Mutual Economic Assistance (CoMEcon), the regional economic organization for the socialist states of Central and Eastern Europe. The Warsaw Pact was created in reaction to the integration of West Germany into NATO in 1955 per the London and Paris Conferences of 1954, but it is also considered to have been motivated by Soviet desires to maintain control over military forces in Central and Eastern Europe.
The naval Battle of Bantam took place on 27 December 1601 in Bantam Bay, Indonesia, when an exploration fleet of 5 Dutch under the leadership of Walter Harmensz. and a fleet under Andrea Furtado de Mendoça, sent from Goa to the Portuguese authority to restore, met in the Indonesian archipelago. The Portuguese were forced to retreat. Netherlands made three ships booty on a large Portuguese force majeure of eight galleons and miscellaneous smaller vessels.
Warner Bros. Records Parent company Warner Music Group Founded March 19, 1958; 60 years ago (1958 - 03 - 19) Founder James Conkling Distributor (s) Self - distributed (In the US) WEA International (Outside the US) Rhino Entertainment Company (Re-issues) Genre Various Country of origin United States Location Burbank, California, U.S. Official website warnerbrosrecords.com
It was founded on 22 March 2011 by Mohamed Bouebdelli, head of the Free University of Tunis, as the Maghrebi Liberal Party (, "" ; ) and it changed its name to Maghrebi Republican Party on 13 April 2012.
Wichita (/ ˈwɪtʃɪtɔː / WITCH - i - taw) is the largest city in the U.S. state of Kansas. Located in south - central Kansas on the Arkansas River, it is the county seat of Sedgwick County and the principal city of the Wichita metropolitan area which had an estimated population of 644,610 in 2015. As of 2017, the city of Wichita had an estimated population of 391,586.
The National Games of Pakistan is a multi-sport event held in Pakistan. It comprises various disciplines in which sportsmen from the different teams participate against each other. The games are organized by Pakistan Sports Board, Pakistan Olympic Association and the host province. First Edition of Quaid - e-Azam Inter Provincial Youth Games was already take place in Islamabad (1)
European Air Transport Leipzig GmbH, often shortened to EAT Leipzig or EAT-LEJ, is a German cargo airline with its head office and main hub on the grounds of Leipzig/Halle Airport in Schkeuditz. It is wholly owned by Deutsche Post DHL and operates the group's "DHL"-branded parcel and express services. It also provides ad hoc charter services including livestock transport.
Emperor Fei of Jin (; 342 – November 23, 386), personal name Sima Yi (司馬奕), courtesy name Yanling (延齡), was an emperor of the Eastern Jin Dynasty (265-420) in China. He was the younger brother (from the same mother) of Emperor Ai and later deposed by military leader Huan Wen. The title that he is normally referred to, "Emperor Fei", is not a posthumous name as is usually the case with imperial common titles, but rather signified that he was deposed (with "Fei" (廢) meaning "depose"). He is also commonly known by the title he was given after his removal, Duke of Haixi (海西公).
With the help of Mises, in the late 1920s Hayek founded and served as director of the Austrian Institute for Business Cycle Research, before joining the faculty of the London School of Economics (LSE) in 1931 at the behest of Lionel Robbins. Upon his arrival in London, Hayek was quickly recognised as one of the leading economic theorists in the world, and his development of the economics of processes in time and the co-ordination function of prices inspired the ground-breaking work of John Hicks, Abba Lerner, and many others in the development of modern microeconomics.
The Treaty of Bärwalde (; ; ) of 23 January 1631 was a treaty concluding an alliance between the Swedish Empire and the Kingdom of France  during the Thirty Years' War, shortly after Sweden had invaded Northern Germany then occupied by Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor's forces. The treaty obliged Sweden to maintain an army of 36,000 troops, and France to fund the Swedish army with an annually 400,000 Reichsthalers.
Tybouts Corner is an unincorporated populated place in New Castle County, Delaware, United States. It is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 13 and Hamburg Road/Bear Tybouts Road just north of an interchange with Delaware Route 1 and an intersection with the northern terminus of Delaware Route 71. Tybouts Corner is located at (39.62, -75.6421) and has an elevation of .
The Government Statistical Service (GSS) is the community of all civil servants who work in the collection, production and communication of UK official statistics. It includes not only statisticians, but also economists, social researchers, IT professionals, and secretarial and clerical staff. Members of the GSS work in the Office for National Statistics, most UK Government departments, and the devolved administrations. The GSS publishes around 2,000 sets of statistics each year, as well as providing professional advice and
The first generation was produced in hatchback, coupe and convertible body styles. Since the second generation (introduced in 2013), the coupé and convertible models have been marketed as the 2 Series, therefore the 1 Series range no longer includes these body styles. A sedan model became available for the Chinese market in 2017.
Despite Martin Luther's harsh polemics against his Roman Catholic opponents over issues concerning Mary and the saints, theologians appear to agree that Luther adhered to the Marian decrees of the ecumenical councils and dogmas of the church. He held fast to the belief that Mary was a perpetual virgin and the Theotokos or Mother of God. Special attention is given to the assertion that Luther, some three-hundred years before the dogmatization of the Immaculate Conception by Pope Pius IX in 1854, was a firm adherent of that view. Others maintain that Luther in later years changed his position on the Immaculate Conception, which, at that time was undefined in the Church, maintaining however the sinlessness of Mary throughout her life. For Luther, early in his life, the Assumption of Mary was an understood fact, although he later stated that the Bible did not say anything about it and stopped celebrating its feast. Important to him was the belief that Mary and the saints do live on after death. "Throughout his career as a priest-professor-reformer, Luther preached, taught, and argued about the veneration of Mary with a verbosity that ranged from childlike piety to sophisticated polemics. His views are intimately linked to his Christocentric theology and its consequences for liturgy and piety." Luther, while revering Mary, came to criticize the "Papists" for blurring the line, between high admiration of the grace of God wherever it is seen in a human being, and religious service given to another creature. He considered the Roman Catholic practice of celebrating saints' days and making intercessory requests addressed especially to Mary and other departed saints to be idolatry. His final thoughts on Marian devotion and veneration are preserved in a sermon preached at Wittenberg only a month before his death:
Roberto Clemente Clemente in the U.S. Marine Corps Reserve, 1958 Right fielder Born: (1934 - 08 - 18) August 18, 1934 Barrio San Antón, Carolina, Puerto Rico Died: December 31, 1972 (1972 - 12 - 31) (aged 38) San Juan, Puerto Rico Batted: Right Threw: Right MLB debut April 17, 1955, for the Pittsburgh Pirates Last MLB appearance October 3, 1972, for the Pittsburgh Pirates MLB statistics Batting average. 317 Hits 3,000 Home runs 240 Runs batted in 1,305 Teams Pittsburgh Pirates (1955 -- 1972) Career highlights and awards 15 × All - Star (1960 -- 1967, 1969 -- 1972) 2 × World Series champion (1960, 1971) NL MVP (1966) World Series MVP (1971) 12 × Gold Glove Award (1961 -- 1972) 4 × NL batting champion (1961, 1964, 1965, 1967) Pittsburgh Pirates # 21 retired Member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame Inducted 1973 Vote 92.7% (first ballot)
The Hale & Kilburn company of Philadelphia was a furniture manufacturing company founded by Henry S. Hale and Cheney Kilburn. The Hale & Kilburn company's primary business was the production of railroad car seats for the greatly expanding American railroad companies. The Hale & Kilburn company was sold to J.P. Morgan & Co. in 1911 for $9 million.
Jane Darwell (born Patti Woodard, October 15, 1879 -- August 13, 1967) was an American actress of stage, film, and television. With appearances in more than one hundred major motion pictures spanning half a century, Darwell is perhaps best - remembered for her portrayal of the matriarch and leader of the Joad family in the film adaptation of John Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath, for which she received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress, and her role as the Bird Woman in Disney's musical family film, Mary Poppins. Darwell has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Jill Bauman got her Bachelor of Arts from Adelphi University. She did her Graduate work at Adelphi University and Queens College. She is a Life Member of the Art Students League of New York.
The Green Bay Packers is a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin. The Packers compete in the National Football League (NFL) as a member club of the league's National Football Conference (NFC) North division. It is the third - oldest franchise in the NFL, dating back to 1919, and is the only non-profit, community - owned major league professional sports team based in the United States. Home games have been played at Lambeau Field since 1957.
Barry Mahon, born Jackson Barrett Mahon (February 5, 1921, Bakersfield, California – December 4, 1999, Las Vegas, Nevada), was an American film director, cinematographer and producer.
With NBA scoring champion Kevin Durant, second-year point guard Russell Westbrook, and forward Jeff Green leading the way, the Thunder made the playoffs as the youngest team in the NBA with the 28th highest total salary in the league. The team became the youngest NBA playoff team (23.19, using data going back to 1952) based on average age weighted by minutes played. The Thunder were then eliminated by the eventual NBA champions, the Los Angeles Lakers in six games in the First Round. The 2009-10 Oklahoma City Thunder and the 2007-08 Denver Nuggets are tied at 50-32 for having the best 8th seed record in NBA history.
CSX Transportation (reporting mark CSXT) is a Class I railroad operating in the eastern United States and the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec. Headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida, the railroad operates approximately 21,000 route miles (34,000 km) of track.
Katharine Sergava (July 30, 1910 in Tbilisi, Georgia – November 26, 2005. Married name: Katharine Sergava Sznycer) was an actress and dancer.
Spiritism (also called Kardecism) is a spiritualistic philosophy and religious movement started in the 19th century by the French educator Hippolyte Léon Denizard Rivail, who, under the pen name Allan Kardec, wrote books on "the nature, origin, and destiny of spirits, and their relation with the corporeal world". Spiritists refer to Kardec as the religion's codifier.
Rico Linhas Aéreas S/A was a Brazilian regional airline with its headquarters at Eduardo Gomes International Airport in Manaus, Brazil, authorized to operate scheduled passenger and cargo services in the Amazon region. The airline was grounded on 1 June 2010 and on 7 June 2011 lost its operational license. Current is a charter company.
Colonel John ``Hannibal ''Smith, played by George Peppard, is a fictional character and one of the four protagonists of the 1980s action - adventure television series The A-Team. The producers originally had James Coburn in mind to play the part of Hannibal, but it eventually ended up going to Peppard.
Actor Character Seasons Years 5 Kate Jackson Sabrina Duncan Main 1976 -- 1979 Farrah Fawcett Jill Munroe Main Guest 1976 -- 1977 Jaclyn Smith Kelly Garrett Main 1976 -- 1981 Cheryl Ladd Kris Munroe Main 1977 -- 1981 Shelley Hack Tiffany Welles Main 1979 -- 1980 Tanya Roberts Julie Rogers Main 1980 -- 1981 David Doyle John Bosley Main 1976 -- 1981 John Forsythe (voice) Charles ``Charlie ''Townsend Main 1976 -- 1981
"Somethin' Bad" is a song recorded as a duet by American country music artists Miranda Lambert and Carrie Underwood. The song was written by Chris DeStefano, Brett James, and Priscilla Renea. It was released as the second single from Lambert's fifth studio album "Platinum" in advance of the album's release two weeks later. The song premiered at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards on May 18, 2014, and was released for sale the next day.
The following is a list of towers of Moscow Kremlin. The Kremlin Wall is a defensive wall that surrounds the Moscow Kremlin, recognizable by the characteristic notches and its towers. The original walls were likely a simple wooden fence with guard towers built in 1156. The Kremlin is flanked by 19 towers with a 20th, the Koutafia Tower, not part of its walls.
Richard Ravitch (born July 7, 1933) is an American politician and businessman who served as Lieutenant Governor of New York from 2009 to 2010. He was appointed to the position in July 2009 by New York Governor David Paterson. A native of New York City, he earned a law degree from Yale Law School and has worked in his family's real estate development business, a number of government and government-appointed positions, including with the New York State Urban Development Corporation and Metropolitan Transportation Authority, and in private industry, including tenures as chairman of the Bowery Savings Bank and as the chief owner representative in labor negotiations for Major League Baseball.
Ban Pae () is a "tambon" (sub-district) of Chom Thong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand. In 2005 it had a population of 12,050 people. The "tambon" contains 18 villages.
The Yeoman Football Club is an Australian rules football club based in Burnie, Tasmania, which plays its home games at Wivenhoe Showgrounds, Burnie. It competes in the Darwin Football Association, running Senior and Reserve Grade sides.
Valeria Bruni Tedeschi, also spelled Bruni-Tedeschi (; born 16 November 1964), is an Italian-French actress, screenwriter and film director. Her 2013 film, "A Castle in Italy," was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 2013 Cannes Film Festival.
In its early years of existence, the smooth jazz format was considered to be a form of AC, although it was mainly instrumental, and related a stronger resemblance to the soft AC-styled music. For many years, artists like George Benson, Kenny G and Dave Koz had crossover hits that were played on both smooth jazz and soft AC stations.
Roger Carel (born Roger Bancharel; 14 August 1927) is a French actor and voice talent, known for his recurring film roles as Asterix, the French voice of "Star Wars'" C-3PO, and the French voice of Winnie-the-Pooh, Piglet, and Rabbit in Winnie the Pooh. He is also dubbing David Suchet as Hercule Poirot in Agatha Christie's Poirot. He also voiced Wally Gator, Mickey Mouse, Yogi Bear, Kermit the Frog, Heathcliff, Foghorn Leghorn, ALF and many other famous characters in French. He was born in Paris, France.
Melodifestivalen 1973 was the selection for the 14th song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest. It was the 13th time that this system of picking a song had been used. 10 songwriters were selected by SVT for the competition. The final was broadcast on TV1 but was not broadcast on radio.
Elidar (also spelled Eli Da'ar) is one of the woredas in the Afar Region of Ethiopia. Part of the Administrative Zone 1, Elidar is bordered on the south by the Awash River which separates it from Asayita, on the west by Dubti, on the northwest by Kori, on the north by the Administrative Zone 2, on the northeast by Eritrea, and on the east by Djibouti. Towns in Elidar include Bure, Diche Oto, Elidar and Manda.
Denise Nurse studied Law and graduated from the University of Liverpool in 1997. She then studied at University of Law for her professional degrees.
Villa Welgelegen is a historical building in Haarlem, the Netherlands, which currently houses the offices of the provincial executives of North Holland. Located at the north end of a public park in the city, it is an example of neoclassical architecture, unusual for its style in the Netherlands.
There are other language groupings in Southern Europe. Albanian is spoken in Albania, Kosovo, Macedoonia, and parts of Greece. Maltese is a Semitic language that is the official language of Malta. The Basque language is spoken in the Basque Country, a region in northern Spain and southwestern France.
KAPE (1550 AM, "Cape Radio 1550") is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Cape Girardeau, Missouri. The station is owned by Withers Broadcasting and the broadcast license is held by Withers Broadcasting Company of Missouri, LLC.
On 5 January 2010, the Lord President of the Council and Business Secretary Lord Mandelson announced that an extra bank holiday would take place on 5 June 2012. Moving the Spring Bank Holiday (the last Monday in May) to 4 June resulted in a four - day holiday in honour of the Diamond Jubilee. As national holidays are a devolved matter, Scotland's first minister confirmed that the bank holiday would be held on 5 June in Scotland. Some economists later theorised that the holiday could reduce the country's gross domestic product by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, though this would be partially offset by increased sales for the hospitality and merchandise sectors.
Bang Bon (Thai: บางบอน, pronounced [bāːŋ bɔ̄ːn]) is one of the 50 districts (khet) of Bangkok, Thailand. Its neighbours, clockwise from north, are Bang Khae, Phasi Charoen, Chom Thong, and Bang Khun Thian districts of Bangkok, Mueang Samut Sakhon District and Krathum Baen District of Samut Sakhon Province, and Nong Khaem District of Bangkok.
Key personnel involved in the flight deck include the shooters, the handler, and the air boss. Shooters are naval aviators or Naval Flight Officers and are responsible for launching aircraft. The handler works just inside the island from the flight deck and is responsible for the movement of aircraft before launching and after recovery. The "air boss" (usually a commander) occupies the top bridge (Primary Flight Control, also called primary or the tower) and has the overall responsibility for controlling launch, recovery and "those aircraft in the air near the ship, and the movement of planes on the flight deck, which itself resembles a well-choreographed ballet." The captain of the ship spends most of his time one level below primary on the Navigation Bridge. Below this is the Flag Bridge, designated for the embarked admiral and his staff.
Una Mas, on the front cover titled "Una Mas (One More Time)", is a jazz album by trumpeter Kenny Dorham and his quintet, released in 1963 on Blue Note as BLP 4127 and BST 84127. The album would be the next-to-last studio session led by the trumpeter, since after 1964, he began to fade and disappear from the jazz scenes. "Una Mas" features three compositions by Dorham himself and the jazz ballad "If Ever I Would Leave You", originally composed by Loewe/Lerner for the musical "Camelot".
In the wake of religious riots in Egypt, the emperor Decius decreed that all subjects of the Empire must actively seek to benefit the state through witnessed and certified sacrifice to "ancestral gods" or suffer a penalty: only Jews were exempt. Decius' edict appealed to whatever common mos maiores might reunite a politically and socially fractured Empire and its multitude of cults; no ancestral gods were specified by name. The fulfillment of sacrificial obligation by loyal subjects would define them and their gods as Roman. Roman oaths of loyalty were traditionally collective; the Decian oath has been interpreted as a design to root out individual subversives and suppress their cults, but apostasy was sought, rather than capital punishment. A year after its due deadline, the edict expired.
Prince Edward, Earl of Wessex, (Edward Antony Richard Louis; born 10 March 1964) is the youngest of four children and the third son of Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. At the time of his birth, he was third in line of succession to the British throne; he is 11th. The Earl is a full-time working member of the British royal family and supports the Queen in her official duties – often alongside his wife, the Countess of Wessex – as well as undertaking public engagements for a large number of his own charities. In particular he has assumed many duties from his father, the Duke of Edinburgh, who retired from public life in 2017. Prince Edward succeeded Prince Philip as president of the Commonwealth Games Federation (vice-patron since 2006) and opened the 1990 Commonwealth Games in New Zealand and the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Malaysia. He has also taken over the Duke's role in the Duke of Edinburgh's Award Scheme.
The Scourge of the Light is the ninth studio album by American power metal band Jag Panzer. It was released on February 28, 2011 through Steamhammer Records. Two weeks after its release, The Scourge of the Light placed at No. 117 on the Billboard New Artist Chart, making the album Jag Panzer's most successful to date.
Aside from the official forms of their respective languages, the four linguistic regions of Switzerland also have their local dialectal forms. The role played by dialects in each linguistic region varies dramatically: in the German-speaking regions, Swiss German dialects have become ever more prevalent since the second half of the 20th century, especially in the media, such as radio and television, and are used as an everyday language, while the Swiss variety of Standard German is almost always used instead of dialect for written communication (c.f. diglossic usage of a language). Conversely, in the French-speaking regions the local dialects have almost disappeared (only 6.3% of the population of Valais, 3.9% of Fribourg, and 3.1% of Jura still spoke dialects at the end of the 20th century), while in the Italian-speaking regions dialects are mostly limited to family settings and casual conversation.
Philippine Navy Hukbong Dagat ng Pilipinas Seal of the Philippine Navy Founded May 20, 1898; 120 years ago (1898 - 05 - 20) Country Philippines Type Navy Size 24,000 active personnel (including 7,500 marines) 15,000 Reserve Personnel Part of Armed Forces of the Philippines Headquarters Naval Station Jose Andrada, City of Manila Ships 3 frigates (+ 2 for acquisition) 10 corvettes (+ 1 for delivery) 2 landing platform dock 4 landing support ships 10 heavy landing crafts 35 patrol craft 9 Fast assault craft 1 oceanographic research ship Engagements Philippine Revolution Spanish -- American War Philippine -- American War World War II Communist Insurgencies Moro conflict Spratly Islands Dispute Scarborough Shoal standoff Website www.navy.mil.ph Commanders Commander - in - Chief President Rodrigo Roa Duterte Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana Chief of Staff Gen. Carlito Galvez Jr., AFP Flag Officer in - Command VADM Robert Empedrad, PN Insignia Pennant Jack Flag Patch Aircraft flown Helicopter AgustaWestland AW109 Power, AgustaWestland AW159 Wildcat, MBB Bo 105C, Robinson R22 Patrol BN - 2 Islander, Beechcraft King Air, Cessna 172
The FA Cup winners qualify for the following season's UEFA Europa League (formerly named the UEFA Cup; until 1998 they entered the Cup Winners' Cup instead). This European place applies even if the team is relegated or is not in the English top flight. In the past, if the FA Cup winning team also qualified for the following season's Champions League or Europa League through their league position, then the losing FA Cup finalist was given the Europa League place instead. FA Cup winners enter the Europa League at the group stage. Losing finalists, if they entered the Europa League, began earlier, at the play-off or third qualifying round stage. From the 2015–16 UEFA Europa League season, however, UEFA will not allow the runners-up to qualify for the Europa League through the competition.
The University of Houston System's annual impact on the Houston area's economy equates to that of a major corporation: $1.1 billion in new funds attracted annually to the Houston area, $3.13 billion in total economic benefit and 24,000 local jobs generated. This is in addition to the 12,500 new graduates the U.H. System produces every year who enter the workforce in Houston and throughout the state of Texas. These degree-holders tend to stay in Houston. After five years, 80.5% of graduates are still living and working in the region.
A Don is a village in south-eastern Laos near the border with Vietnam. It is located in Kaleum District in Sekong Province.
In 1726, however, a re-establishment took place through Jakob van Schuppen as "K.k. Hofacademie of the painters, sculptor and architecture", which still exists. Peter Strudel is considered as a founder of the oldest art academy of central Europe, the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna. One year before the death of Strudel, the "Strudelhof" included a plague house, where those afflicted by the epidemic were treated and quarantined.
Al Bell (born Alvertis Isbell, March 15, 1940) is an American record producer, songwriter, and record executive. He is best known as having been an executive and co-owner of Stax Records, based in Memphis, Tennessee, during the latter half of the label's 19-year existence.
Tait's Edinburgh Magazine was a monthly periodical founded in 1832. It was an important venue for liberal political views, as well as contemporary cultural and literary developments, in early-to-mid-nineteenth century Britain.
HMAS "Grantala was a hospital ship operated by the Royal Australian Navy (RAN) during World War I. She was launched in 1903 by Armstrong Whitworth Company for the Adelaide Steamship Company. The ship operated in Australian waters from 1903, and was requisitioned by the RAN on 7 August 1914. She was returned to her owners in 1915, then was sold and renamed Figuig". The ship was scrapped in 1934.
In 1846, he was elected to the Maine State Senate and served as Senate President in 1847. He was re-elected in 1848 but resigned after unsuccessfully challenging incumbent Democrat John W. Dana his party's nomination for governor. In 1849, Hodgdon was named Bank Commissioner and in 1853, he was offered the position of US consul in Rome by President Franklin Pierce, which he declined.
Forest were founder members of the Football Alliance in 1889 before joining the Football League in 1892. They have since mostly competed in the top two League tiers except five seasons in the third tier. Forest won the FA Cup in 1898 and 1959. Their most successful period was in the management reign of Brian Clough and Peter Taylor between 1976 and 1982. With Forest they won the 1977 -- 78 Football League title followed by the 1979 and 1980 European Cups. They also won two Football League Cups at Forest together. After Taylor left Clough won two more League Cups and two Full Members Cups.
The Kingdom succeeded from the Greek provisional governments after the Greek War of Independence, and lasted until 1924. In 1924 the monarchy was abolished, and the Second Hellenic Republic was established, after Greece's defeat by Turkey in the Asia Minor Campaign. It lasted until 1935, when it was overthrown by a military coup d'état which restored the monarchy. The restored Kingdom of Greece lasted from 1935 to 1973. The Kingdom was again dissolved in the aftermath of the seven-year military dictatorship (1967–1974), and the Third Republic, the current Greek state, came to be, after a popular referendum.
Hip, Hip, Hurrah! (Danish: "Hip, hip, hurra! Kunstnerfest på Skagen") is an oil-on-canvas painting from 1888 by Norwegian-Danish painter Peder Severin Krøyer.
The 2017 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election was held on May 27, 2017. Party members chose Andrew Scheer as leader, replacing Stephen Harper, who led the Conservative Party of Canada as its leader from 2004 following the merger of the Canadian Alliance and Progressive Conservative parties. Harper led the party through five federal elections: the party increased its seat count in the House of Commons in 2004, formed two minority governments in 2006, and 2008, and then a majority government in 2011. Following the defeat of the party in the 2015 federal election on October 19, Harper tendered his resignation as party leader. In a statement, Conservative Party President Harry Walsh said he had spoken to Harper, ``and he has instructed me to reach out to the newly elected parliamentary caucus to appoint an Interim Leader and to implement the leadership selection process. ''
In 1831 the Anti-Masonic Party convened in Baltimore, Maryland to select a single presidential candidate agreeable to the whole party leadership in the 1832 presidential election. The National Republican and Democratic Parties soon followed suit.
Some scholars believe that Modern Orthodoxy arose from the religious and social realities of Western European Jewry. While most Jews consider Modern Orthodoxy traditional today, some (the hareidi and hasidic groups) within the Orthodox community consider some elements to be of questionable validity. The neo-Orthodox movement holds that Hirsch's views are not accurately followed by Modern Orthodoxy. [See Torah im Derech Eretz and Torah Umadda "Relationship with Torah im Derech Eretz" for a more extensive listing.]
Cybill is an American television sitcom created by Chuck Lorre, which aired on CBS from January 2, 1995, to July 13, 1998. Starring Cybill Shepherd, the show revolves around the life of Cybill Sheridan, a twice-divorced single mother of two and struggling actress in her 40s, who has never gotten her big show business break. Alicia Witt and Dedee Pfeiffer co-starred as Sheridan's daughters, with Alan Rosenberg and Tom Wopat playing their respective fathers, while Christine Baranski appeared as Cybill's hard-drinking friend Maryann.
Other Puritans were convinced that New England could provide a religious refuge, and the enterprise was reorganized as the Massachusetts Bay Company. In March 1629, it succeeded in obtaining from King Charles a royal charter for the establishment of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. In 1630, the first ships of the Great Puritan Migration sailed to the New World, led by John Winthrop.
North American area code 432 is a state of Texas telephone area code in the Permian Basin area of the state including the cities of Midland and Odessa. It was created, along with area code 325, on April 5, 2003 in a split from area code 915.
The legend goes that Livinus was born from Irish nobility. Upon studies in England, where he visited Saint Augustine of Canterbury, he returned to Ireland. He later went on a "peregrinatio Domini" and left Ireland for Ghent (Belgium) and Zeeland (Netherlands) where he preached. During one of his sermons, Livinus was attacked in the village of Esse, near Geraardsbergen by a group of pagans who cut off his tongue and head.
Christianity was introduced to Japan during its feudal era by Saint Francis Xavier in 1550. From the beginning, Christianity was seen as a threat to the power of the shōgun.  In 1643, Christianity was banned, all churches were destroyed, all known Christians tortured and demanded to convert to Buddhism or face execution, and all signs of Christian influence were systematically eliminated. The ban was not lifted until 1858.
Piper Kerman Kerman at the University of Missouri in 2014 Piper Eressea Kerman (1969 - 09 - 28) September 28, 1969 (age 49) Boston, Massachusetts, U.S. Alma mater Smith College Occupation Writer, author, memoirist Notable work Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison Spouse (s) Larry Smith (m. 2006) Website piperkerman.com www.thepipebomb.com
The UK political system, while technically a multi-party system, has functioned generally as a two-party (sometimes called a "two-and-a-half party") system; since the 1920s the two largest political parties have been the Conservative Party and the Labour Party. Before the Labour Party rose in British politics the Liberal Party was the other major political party along with the Conservatives. Though coalition and minority governments have been an occasional feature of parliamentary politics, the first-past-the-post electoral system used for general elections tends to maintain the dominance of these two parties, though each has in the past century relied upon a third party to deliver a working majority in Parliament. (A plurality voting system usually leads to a two-party system, a relationship described by Maurice Duverger and known as Duverger's Law.) There are also numerous other parties that hold or have held a number of seats in Parliament.
The 1864 Open Championship was the fifth Open Championship and was held on 16 September at Prestwick Golf Club. Tom Morris, Sr. won the championship for the third time, by two shots from Andrew Strath. There were sixteen competitors.
Tennessee is known as the "Volunteer State", a nickname some claimed was earned during the War of 1812 because of the prominent role played by volunteer soldiers from Tennessee, especially during the Battle of New Orleans. Other sources differ on the origin of the state nickname; according to the Columbia Encyclopedia, the name refers to volunteers for the Mexican–American War. This explanation is more likely, because President Polk's call for 2,600 nationwide volunteers at the beginning of the Mexican-American War resulted in 30,000 volunteers from Tennessee alone, largely in response to the death of Davy Crockett and appeals by former Tennessee Governor and now Texas politician, Sam Houston.
The Klehini River is about long from its source in British Columbia to its mouth at the Chilkat River, of which it is the largest tributary. The Klehini River is renowned for its salmon runs, its biannual congregation of bald eagles—the second largest in the Haines area after the Chilkat River's Council Grounds—and for the Klehini Falls. The Klehini also delineates the northern boundary of the Chilkat Range.
Rank Player Hat - tricks Lionel Messi 8 Cristiano Ronaldo 7 Mario Gómez Luiz Adriano Filippo Inzaghi 6 Adriano Robert Lewandowski Sergio Agüero Neymar Karim Benzema Andy Cole Didier Drogba Samuel Eto'o Roy Makaay Michael Owen Marco Simone Andriy Shevchenko Roberto Soldado Ruud van Nistelrooy
On 19 February 2007 Disney lost a court case in Los Angeles which ruled their ``misguided claims ''to dispute the licensing agreements with Slesinger, Inc. were unjustified, but a federal ruling of 28 September 2009, again from Judge Florence - Marie Cooper, determined that the Slesinger family had granted all trademark and copyright rights to Disney, although Disney must pay royalties for all future use of the characters. Both parties have expressed satisfaction with the outcome.
Caucasus Governorate (, "Kavkazskaya guberniya") was an administrative division (a "guberniya") of the Russian Empire, which existed from 1802 until 1822. Its seat was located in Georgiyevsk. The governorate was located in the south of the European part of the Russian Empire. In 1822, the governorate was abolished and transformed into Caucasus Oblast, with the administrative center in Stavropol.
Zahariy Hristovich Dimitrov () (1810–1853), better known as Zahari Zograf (or Zahariy Zograf; Захари(й) Зограф) is a famous Bulgarian painter of the Bulgarian National Revival, noted for his church mural paintings and icons and often regarded as the founder of secular art in Bulgaria due to the introduction of everyday life elements in his work.
The Wagner Manufacturing Company was a family - owned manufacturer of cast iron and aluminum products based in Sidney, Ohio, US. It made products for domestic use such as frying pans, casseroles, kettles and baking trays, and also made metal products other than cookware. Wagner was active between 1891 and 1952, and at one time dominated the cookware market, selling in Europe and the US. The purchasers of the company in 1952 continued the brand, and Wagner products are still manufactured today. The original items are prized by collectors.
The 2016 Major League Baseball All - Star Game was the 87th edition of the Major League Baseball All - Star Game. The game was hosted by the San Diego Padres and was played at Petco Park on July 12, 2016. It was televised nationally on Fox. The American League All - Stars defeated the National League All - Stars by a score of 4 -- 2 to win home field advantage for the 2016 World Series (which went to the Cleveland Indians). This was also the last time home - field advantage for the World Series was determined by the outcome of the All - Star Game.
True Grit is a 2010 American Revisionist Western film directed, written, produced, and edited by the Coen brothers and executively produced by Steven Spielberg. It is the second adaptation of Charles Portis' 1968 novel of the same name, which was previously released in 1969 starring John Wayne and Glen Campbell. This version stars Hailee Steinfeld as Mattie Ross and Jeff Bridges as Deputy U.S. Marshal Reuben J. "Rooster" Cogburn, along with Matt Damon, Josh Brolin, and Barry Pepper.
The Golden 8 is an album by American jazz drummer Kenny Clarke and Belgian jazz composer and pianist Francy Boland recorded in Köln in 1961 and released on the Blue Note label. The album established the relationship which led to the formation of the Kenny Clarke/Francy Boland Big Band.
NigComSat-1, a Nigerian satellite built in 2004, was Nigeria's third satellite and Africa's first communication satellite. It was launched on 13 May 2007, aboard a Chinese Long March 3B carrier rocket, from the Xichang Satellite Launch Centre in China. The spacecraft was operated by NigComSat and the Nigerian Space Agency, NASRDA. On 11 November 2008, NigComSat-1 failed in orbit after running out of power because of an anomaly in its solar array. It was based on the Chinese DFH-4 satellite bus, and carries a variety of transponders: 4 C-band; 14 Ku-band; 8 Ka-band; and 2 L-band. It was designed to provide coverage to many parts of Africa, and the Ka-band transponders would also cover Italy.
"The Times of India" gave the film 1.5 stars out of 5 and wrote, ""Pattaya Kelappanum Pandiyaa" is very much a film from the 1990s. The problem is that it hews closer to the dreary ones from the decade. It is the kind of film that stops for the director to utter a punchline to a joke before displaying his name in the credit". "The New Indian Express" wrote, "The narration could have been crisper towards the latter part. "Pattaya..." may not have the best of screenplays, but it’s a fairly watchable and a clean wholesome family entertainer thanks to humour quotient". Onlykollywood wrote: ""Pattaiya Kelapanum Paandiya" is just another Tamil film which glorifies barbaric stalking in the first half and renders an atrocious justification in the second half. The only saving grace in the film is its occasional situational comedies appearing out of nowhere".
Barangay Pulo (PSGC: 043404013) is one of the eighteen (18) urbanized barangays comprising the city of Cabuyao in the province of Laguna, Philippines. It lies for about 3 kilometers away from the city proper of Cabuyao and is situated along the national highway. According to the 2010 Census, it has a population of 15,124 inhabitants (grew from 13,193 in Census 2007), making it ranked as the 6th largest barangay in Cabuyao when it comes to population.
Stephen Jesse Jackson (born April 5, 1978) is an American retired professional basketball player who played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association with the Brooklyn Nets, Indiana Pacers, Golden State Warriors, Milwaukee Bucks, San Antonio Spurs, and Los Angeles Clippers (NBA). Jackson won an NBA championship in 2003 as a member of the San Antonio Spurs.
Sadie Plant left the University of Warwick in 1997 to write full-time. She published a cultural history of drug use and control, and a report on the social effects of mobile phones, as well as articles in publications as varied as the "Financial Times", "Wired", "Blueprint", and "Dazed and Confused". She published the book Z"eros + Ones" in 1997, in which she reveals how women's role in programming have been overlooked. She was interviewed as one of the 'People to Watch' in the Winter 2000–2001 issue of "Time".
By the Energy Policy Act of 2005, daylight saving time (DST) was extended in the United States beginning in 2007. As from that year, DST begins on the second Sunday of March and ends on the first Sunday of November. In years when April 1 falls on Monday through Wednesday, these changes result in a DST period that is five weeks longer; in all other years the DST period is instead four weeks longer. In 2008 daylight saving time ended at 2: 00 a.m. DST (0200) (1: 00 a.m. ST) on Sunday, November 2, and in 2009 it began at 2: 00 a.m. (3: 00 a.m. DST) on Sunday, March 8. Wyoming Senator Michael Enzi and Michigan Representative Fred Upton advocated the extension from October into November especially to allow children to go trick - or - treating in more daylight.
Seven Seconds is an American crime drama web television series that follows the people involved in investigating the death of a young black boy and the boy's family as they reel after the loss. Veena Sud is the series' creator and executive producer / showrunner, and Gavin O'Connor is the director and executive producer. The series, produced by Fox 21 Television Studios, is based on the Russian movie The Major (2013), written and directed by Yuri Bykov. The first season, consisting of 10 episodes, was released on Netflix on February 23, 2018.
Lost was filmed on Panavision 35 mm cameras almost entirely on the Hawaiian island of Oahu given the easily accessible, wide diversity of filming locations. The original island scenes for the pilot were filmed at Mokulē'ia Beach, near the northwest tip of the island. Later beach scenes take place in secluded spots of the famous North Shore. Cave scenes in the first season were filmed on a sound stage built at a Xerox parts warehouse, which had been empty since an employee mass shooting took place there in 1999.  In 2006, the sound-stage and production offices moved to the Hawaii Film Office-operated Hawaii Film Studio, where the sets depicting Season 2's "Swan Station" and Season 3's "Hydra Station" interiors were built.Various urban areas in and around Honolulu are used as stand-ins for locations around the world, including California, New York, Iowa, Miami, South Korea, Iraq, Nigeria, United Kingdom, Paris, Thailand, Berlin, Maldives, and Australia. For example, scenes set in a Sydney Airport were filmed at the Hawaii Convention Center, while a World War II-era bunker was used as both an Iraqi Republican Guard installation and a Dharma Initiative research station. Scenes set in Germany during the winter were filmed at the Bernice P. Bishop Museum, with crushed ice scattered everywhere to create snow and Russian storeshop and automobile signs on the street. Several scenes in the Season 3 finale, "Through the Looking Glass", were shot in Los Angeles, including a hospital set borrowed from Grey's Anatomy. Two scenes during season four were filmed in London because Alan Dale, who portrays Widmore, was at the time performing in the musical Spamalot and was unable to travel to Hawaii. Extensive archives of filming locations are tracked at a repository at the Lost Virtual Tour.
United Nations Security Council resolution 1264, adopted unanimously on 15 September 1999, after recalling previous resolutions on East Timor (Timor-Leste), the Council authorised the establishment of the multinational International Force for East Timor (INTERFET) to restore peace and security in the territory, facilitate humanitarian assistance and protect the United Nations Mission in East Timor (UNAMET).
The 1968 FIBA Intercontinental Cup was the 3rd edition of the FIBA Intercontinental Cup for men's basketball clubs. It took place at Palestra and Spectrum, Philadelphia. From the FIBA European Champions Cup participated Real Madrid and Simmenthal Milano, from the South American Club Championship participated Botafogo, and from the NABL participated the Akron Wingfoots.
Abu Bakr ibn al-Arabi or, in full Muḥammad b. ʿAbdallāh, Ibn al-ʿArabī al-Maʿāfirī, al-Išbīlī, Abū Bakr ( born in Sevilla in 1076 and died in Fez in 1148) was a judge and scholar of Maliki law from al-Andalus. Like Al-Mu'tamid ibn Abbad Ibn al-Arabi was forced to migrate to Morocco during the reign of the Almoravids. It is reported that he was a student of Al-Ghazali for some time. He was a master of Maliki Jurisprudence. His father was a student of Ibn Hazm although Ibn al-Arabi considered him to be deviated. He also contributed to the spread of Ash'ari theology in Spain. A detailed biography about him was written by his contemporary Qadi Ayyad, the famous Malikite scholar and judge from Ceuta.(died 1149).
Formed by the confluence of the Mumbulla Creek and Dry River, approximately southeast by south of Quaama, the Murrah River flows generally east, before flowing into Murrah Lagoon and reaching its mouth into the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean north of Murrah Beach. The length of the course of the river varies between and .
WRMN (1410 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve the community of Elgin, Illinois. The station's broadcast license is held by Elgin Community Broadcasting LLC.
The Heroes, also known as The Shaolin Heroes, is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Wu Ma and Pao Hsueh Li and starring Ti Lung, Shih Szu and Danny Lee.
The Siege of Germanicia or Marash was led by Muslim forces of the Rashidun Caliphate during their campaigns in Anatolia in 638. The city surrendered without much bloodshed. This expedition is important because it marks the end of the military career of the legendary Arab Muslim general Khalid ibn Walid, who was dismissed from the army a few months after his return from the expedition.
Scarlett O'Hara Scarlett O'Hara as portrayed by Vivien Leigh in the 1939 film adaptation of Gone with the Wind First appearance Gone with the Wind Created by Margaret Mitchell Portrayed by Vivien Leigh (Gone with the Wind) Joanne Whalley (Scarlett) Information Full name Katie Scarlett O'Hara Gender Female Family Gerald O'Hara (father, deceased) Ellen Robillard O'Hara (mother, deceased) Susan Elinor ``Suellen ''O'Hara Benteen (sister) Caroline Irene`` Carreen'' O'Hara (sister) Gerald O'Hara Jr. (name of 3 brothers, all deceased) Spouse (s) Charles Hamilton (1st; deceased) Frank Kennedy (2nd; deceased) Rhett Butler (3rd) Children Wade Hampton Hamilton (son with Charles) Ella Lorena Kennedy (daughter with Frank) Eugenie Victoria ``Bonnie Blue ''Butler (daughter with Rhett; deceased) Katie Colum`` Cat'' Butler (daughter with Rhett in Scarlett) Relatives Langston Butler (father - in - law named in Scarlett; deceased) Eleanor Butler (mother - in - law in sequel Scarlett) Ross Butler (brother - in - law named in Scarlett) Rosemary Butler (sister - in - law) Pauline Robillard (maternal aunt) Eulalie Robillard (maternal aunt) Philippe Robillard (cousin of her mother) James O'Hara (paternal uncle) Andrew O'Hara (paternal uncle) Pierre Robillard (maternal grandfather) Solange Prudhomme Robillard (maternal grandmother) Katie Scarlett O'Hara (paternal grandmother) Will Benteen (brother - in - law) Unnamed Benteen (niece or nephew, via Suellen and Will) Melanie Hamilton (sister - in - law) Beau Wilkes (nephew) Religion Roman Catholicism Nationality Confederate, American
New Super Mario Bros. Wii is a 2009 side - scrolling platform video game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii. A sequel to New Super Mario Bros., the game was released worldwide in November 2009, and in Japan the following month. A high - definition remastered port for the Nvidia Shield TV was released exclusively in China in December 2017.
Peter Shockey is an American filmmaker and screenwriter. He has received a New York City Film Festival award for his television film "Life After Life" (1992). In addition, both he and his works have appeared on talk shows and television shows such as Oprah and the 700 Club. Peter co-wrote the book "Journey of Light" with Stowe D. Shockey and its focus is to implement her experience as an abused child in order to help others. Peter and Stowe both live in Nashville, Tennessee.
Late in the second half, Kevin Moran of Manchester United was sent off for a professional foul on Peter Reid, who was clean through on goal. He became the first player to be dismissed in an FA Cup Final. Television cameras revealed that he had gone for the ball, and not for Peter Reid in the offending tackle. He was later presented with the winner's medal that had at first been withheld. Had Everton won the match they would have completed an unprecedented Treble of League, FA Cup and European Cup Winners' Cup.
He made significant career progress through the court of King Vajiravudh, but left government office to work privately as the country was going through political change which abolished absolute monarchy and decreased government employment of foreigners. However, by adopting a Thai identity and way of life, marrying a Thai woman and settling down permanently, Manfredi remained a relevant and respected figure in Thai architecture, and later became a lecturer at Chulalongkorn University. His works include various royal residences and public institutions, ranging in style from Venetian Gothic to modernist, and incorporated Thai traditional styles as well. He contributed to much of Bangkok's architectural heritage, but no complete records of his works were kept.
The Times, along with the British Film Institute, sponsors the "The Times" bfi London Film Festival. It also sponsors the Cheltenham Literature Festival and the Asia House Festival of Asian Literature at Asia House, London.
The Territory of the Saar Basin (, ; ) was a region of Germany occupied and governed by the United Kingdom and France from 1920 to 1935 under a League of Nations mandate. It had its own flag (adopted on July 28, 1920): a blue, white, and black horizontal tricolour. The blue and white stood for Bavaria, and white and black for Prussia, out of whose lands the Saar Territory was formed. Initially, the occupation was under the auspices of the Treaty of Versailles. Its population in 1933 was 812,000, and its capital was Saarbrücken. The territory closely corresponds with the modern German state of Saarland, but was slightly smaller in area. After a plebiscite was held in 1935, it was returned to Germany.
Winston-Salem State University (WSSU), a constituent institution of the University of North Carolina, is a historically black public research university located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, United States. It is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. WSSU is an accredited university offering baccalaureate and graduate programs to a diverse student population.
Sam Fletcher (1890 in Manchester, England – 22 January 1972 in Cranston, Rhode Island) was an English football (soccer) full back who played professionally in England, Canada and the United States. He later coached the Brown University soccer team.
The Battle of Mine Creek, also known as the Battle of the Osage, was a battle that occurred on October 25, 1864, in Kansas as part of Price's Raid during the American Civil War. In the second largest cavalry engagement of the war, two divisions of Major General Sterling Price's Army of Missouri were routed by two Federal brigades under the command of Colonels Frederick Benteen and John Finis Philips.
Damaraland, like other homelands in South West Africa, was abolished in May 1989 at the start of the transition to independence.
Notable exceptions include the massacre of Jews and forcible conversion of some Jews by the rulers of the Almohad dynasty in Al-Andalus in the 12th century, as well as in Islamic Persia, and the forced confinement of Moroccan Jews to walled quarters known as mellahs beginning from the 15th century and especially in the early 19th century. In modern times, it has become commonplace for standard antisemitic themes to be conflated with anti-Zionist publications and pronouncements of Islamic movements such as Hezbollah and Hamas, in the pronouncements of various agencies of the Islamic Republic of Iran, and even in the newspapers and other publications of Turkish Refah Partisi."
In Syria, Jews of both origins, numbering altogether fewer than 3,000 in 1987, are found. After a mass emigration in 1992, today fewer than 200 Jews live in Syria, mostly in the capital. Syrian Jews are Arabic-speaking and barely distinguishable from the Arabs around them. In Syria, as elsewhere, the degree to which Jews submit to the disciplines of their religion varies.
As of 2010, the maternal mortality rate was 560 deaths/100,000 live births, and the infant mortality rate was 59.34 deaths/1,000 live births. Female genital mutilation (FGM) is rare in the country, being confined to limited geographic areas of the country.
The climate in Southeast Alaska is a mid-latitude oceanic climate (Köppen climate classification: Cfb) in the southern sections and a subarctic oceanic climate (Köppen Cfc) in the northern parts. On an annual basis, Southeast is both the wettest and warmest part of Alaska with milder temperatures in the winter and high precipitation throughout the year. Juneau averages over 50 in (130 cm) of precipitation a year, and Ketchikan averages over 150 in (380 cm). This is also the only region in Alaska in which the average daytime high temperature is above freezing during the winter months.
Scarlet Alliance is Australia's national peak sex worker organisation. It was formed in 1989. As an organisation maintained entirely by current and former sex workers, Scarlet Alliance aims to achieve equality, social, legal, political, cultural and economic justice for workers in the sex industry.
As of December 2014, the annual salary of each Representative is $174,000. The Speaker of the House and the Majority and Minority Leaders earn more: $223,500 for the Speaker and $193,400 for their party leaders (the same as Senate leaders). A cost - of - living - adjustment (COLA) increase takes effect annually unless Congress votes to not accept it. Congress sets members' salaries; however, the Twenty - seventh Amendment to the United States Constitution prohibits a change in salary (but not COLA) from taking effect until after the next election of the whole House. Representatives are eligible for retirement benefits after serving for five years. Outside pay is limited to 15% of congressional pay, and certain types of income involving a fiduciary responsibility or personal endorsement are prohibited.
Egypt Kids is an educational video game, released in 2001 for Windows-based PCs. It was developed by EMG and published by Cryo Interactive under the "Cryo Kids" brand. The game was made in association with Réunion des Musées Nationaux. The Russian version was localised by Nival Interactive. The game is available in English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, and Polish.
The Revolution permanently ended any chance of Catholicism becoming re-established in England. For British Catholics its effects were disastrous both socially and politically: Catholics were denied the right to vote and sit in the Westminster Parliament for over a century; they were also denied commissions in the army, and the monarch was forbidden to be Catholic or to marry a Catholic, this latter prohibition remaining in force until 2015. The Revolution led to limited tolerance for Nonconformist Protestants, although it would be some time before they had full political rights. It has been argued, mainly by Whig historians, that James's overthrow began modern English parliamentary democracy: the Bill of Rights 1689 has become one of the most important documents in the political history of Britain and never since has the monarch held absolute power.
Daenerys Targaryen A Song of Ice and Fire character Game of Thrones character Emilia Clarke as Daenerys Targaryen in the television adaptation Game of Thrones First appearance Novel: A Game of Thrones (1996) Television: ``Winter Is Coming ''(2011) Video game:`` The Sword in the Darkness'' (2015) Created by George R.R. Martin Portrayed by Emilia Clarke (Game of Thrones) Voiced by Emilia Clarke (video game) Information Aliases Daenerys Stormborn Dany Khaleesi Mhysa The Silver Queen Silver Lady Dragonmother The Dragon Queen The Queen Across the Water Gender Female Title Queen of the Andals, the Rhoynar and the First Men (claimant) Protector of the Realm (claimant) Queen of Meereen Khaleesi of the Great Grass Sea Mother of Dragons The Unburnt Breaker of Chains Lady of Dragonstone Family House Targaryen Spouse (s) Drogo Hizdahr zo Loraq Significant other (s) Daario Naharis Jon Snow (TV series) Children Rhaego (stillborn) Relatives Aerys II Targaryen (father) Rhaella Targaryen (mother) Rhaegar Targaryen (brother) Viserys Targaryen (brother) Rhaenys Targaryen (niece) Aegon Targaryen (nephew) Jon Snow (nephew; TV series) Kingdom The Crownlands
William H. Wilkinson was a footballer who made 29 appearances in the Football League playing for Rotherham Town and Lincoln City in the 1890s. A goalkeeper, he also played non-league football for South Shore, Chatham and Gravesend United.
The provinces and territories of Canada are the administrative divisions that are responsible for the delivery of sub-national governance within the geographical areas of Canada under the authority of the Canadian Constitution. In the 1867 Canadian Confederation, three provinces of British North America -- New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and the Province of Canada (which, upon Confederation, was divided into Ontario and Quebec) -- were united to form a federated colony, which eventually became a sovereign nation in the next century. Over its history, Canada's international borders have changed several times, and the country has grown from the original four provinces to the current ten provinces and three territories. The ten provinces are Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia, Ontario, Prince Edward Island, Quebec, and Saskatchewan. Several of the provinces were former British colonies, and Quebec was originally a French colony, while others were added as Canada grew. The three territories are Northwest Territories, Nunavut, and Yukon, which govern the rest of the area of the former British North America. Together, the provinces and territories make up the world's second - largest country by area.
USS "Don" (1862) was a captured British steam-operated cargo ship acquired by the Union Navy from the prize court during the American Civil War.
Sports in the United States are an important part of American culture. Based on revenue, the four major professional sports leagues in the United States are Major League Baseball (MLB), the National Basketball Association (NBA), the National Football League (NFL), and the National Hockey League (NHL). The market for professional sports in the United States is roughly $69 billion, roughly 50% larger than that of all of Europe, the Middle East, and Africa combined. Major League Soccer (MLS) is sometimes included in a ``top five ''of leagues of the country. All four enjoy wide - ranging domestic media coverage and are considered the preeminent leagues in their respective sports in the world, although American football does not have a substantial following in other nations. Three of those leagues have teams that represent Canadian cities, and all four are the most financially lucrative sports leagues of their sport. American football is the most popular sport in the United States followed by basketball, baseball, and soccer. Tennis, golf, wrestling, auto racing, arena football, field lacrosse, box lacrosse and volleyball are also popular sports in the country.
The Dodgers as a franchise have won six World Series titles and 22 National League pennants. 11 NL MVP award winners have played for the Dodgers, winning a total of 13 MVP Awards, Eight Cy Young Award winners have pitched for the Dodgers, winning a total of twelve Cy Young Awards. The team has also produced 18 Rookie of the Year Award winners, twice as many as the next closest team, including four consecutive from 1979 to 1982 and five consecutive from 1992 to 1996.
LeBron James James with the Cavaliers in 2017 No. 23 -- Cleveland Cavaliers Position Small forward League NBA (1984 - 12 - 30) December 30, 1984 (age 33) Akron, Ohio Nationality American Listed height 6 ft 8 in (2.03 m) Listed weight 250 lb (113 kg) Career information High school St. Vincent -- St. Mary (Akron, Ohio) NBA draft 2003 / Round: 1 / Pick: 1st overall Selected by the Cleveland Cavaliers Playing career 2003 -- present Career history 2003 -- 2010 Cleveland Cavaliers 2010 -- 2014 Miami Heat 2014 -- present Cleveland Cavaliers Career highlights and awards 3 × NBA champion (2012, 2013, 2016) 3 × NBA Finals MVP (2012, 2013, 2016) 4 × NBA Most Valuable Player (2009, 2010, 2012, 2013) 14 × NBA All - Star (2005 -- 2018) 3 × NBA All - Star Game MVP (2006, 2008, 2018) 11 × All - NBA First Team (2006, 2008 -- 2017) 2 × All - NBA Second Team (2005, 2007) 5 × NBA All - Defensive First Team (2009 -- 2013) NBA All - Defensive Second Team (2014) NBA Rookie of the Year (2004) NBA All - Rookie First Team (2004) NBA scoring champion (2008) J. Walter Kennedy Citizenship Award (2017) 2 × AP Athlete of the Year (2013, 2016) 2 × Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year (2012, 2016) USA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year (2012) 2 × Mr. Basketball USA (2002, 2003) Naismith Prep Player of the Year (2003) McDonald's All - American Game MVP (2003) 3 × Ohio Mr. Basketball (2001 -- 2003) Stats at NBA.com Stats at Basketball-Reference.com Medals (hide) Men's basketball Representing the United States Olympic Games 2008 Beijing Team 2012 London Team 2004 Athens Team FIBA World Championship 2006 Japan FIBA Americas Championship 2007 Las Vegas
Dominique Pinon (born 4 March 1955) is a French actor. He is known for appearing in films directed by Jean-Pierre Jeunet, often playing eccentric or grotesque characters.
The largest municipality by population in Georgia is Atlanta with 420,003 residents, and the smallest municipality by population is Edge Hill with 24 residents. The largest municipality by land area is Augusta, a consolidated city - county, which spans 302.47 sq mi (783.4 km), while Edge Hill and Santa Claus are tied for the smallest at 0.18 sq mi (0.47 km) each.
Mike Myers as Shrek Eddie Murphy as Donkey Cameron Diaz as Princess Fiona John Lithgow as Lord Farquaad Vincent Cassel as ``Monsieur ''Robin Hood Conrad Vernon as Gingerbread Man Chris Miller as Geppetto / Magic Mirror Cody Cameron as Pinocchio / The Three Little Pigs Simon J. Smith as Three Blind Mice Christopher Knights as Three Blind Mice and Thelonius Aron Warner as Big Bad Wolf Jim Cummings as Captain of the Guards Kathleen Freeman as Old Woman (Donkey's ex-owner) Andrew Adamson as Duloc Mascot (a man dressed in a suit that looks like Lord Farquaad) Bobby Block as Baby Bear from the Three Bears Michael Galasso as Peter Pan Elisa Gabrielli as additional voices
USS "Peril" (AM-272) was an built for the United States Navy during World War II and in commission from 1944 to 1945. In 1945, she was transferred to the Soviet Union and after that served in the Soviet Navy as T-281.
He was awarded several medals from the American Chemical Society, including the Priestley Medal in 1950. He was awarded the Franklin Medal in 1938, the Navy Distinguished Public Service Award in 1948, and the Willard Gibbs Award in 1935.
Tracks include Tucson Raceway Park and Rillito Downs. Tucson Raceway Park hosts NASCAR-sanctioned auto racing events and is one of only two asphalt short tracks in Arizona. Rillito Downs is an in-town destination on weekends in January and February each year. This historic track held the first organized quarter horse races in the world, and they are still racing there. The racetrack is threatened by development. The Moltacqua racetrack, was another historic horse racetrack located on what is now Sabino Canyon Road and Vactor Ranch Trail, but it no longer exists.
The 1827 State of the Union Address was written by John Quincy Adams, the sixth President of the United States. It was given on Tuesday, December 4, 1827, to the United States House of Representatives and United States Senate. Adams said, "A revolution of the seasons has nearly been completed since the representatives of the people and States of this Union were last assembled at this place to deliberate and to act upon the common important interests of their constituents." It was given to the 20th United States Congress.
Beginning around 2005, drug traffickers based in Latin America began to use Guinea-Bissau, along with several neighboring West African nations, as a transshipment point to Europe for cocaine. The nation was described by a United Nations official as being at risk for becoming a "narco-state". The government and the military have done little to stop drug trafficking, which increased after the 2012 coup d'état.
The University of California, Irvine (UCI or UC Irvine) is a public research university located in Irvine, California. It is one of the 10 campuses in the University of California (UC) system. UC Irvine offers 87 undergraduate degrees and 129 graduate and professional degrees. The university is classified as a Research I university and in 2017 had $361 million in research and development expenditures, according to the National Science Foundation. UC Irvine became a member of the Association of American Universities in 1996 and is the youngest university to hold membership. It is considered to be one of the "Public Ivies," meaning that it is among those publicly funded universities thought to provide a quality of education comparable to that of the Ivy League.
Ford Motor Company and Coca-Cola were two of the first sponsors of American Idol in its first season. The sponsorship deal cost around $10 million in season one, rising to $35 million by season 7, and between $50 to $60 million in season 10. The third major sponsor AT&T Wireless joined in the second season but ended after season 12, and Coca-Cola officially ended its sponsorship after season 13 amidst the declining ratings of Idol in the mid-2010s. iTunes sponsored the show since season seven.
The break - up of the Beatles was a cumulative process throughout the period 1968 to 1970, marked by rumours of a split and ambiguous comments by the Beatles themselves regarding the future of the group. Although in September 1969 John Lennon privately informed the other Beatles that he was leaving the group, there was no public acknowledgement of the break - up until Paul McCartney announced on 10 April 1970 he was leaving the Beatles.
Harvard has been highly ranked by many university rankings. In particular, it has consistently topped the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU) since 2003, and the THE World Reputation Rankings since 2011, when the first time such league tables were published. When the QS and Times were published in partnership as the THE-QS World University Rankings during 2004-2009, Harvard had also been regarded the first in every year. The University's undergraduate program has been continuously among the top two in the U.S. News & World Report. In 2014, Harvard topped the University Ranking by Academic Performance (URAP). It was ranked 8th on the 2013-2014 PayScale College Salary Report and 14th on the 2013 PayScale College Education Value Rankings. From a poll done by The Princeton Review, Harvard is the second most commonly named "dream college", both for students and parents in 2013, and was the first nominated by parents in 2009. In 2011, the Mines ParisTech : Professional Ranking World Universities ranked Harvard 1st university in the world in terms of number of alumni holding CEO position in Fortune Global 500 companies.
The Main Attraction is an album by American jazz guitarist Grant Green featuring performances recorded in 1976 and released on the Kudu label.
Since Ars Nova's founding, they've launched the careers of luminaries like Lin - Manuel Miranda (Pulitzer - winning playwright / composer of Hamilton & In The Heights), Liz Meriwether (Emmy - nominated creator of television's New Girl), Beau Willimon (Emmy - winning creator of Netflix's House of Cards), Amy Herzog (OBIE Award - winning playwright of 4000 Miles), Dave Malloy (Richard Rogers Award for Musical Theatre winner for Natasha, Pierre & the Great Comet of 1812), Annie Baker (Pulitzer Prize - winning playwright of The Flick & Circle Mirror Transformation), Thomas Kail (Director of In The Heights and Hamilton), Alex Timbers (two - time tony nominated writer and director, recently directed Rocky, and Peter and the Starcatcher), Billy Eichner (creator of Funny or Die's Billy on the Street), and Bridget Everett (comedian and cabaret performer), among others.
The 6th Day is a 2000 American science fiction action film directed by Roger Spottiswoode and starring Arnold Schwarzenegger, Tony Goldwyn, Michael Rapaport and Robert Duvall. In the film, a family man of the future is illegally cloned by accident as part of a vast conspiracy involving a shady billionaire businessman, and is thrust into a struggle to clear his name and protect his family from the conspirators who seek to keep the cloning a secret. The title refers to the Christian Genesis creation narrative, where God created mankind on the sixth day. The film was Terry Crews' acting debut.
Codos is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2009 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 260 inhabitants.
The Battle of the Falkland Islands was a naval action between the British Royal Navy and Imperial German Navy on 8 December 1914, during the First World War in the South Atlantic. The British, after the defeat at the Battle of Coronel on 1 November, sent a large force to track down and destroy the victorious German cruiser squadron. The battle is commemorated every year on 8 December in the Falkland Islands as a public holiday.
Płoska - is a river in east Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship, a left tributary of the Supraśl River, with a length of 23,6 kilometres and the basin area of 216 km. There is good river for rafting. The largest tributary is Świniobródka.
Every year, each of the 30 NBA teams nominates one of its players to compete for this award. From these nominees, one player from each NBA division are selected by a panel as the divisional Sportsmanship Award winners. At the end of the regular season, players in the league cast votes for the award, with eleven points given for each first-place vote, nine for second-place vote, seven points for third, five points for fourth, three points for fifth and one point for each sixth place vote received. The player with the highest point total, regardless of the number of first-place votes, wins the award and presented with the Joe Dumars Trophy; named after the former Detroit Pistons player and the award's inaugural recipient.Grant Hill has won the award three times; the most in NBA history.  Kemba Walker, Jason Kidd and Mike Conley are the only other players to have won it multiple times, each having done so twice.
Winnipeg's Most was a Canadian hip hop group, made up of the MC's Jon-C (Billy Pierson), Charlie Fettah (Tyler Rogers), and Brooklyn (Jamie Prefontaine). They were based in the city of Winnipeg, Manitoba. Jon-C and Brooklyn are both Aboriginal artists, and the group was featured in the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation documentary series "8th Fire". The group released two albums and a number of singles and videos, some of which where played on MuchMusic. The group won several Aboriginal Peoples Choice Music Awards in 2010, including the award for Best New Artist, and they won six APCMA's in 2011.
Joaquín Cruz Pérez or Joaquín Pérez y Cruz (1860–1939) was an early Guam judge and acting-Governor of Guam from February 1 to April 20, 1899. He was first appointed as Justice of the Peace in 1894 by the Spanish government of Guam. After the capture of Guam by the United States during the Spanish–American War, he retained his role as a judge, sometimes unofficially. (In 1910, the United States Navy took control of the Guam courts system over an issue of intermarriage.) In 1915, the United States restored the local judiciary and Cruz Pérez was appointed as an Associate Justice in an earlier Supreme Court of Guam, not related to the present Supreme Court.
John Breathitt (September 9, 1786 – February 21, 1834) was the 11th Governor of Kentucky. He was the first Democrat to hold this office and was the second Kentucky governor to die in office. Shortly after his death, Breathitt County, Kentucky was created and named in his honor.
Arthur Carlaw was a New Zealand rugby league player who played a role in the establishment of the sport in New Zealand and represented New Zealand.
Gunma 1st district is a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan (national legislature). It is located in Gunma Prefecture and consists of the cities of Maebashi, Numata, parts of Kiryū and Shibukawa as well as the Seta and Tone districts. As of 2012, 387,120 eligible voters were registered in the district.
The Hyundai Global 900 (hangul:현대 글로벌900) is a heavy-duty bus built by Hyundai Motor Company. It was primarily available as short-body city bus and tourist buses.
"Nothing Suits Me Like a Suit" is a song performed by Neil Patrick Harris and the cast of the comedy series "How I Met Your Mother" from the 100th episode "Girls Versus Suits". Carter Bays and Craig Thomas were nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics for writing the song.
Urban heat islands (UHI) are metropolitan areas with higher temperatures than that of the surrounding environment. The higher temperatures are a result of increased absorption of the Solar light by urban materials such as asphalt and concrete, which have lower albedos and higher heat capacities than those in the natural environment. A straightforward method of counteracting the UHI effect is to paint buildings and roads white and plant trees. Using these methods, a hypothetical "cool communities" program in Los Angeles has projected that urban temperatures could be reduced by approximately 3 °C at an estimated cost of US$1 billion, giving estimated total annual benefits of US$530 million from reduced air-conditioning costs and healthcare savings.
Stadio Erasmo Iacovone is a multi-use stadium in Taranto, Italy. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Taranto Sport. The stadium holds 27,584 people.
Prince Edward Island (PEI or P.E.I.; French: Île - du - Prince - Édouard) is a province of Canada consisting of the island of the same name, and several much smaller islands. Prince Edward Island is one of the three Maritime Provinces and is the smallest province in both land area and population. It is part of the traditional lands of the Mi'kmaq, and became a British colony in the 1700s and was federated into Canada as a province in 1873. Its capital is Charlottetown. According to the 2016 census, the province of Prince Edward Island has 142,907 residents.
Anzoátegui State (, ) is one of the 23 component states of Venezuela, located in the northeastern region of the country. Anzoátegui is well known for its beaches that attract many visitors. Its coast consists of a single beach approximately 100 km long. Its capital is the city of Barcelona, and significant cities include Puerto la Cruz and El Tigre.
The Parliament of India can pass a law to amend the Constitution and provide a Legislature with elected Members and a Chief Minister for a Union Territory, as it has done for Delhi and Puducherry. In general, The President of India appoints an administrator or lieutenant - governor for each UT. There are seven union territories, including Chandigarh, the joint capital of Punjab and Haryana.
Executive authority in Saint Helena is vested in Queen Elizabeth II and is exercised on her behalf by the Governor of Saint Helena. The Governor is appointed by the Queen on the advice of the British government. Defence and Foreign Affairs remain the responsibility of the United Kingdom.
Sunni Islam of the Hanafi school has been officially recognized by the government since 2009. Tajikistan considers itself a secular state with a Constitution providing for freedom of religion. The Government has declared two Islamic holidays, Id Al-Fitr and Idi Qurbon, as state holidays. According to a U.S. State Department release and Pew research group, the population of Tajikistan is 98% Muslim. Approximately 87%–95% of them are Sunni and roughly 3% are Shia and roughly 7% are non-denominational Muslims. The remaining 2% of the population are followers of Russian Orthodoxy, Protestantism, Zoroastrianism and Buddhism. A great majority of Muslims fast during Ramadan, although only about one third in the countryside and 10% in the cities observe daily prayer and dietary restrictions.
USS "Chimaera" (ARL-33) was one of 39 "Achelous"-class landing craft repair ships built for the United States Navy during World War II. Named for the Chimaera (a mythological character, symbolic of the destructive forces of nature), she was the only U.S. Naval vessel to bear the name.
In 2004, Bank of America announced it would purchase Boston - based bank FleetBoston Financial for $47 billion in cash and stock. By merging with Bank of America, all of its banks and branches were given the Bank of America logo. At the time of merger, FleetBoston was the seventh largest bank in United States with $197 billion in assets, over 20 million customers and revenue of $12 billion. Hundreds of FleetBoston workers lost their jobs or were demoted, according to The Boston Globe.
Wilma Jeanne Cooper (October 25, 1928 -- May 8, 2013) was an American actress, best known for her role as Katherine Chancellor on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless (1973 -- 2013). At the time of her death, she was eighth on the all - time list of longest - serving soap opera actors in the United States. She was the mother of actor Corbin Bernsen.
UNFPA is the world's largest multilateral source of funding for population and reproductive health programs. The Fund works with governments and non-governmental organizations in over 150 countries with the support of the international community, supporting programs that help women, men and young people:
Cuevas de San Clemente is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 59 inhabitants.
Prior to moving its headquarters to Chicago, aerospace manufacturer Boeing (#30) was the largest company based in Seattle. Its largest division is still headquartered in nearby Renton, and the company has large aircraft manufacturing plants in Everett and Renton, so it remains the largest private employer in the Seattle metropolitan area. Former Seattle Mayor Greg Nickels announced a desire to spark a new economic boom driven by the biotechnology industry in 2006. Major redevelopment of the South Lake Union neighborhood is underway, in an effort to attract new and established biotech companies to the city, joining biotech companies Corixa (acquired by GlaxoSmithKline), Immunex (now part of Amgen), Trubion, and ZymoGenetics. Vulcan Inc., the holding company of billionaire Paul Allen, is behind most of the development projects in the region. While some see the new development as an economic boon, others have criticized Nickels and the Seattle City Council for pandering to Allen's interests at taxpayers' expense. Also in 2006, Expansion Magazine ranked Seattle among the top 10 metropolitan areas in the nation for climates favorable to business expansion. In 2005, Forbes ranked Seattle as the most expensive American city for buying a house based on the local income levels. In 2013, however, the magazine ranked Seattle No. 9 on its list of the Best Places for Business and Careers.
USS "Watts" (DD-567) was a "Fletcher"-class destroyer of the United States Navy. It was named for Captain John Watts ("ca."1778–1823), who fought French privateers during the Quasi-War with France.
Al gran sole carico d'amore ("In the Bright Sunshine Heavy with Love") is an opera (designated as an 'azione scenica') with music by Luigi Nono, based mainly on plays by Bertolt Brecht, but also incorporating texts of Fidel Castro, Che Guevara, Karl Marx, and Vladimir Lenin. Nono himself and Yuri Lyubimov wrote the libretto. It premiered at the Teatro alla Scala on 4 April 1975, conducted by Claudio Abbado. Lyubimov directed the original production. The UK premiere was at the 32nd Edinburgh Festival in 1978. In addition to vocal soloists, chorus and orchestra, the work incorporates taped sounds. This work is a product of Nono's strong political activism through the mid-1970s.
Mark Richard Hobson (born 2 September 1969) is a British spree killer who killed four people in North Yorkshire, England in July 2004. He was arrested after an eight-day nationwide manhunt involving more than 500 police officers and 12 police forces, during which time he was Britain's "most wanted man".
Albert Bedouce (8 January 1869, Toulouse – 4 August 1947) was a French politician. He joined at first the French Workers' Party (POF), which in 1902 merged into the Socialist Party of France (PSdF), which in turn merged into the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) in 1905. Bedouce was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1906 to 1919 and from 1924 to 1940. He was Minister of Public Works from 1936 to 1937. In the 1939 presidential election Bedouce was the candidate of the SFIO, but lost to Albert Lebrun, the candidate of the Democratic Republican Alliance. On 10 July 1940, he voted in favour of granting the Cabinet presided by Marshal Philippe Pétain authority to draw up a new constitution, thereby effectively ending the French Third Republic and establishing Vichy France. For this he was expelled from the SFIO after the Liberation of France. In 1945 he joined, with his associate Émile Berlia, the newly founded Democratic Socialist Party (PSD).
Frozen Run is a tributary of Hemlock Creek in Columbia County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately long and flows through Hemlock Township. The watershed of the stream has an area of . The stream flows through Frosty Valley and is also near a fault. It is designated as a coldwater fishery. Parts of the watershed are impaired due to siltation. The stream has several unnamed tributaries.
Villarreal de Huerva is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2010 census, the municipality has a population of 202 inhabitants.
Season 2 of Hell's Kitchen was cast during November 2005, started on June 12, 2006 and concluded on August 14, 2006. The winner was Heather West. Her prize was the position of executive chef at the Red Rock Resort Spa and Casino in Las Vegas with a salary of $250,000, where she worked as chef at the Terra Rossa Restaurant.
As of 2006, California had an estimated population of 37,172,015, more than 12 percent of the U.S. population. This includes a natural increase since the last census of 1,557,112 people (that is 2,781,539 births minus 1,224,427 deaths) and an increase due to net migration of 751,419 people. Immigration resulted in a net increase of 1,415,879 people, and migration from within the U.S. produced a net decrease of 564,100 people. California is the 13th fastest - growing state. As of 2008, the total fertility rate was 2.15. The most recent census reports the population of California is 39,144,818.
Oklahoma's judicial branch consists of the Oklahoma Supreme Court, the Oklahoma Court of Criminal Appeals, and 77 District Courts that each serves one county. The Oklahoma judiciary also contains two independent courts: a Court of Impeachment and the Oklahoma Court on the Judiciary. Oklahoma has two courts of last resort: the state Supreme Court hears civil cases, and the state Court of Criminal Appeals hears criminal cases (this split system exists only in Oklahoma and neighboring Texas). Judges of those two courts, as well as the Court of Civil Appeals are appointed by the Governor upon the recommendation of the state Judicial Nominating Commission, and are subject to a non-partisan retention vote on a six-year rotating schedule.
The central part of the Sahara is hyperarid, with little to no vegetation. The northern and southern reaches of the desert, along with the highlands, have areas of sparse grassland and desert shrub, with trees and taller shrubs in wadis where moisture collects. In the central, hyperarid part, there are many subdivisions of the great desert such as the Tanezrouft, the Ténéré, the Libyan Desert, the Eastern Desert, the Nubian Desert and others. These absolute desert regions are characterized by their extreme aridity, and some years can pass without any rainfall.
In terms of an object on the celestial sphere, Kappa Fornacis is a fifth magnitude star that lies close to the border between the northerly border of Fornax with Cetus. At magnitude 5.2, it is approximately the seventh-brightest star in the constellation.
South Korea, officially the Republic of Korea (abbreviated ROK), is a sovereign state in East Asia, constituting the southern part of the Korean Peninsula. Officially, its territory consists of the whole Korean Peninsula and its adjacent islands, which are largely mountainous. South Koreans lead a distinctive urban lifestyle, as half of them live in high - rises concentrated in the Seoul Capital Area with 25 million residents. The capital Seoul is the world's sixth leading global city with the fifth largest economy and is the seventh most sustainable city in the world.
The movie received mixed to positive reviews from critics. Srijana Mitra Das of Times of India gave it 3.5 stars out of 5 and stated, "Shamitabh has a doubly dramatic act - but less emotion". Indian Express gave the movie 2 stars. Rajeev Masand of IBNLIVe gave the movie 2.5 stars stating "The promising film comes undone by the curse of the second half". The Guardian gave average reviews describing the movie "Amitabh Bachchan in affectionate but incoherent satire".
Another model is the FEELS model developed by Xie Bangxiu and deployed successfully in China. "FEELS" stands for five things in curriculum and education: Flexible-goals, Engaged-learner, Embodied-knowledge, Learning-through-interactions, and Supportive-teacher. It is used for understanding and evaluating educational curriculum under the assumption that the purpose of education is to "help a person become whole." This work is in part the product of cooperation between Chinese government organizations and the Institute for the Postmodern Development of China.
2016 NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Tournament 2016 Women's Final Four logo Season 2015 -- 16 Teams 64 Finals site Bankers Life Fieldhouse Indianapolis Champions Connecticut Huskies (11th title, 11th title game, 17th Final Four) Runner - up Syracuse Orange (1st title game, 1st Final Four) Semifinalists Oregon State Beavers (1st Final Four) Washington Huskies (1st Final Four) Winning coach Geno Auriemma (11th title) MOP Breanna Stewart (Connecticut) NCAA Division I Women's Tournaments ``2015 2017 ''
In the United Kingdom, Parliament consists of the House of Commons, the House of Lords, and the Monarch. The House of Commons is composed of 650 (soon to be 600) members who are directly elected by British citizens to represent single - member constituencies. The leader of a Party that wins more than half the seats, or less than half but is able to gain the support of smaller parties to achieve a majority in the house is invited by the Monarch to form a government. The House of Lords is a body of long - serving, unelected members: Lords Temporal - 92 of whom inherit their titles (and of whom 90 are elected internally by members of the House to lifetime seats), 588 of whom have been appointed to lifetime seats, and Lords Spiritual - 26 bishops, who are part of the house while they remain in office.
The ZEC Jeannotte is a zone d'exploitation contrôlée (Controlled harvesting area), located in Lac-Édouard, in the administrative region of Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada.
Triglav National Park (TNP) () is the only national park in Slovenia. It was established in its modern form in 1981 and is located in the northwestern part of the country, respectively the southeastern part of the Alpine massif. Mount Triglav, the highest peak of Julian Alps, stands almost in the middle of the national park. From it the valleys spread out radially, supplying water to two large river systems with their sources in the Julian Alps: the Soča and the Sava, flowing to the Adriatic and Black Sea, respectively.
Villa Wartholz was designed by Heinrich von Ferstel in the historicist style in the years 1870 to 1872 for Archduke Karl Ludwig of Austria. The castle-like building with towers was for recreational purposes, not for military means. The villa was designed with a view over the valley. Karl Ludwig spent so much time in this area, he reserved this place only for hunting by the imperial court. It was built near by his home Karl-Ludwig-Haus on the Rax.
The atmosphere is severely dry nine months of the year, and average annual snowfall is only 18 inches (46 cm), due to the rain shadow effect. Western passes receive small amounts of fresh snow each year but remain traversible all year round. Low temperatures are prevalent throughout these western regions, where bleak desolation is unrelieved by any vegetation bigger than a low bush, and where wind sweeps unchecked across vast expanses of arid plain. The Indian monsoon exerts some influence on eastern Tibet. Northern Tibet is subject to high temperatures in the summer and intense cold in the winter.
Dooley Wilson as Sam. He was one of the few American - born members of the cast. A drummer, he had to fake playing the piano. Even after shooting had been completed, producer Wallis considered dubbing over Wilson's voice for the songs. He had originally considered changing the character to a woman and casting singers Hazel Scott, Lena Horne, or Ella Fitzgerald.
Texas Declaration of Independence 1836 facsimile of the Texas Declaration of Independence Created March 2, 1836 Ratified March 3, 1836 Location Engrossed copy: Texas State Library and Archives Commission Signatories 60 delegates to the Consultation Purpose To announce and explain separation from Mexico
The Franco-Prussian War was a conflict between France and Prussia, while Prussia was backed up by the North German Confederation, of which it was a member, and the South German states of Baden, Württemberg and Bavaria. The complete Prussian and German victory brought about the final unification of Germany under King Wilhelm I of Prussia. It also marked the downfall of Napoleon III and the end of the Second French Empire, which was replaced by the Third Republic. As part of the settlement, almost all of the territory of Alsace-Lorraine was taken by Prussia to become a part of Germany, which it would retain until the end of World War I.
Ice hockey, referred to as simply ``hockey '', is Canada's most prevalent winter sport, its most popular spectator sport, and its most successful sport in international competition. It is Canada's official national winter sport. Lacrosse, a sport with Indigenous origins, is Canada's oldest and official summer sport. Canadian football is Canada's second most popular spectator sport, being the most popular in the prairie provinces. The Canadian Football League's annual championship, the Grey Cup, is one of the country's largest annual sports events. While other sports have a larger spectator base, Association football, known in Canada as soccer in both English and French, has the most registered players of any team sport in Canada. Professional teams exist in many cities in Canada. Statistics Canada reports that the top ten sports that Canadians participate in are golf, ice hockey, swimming, soccer, basketball, baseball, volleyball, skiing (downhill and alpine), cycling and tennis.
To relieve pressure from the expected German attack into Alsace-Lorraine, Napoleon III and the French high command planned a seaborne invasion of northern Germany as soon as war began. The French expected the invasion to divert German troops and to encourage Denmark to join in the war, with its 50,000-strong army and the Royal Danish Navy. It was discovered that Prussia had recently built defences around the big North German ports, including coastal artillery batteries with Krupp heavy artillery, which with a range of 4,000 yards (3,700 m), had double the range of French naval guns. The French Navy lacked the heavy guns to engage the coastal defences and the topography of the Prussian coast made a seaborne invasion of northern Germany impossible.
Archaeological and historical evidence suggests the Athabaskan ancestors of the Navajos and Apaches entered the Southwest around 1400 CE. The Navajo oral tradition is said to retain references of this migration.
Chopin's tombstone, featuring the muse of music, Euterpe, weeping over a broken lyre, was designed and sculpted by Clésinger. The expenses of the funeral and monument, amounting to 5,000 francs, were covered by Jane Stirling, who also paid for the return of the composer's sister Ludwika to Warsaw. Ludwika took Chopin's heart in an urn, preserved in alcohol, back to Poland in 1850.[n 9] She also took a collection of two hundred letters from Sand to Chopin; after 1851 these were returned to Sand, who seems to have destroyed them.
Gold Hill is a small unincorporated community in southeastern Rowan County, North Carolina near the Cabarrus County line. It is situated near the Yadkin River and is served by U.S. Highway 52 and Old Beatty Ford Road. Gold was found in this small town outside Salisbury in the 19th century.
Chan married Zuckerberg on May 19, 2012, the day after Facebook's stock market launch.On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already had three miscarriages. Chan and Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter Maxima Chan Zuckerberg on December 1, 2015. On August 28, 2017, Chan gave birth to their second daughter, whom they named August.
The ancient monarchy of China ceased to exist in 1912 after the revolution of Sun Yat - sen overthrew Emperor Puyi. General Yuan Shikai, then provisional president, unsuccessfully tried to make himself a monarch in 1915.
James L. Bailey (born May 21, 1957) is a retired American professional basketball player. A 6'9" (2.06 m) forward/center from Rutgers University, he was selected with the 6th pick of the 1979 NBA Draft by the Seattle SuperSonics. Nicknamed "Jammin' James," he spent 9 seasons (1979–1988) in the National Basketball Association (NBA), playing for the Sonics as well as the New Jersey Nets, Houston Rockets, New York Knicks, and Phoenix Suns. He ended his NBA career with 5,246 total points.
Alcidice (Ancient Greek: Ἀλκιδίκη) was in Greek mythology the daughter of Aleus, king of Arcadia. She married Salmoneus, king of Elis and bore a daughter, Tyro. After her death Salmoneus married Sidero.
Mexico adopted daylight saving time (Spanish: horario de verano) nationwide in 1996, even in its tropical regions, because of its increasing economic ties to the United States. Although the United States has changed the schedule for DST beginning in 2007, only the municipalities located less than 20 km from the border have adopted the change. Daylight saving time for Mexico begins the first Sunday of April and ends last Sunday of October; and is usually referred to as the ``Summer Schedule ''(Horario de Verano). Add one hour.
The Beach is a 2000 English - language drama film directed by Danny Boyle and based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Alex Garland, which was adapted for the film by John Hodge. The film stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tilda Swinton, Virginie Ledoyen, Guillaume Canet, and Robert Carlyle. It was filmed on the Thai island Koh Phi Phi.
A new Belarusian constitution enacted in early 1994 paved the way for the first democratic presidential election on 23 June and 10 July. Six candidates stood in the first round, including Lukashenko, who campaigned as an independent on a populist platform. Shushkevich and Kebich also ran, with the latter regarded as the clear favorite. Lukashenko won 45.1% of the vote while Kebich received 17.4%, Zyanon Paznyak received 12.9% and Shushkevich, along with two other candidates, received less than 10% of votes. Lukashenko won the second round of the election on 10 July with 80.1% of the vote. Shortly after his election, he addressed the State Duma of the Russian Federation in Moscow proposing a new Union of Slavic states, which would culminate in the creation of the Union of Russia and Belarus in 1999.
New Haven's economy originally was based in manufacturing, but the postwar period brought rapid industrial decline; the entire Northeast was affected, and medium-sized cities with large working-class populations, like New Haven, were hit particularly hard. Simultaneously, the growth and expansion of Yale University further affected the economic shift. Today, over half (56%) of the city's economy is now made up of services, in particular education and health care; Yale is the city's largest employer, followed by Yale – New Haven Hospital. Other large employers include St. Raphael Hospital, Smilow Cancer Hospital, Southern Connecticut State University, Assa Abloy Manufacturing, the Knights of Columbus headquarters, Higher One, Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Covidien and United Illuminating. Yale and Yale-New Haven are also among the largest employers in the state, and provide more $100,000+-salaried positions than any other employer in Connecticut.[citation needed]
Chunggang County is a "kun", or county, in northern Chagang province, North Korea. It was originally part of Huchang county in Ryanggang, and for that reason older sources still identify it as being part of Huchang. The county seat was originally known as Chunggangjin (중강진), but is now known as Chunggang "ŭp". Chunggang looks across the Yalu River at China, and borders Ryanggang province to the south.
The nation's economy is fueled by abundant natural resources, a well - developed infrastructure, and high productivity. It has the second - highest total - estimated value of natural resources, valued at $45 trillion in 2016. Americans have the highest average household and employee income among OECD nations, and in 2010, they had the fourth - highest median household income, down from second - highest in 2007. The United States has held the world's largest national economy (not including colonial empires) since at least the 1890s. It is the world's third - largest producer of oil and natural gas. In 2016, it was the world's largest trading nation as well as its second - largest manufacturer, representing a fifth of the global manufacturing output. The U.S. also has both the largest economy and the largest industrial sector, at 2005 prices according to the UNCTAD. The U.S. not only has the largest internal market for goods, but also dominates the trade in services. U.S. total trade amounted to $4.92 trillion in 2016. Of the world's 500 largest companies, 134 are headquartered in the US.
In addition to numerous articles on mathematics, Whitehead wrote three major books on the subject: A Treatise on Universal Algebra (1898), Principia Mathematica (co-written with Bertrand Russell and published in three volumes between 1910 and 1913), and An Introduction to Mathematics (1911). The former two books were aimed exclusively at professional mathematicians, while the latter book was intended for a larger audience, covering the history of mathematics and its philosophical foundations. Principia Mathematica in particular is regarded as one of the most important works in mathematical logic of the 20th century.
Central Prison is a prison operated by the North Carolina Department of Correction (NCDOC) in Raleigh, North Carolina. The prison, west of Downtown Raleigh, is on of land and is bounded by a double wire fence with a razor ribbon on top. NCDOC describes the original building as "castle-like."
Adolf Rudnicki, born Aron Hirschhorn (February 19, 1912, Warsaw − November 14, 1990, Warsaw) was a Polish author and essayist, best known for his works about The Holocaust and the Jewish resistance in Poland during World War II.
The German equivalent was used with the founding of the North German Confederation whose constitution granted legislative power over the protection of intellectual property (Schutz des geistigen Eigentums) to the confederation. When the administrative secretariats established by the Paris Convention (1883) and the Berne Convention (1886) merged in 1893, they located in Berne, and also adopted the term intellectual property in their new combined title, the United International Bureaux for the Protection of Intellectual Property.
Party 'Til You're Broke is the ninth studio album by funk band Rufus, released on the MCA Records label in 1981. "Party 'Til You're Broke" which was the band's second album not to be fronted by Chaka Khan reached #24 on "Billboard"'s R&B Albums chart and #73 on Pop and included the singles "Tonight We Love" (US R&B #18, US Dance #64) and "Hold on to a Friend" (US R&B #56), making "Party 'Til You're Broke" the most successful Khan-less album from Rufus.
The Happy Journey to Trenton and Camden is a one act play by American novelist and playwright Thornton Wilder written in 1931. It was first published in "The Long Christmas Dinner and Other Plays in One Act" (New York: Coward-McCann, 1931).
The United Church of Canada (French: Église unie du Canada) is a mainline Reformed denomination and the largest Protestant Christian denomination in Canada, and the largest Canadian Christian denomination after the Catholic Church. In 2011, Statistics Canada reported approximately 2 million people identifying as adherents. The United Church was founded in 1925 as a merger of four Protestant denominations with a total combined membership of about 600,000 members: the Methodist Church, Canada, the Congregational Union of Ontario and Quebec, two - thirds of the congregations of the Presbyterian Church in Canada, and the Association of Local Union Churches, a movement predominantly of the Canadian Prairie provinces. The Canadian Conference of the Evangelical United Brethren Church joined the United Church of Canada on January 1, 1968.
During Mubarak's reign, the political scene was dominated by the National Democratic Party, which was created by Sadat in 1978. It passed the 1993 Syndicates Law, 1995 Press Law, and 1999 Nongovernmental Associations Law which hampered freedoms of association and expression by imposing new regulations and draconian penalties on violations.[citation needed] As a result, by the late 1990s parliamentary politics had become virtually irrelevant and alternative avenues for political expression were curtailed as well.
The Eagles disbanded in July 1980 but reunited in 1994 for the album Hell Freezes Over, a mix of live and new studio tracks. They toured consistently and were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998. In 2007, the Eagles released Long Road Out of Eden, their first full studio album in 28 years and their sixth number - one album. The next year they launched the Long Road Out of Eden Tour in support of the album. In 2013, they began the extended History of the Eagles Tour in conjunction with the band's documentary release, History of the Eagles.
Carmelo Imbriani (10 February 1976 – 15 February 2013) was an Italian footballer and former coach of Benevento in Lega Pro Prima Divisione.
``Bad News ''is the 13th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and their 125th episode overall. It aired January 3, 2011. TV Guide listed`` Bad News'' in its list of 2011's Top TV Episodes.
Mbieri is a town in southeastern Nigeria and one of the indigenous Igbo clans that conquered parts of the old Owerri province. Mbieri is in Mbaitoli council of Imo State and it is the biggest of the original nine towns of Mbaitoli.Mbieri is blessed with abundant hydrocarbon that traversed the Obazu, Amaulu, Achi, Eziome and Umuagwu axis.
WOCA is a commercial radio station in Ocala, Florida, broadcasting to the Ocala area on 1370 AM. WOCA broadcasts a variety of syndicated and conservative-leaning programs, including "The Glenn Beck Program" and "The Clark Howard Show" each weekday, and Fox Sports Radio on weekends. The station also produces shows for a number of local commentators. WOCA signed on on November 19, 1957 as WHYS. In 1959, the call letters were changed to WKOS. In 1965, the station adopted a Top 40 format as WWKE. The station then switched to the current calls, WOCA in 1983.
"Only When I Love" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Holly Dunn. It was released in August 1987 as the second single from the album "Cornerstone". The song reached #4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. It was written by Dunn, Tom Shapiro and Chris Waters.
Carpetania was an ancient region of what is today Spain, located between the Sierra de Guadarrama, the mountains of Toledo, the river Guadiana and the mountain range of Alcaraz, including approximately, the present independent communities of Madrid and Castile-La Mancha. It was inhabited by the Carpetani, a pre-Roman tribe. To the south dwelt the Oretani, on the northeast were Celtiberians whose tribes are not further specified. On the northwest to the Vaccei and Vettones. This area was easily conquered by the Romans and quickly integrated culturally and politically. Thus it is practically unmentioned in the literature of the conquest. Its main urban nuclei (Toletum, corresponding to present Toledo; Complutum, the present Alcalá de Henares, Consabura, the present Consuegra, Segóbriga (Saelices, River basin) and Laminio) acquired municipal legal statutes soon after the Roman conquest.
The Dep River () is a tributary of the Zeya River (itself a tributary of the Amur River) in eastern Russia.
Orenco Woods Nature Park is a park located in Hillsboro, Oregon, United States. The site was formerly nine-hole Orenco Woods Golf Course in the Orenco neighborhood owned by the Hillsboro Elks. The eastern edge is bounded by Cornelius Pass Road and the tracks for the MAX Blue Line form the northern boundary. Rock Creek flows through the site between Orchard Park upstream and Noble Woods Park downstream, with the Rock Creek Trail planned to connect all three parks.
Horse with a Heart is the first studio album by Altan, released in May 1989 on the Green Linnet Records label.
The Ming dynasty granted titles to lamas of schools such as the Karmapa Kargyu, but the latter had previously declined Mongol invitations to receive titles. When the Ming Yongle Emperor invited Je Tsongkhapa (1357–1419), founder of the Gelug school, to come to the Ming court and pay tribute, the latter declined. Wang and Nyima write that this was due to old age and physical weakness, and also because of efforts being made to build three major monasteries. Chen Qingying states that Tsongkhapa wrote a letter to decline the Emperor's invitation, and in this reply, Tsongkhapa wrote:
The Sistema Bibliotecario Consortile Antonio Panizzi is a public library system in the Province of Varese, Italy. The system headquarters are in Gallarate. It is named after Sir Anthony Panizzi.
Decatur Mall (formerly Beltline Mall, River Oaks Center, and Colonial Mall Decatur) is a regional shopping mall located southwest of downtown Decatur, Alabama on State Route 67. The mall is owned and managed by Hull Property Group. It is the only mall in the Decatur Metropolitan Area. Anchor stores include Belk and Electronic Express. The mall also features a Chuck E. Cheese's.
Victor Razafimahatratra, SJ (8 September 1921 – 6 October 1993) was a Malagasy Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Antananarivo from 1976 until his death, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1976.
Oliver Castle was a medieval tower house, located in the upper Tweed Valley in the Scottish Borders. The site of the hillfort known as Oliver Castle is to the north of the village of Tweedsmuir, although the site of the tower house is less certain. Mentioned in a document of c.1200, it was originally part of the line of peel towers along the Tweed Valley. It was replaced in the seventeenth century by a house, which was itself replaced in the late 18th century by the present Oliver House. For most of its existence the property has been owned by members of the Tweedie family.
Douglas Lee Williams (born August 9, 1955) is a former American football quarterback and former head coach of the Grambling State Tigers football team. Williams is known for his remarkable performance in Super Bowl XXII. Williams, who was named the Super Bowl MVP, passed for a Super Bowl record 340 yards and four touchdowns, with one interception. He was the first African - American starting quarterback to win a Super Bowl. Williams also became the first player in Super Bowl history to pass for four touchdowns in a single quarter, and four in a half. Williams is now a team executive for the Redskins, being hired for that role in 2014.
The implications are multiple as various research traditions are now[when?] heavily utilizing the lens of identity to examine phenomena.[citation needed] One implication of identity and of identity construction can be seen in occupational settings. This becomes increasing challenging in stigmatized jobs or "dirty work" (Hughes, 1951). Tracy and Trethewey (2005) state that "individuals gravitate toward and turn away from particular jobs depending in part, on the extent to which they validate a "preferred organizational self" (Tracy & Tretheway 2005, p. 169). Some jobs carry different stigmas or acclaims. In her analysis Tracy uses the example of correctional officers trying to shake the stigma of "glorified maids" (Tracy & Tretheway 2005). "The process by which people arrive at justifications of and values for various occupational choices." Among these are workplace satisfaction and overall quality of life (Tracy & Scott 2006, p. 33). People in these types of jobs are forced to find ways in order to create an identity they can live with. "Crafting a positive sense of self at work is more challenging when one's work is considered "dirty" by societal standards" (Tracy & Scott 2006, p. 7). "In other words, doing taint management is not just about allowing the employee to feel good in that job. "If employees must navigate discourses that question the viability of their work, and/ or experience obstacles in managing taint through transforming dirty work into a badge of honor, it is likely they will find blaming the client to be an efficacious route in affirming their identity" (Tracy & Scott 2006, p. 33).
The Kurchatov Medal, or the Gold Medal in honour of Igor Kurchatov is an award given for outstanding achievements in nuclear physics and in the field of nuclear energy. The USSR Academy of Sciences established this award on February 9, 1960 in honour of Igor Kurchatov and in recognition of his lifetime contributions to the fields of nuclear physics, nuclear energy and nuclear engineering.
The Indonesia–Timor Leste Commission on Truth and Friendship was a truth commission established jointly by the governments of Indonesia and East Timor in August 2005. The commission was officially created to investigate acts of violence that occurred around the independence referendum held in East Timor in 1999 and sought to find the "conclusive truth" behind the events. After holding private hearings and document reviews, the commission handed in the final report on July 15, 2008 to the presidents of both nations, and was fully endorsed by Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, providing the first acknowledgement by the government of Indonesia of the human rights violations committed by state institutions in Timor. The commission is notable for being the first modern truth commission to be bilateral.
In his usurpation of the throne from the Jianwen Emperor (r. 1398–1402), the Yongle Emperor was aided by the Buddhist monk Yao Guangxiao, and like his father, the Hongwu Emperor, the Yongle Emperor was "well-disposed towards Buddhism", claims Rossabi. On March 10, 1403, the Yongle Emperor invited Deshin Shekpa, 5th Karmapa Lama (1384–1415), to his court, even though the fourth Karmapa had rejected the invitation of the Hongwu Emperor. A Tibetan translation in the 16th century preserves the letter of the Yongle Emperor, which the Association for Asian Studies notes is polite and complimentary towards the Karmapa. The letter of invitation reads,
Masilonyana Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Lejweleputswa District of the Free State in South Africa. The name is a Setswana word meaning "freedom".
Hu attended, then known as Big Tiger. He had relatively low friends, but that didn't matter. All that Jason Hu cared about was success. After graduating from Taichung Municipal First High School, then known as Chu-jen (居仁, Hanyu Pinyin: Juren) High School, Jason Hu attended National Chengchi University where he studied in the Diplomatic Studies Department, graduating in 1970. He attended the University of South Carolina from 1971–73 and pursued a master's degree in international studies but had to withdraw due to his father's ailing health. He later studied in the United Kingdom, first to the University of Southampton, where he studied International Relations, then to Balliol College, University of Oxford, where he received his PhD in International Relations in 1984.
The Byzantines were able to regain control of the country after a brief Sasanian Persian invasion early in the 7th century amidst the Byzantine–Sasanian War of 602–628 during which they established a new short-lived province for ten years known as Sasanian Egypt, until 639–42, when Egypt was invaded and conquered by the Islamic Empire by the Muslim Arabs. When they defeated the Byzantine Armies in Egypt, the Arabs brought Sunni Islam to the country. Early in this period, Egyptians began to blend their new faith with indigenous beliefs and practices, leading to various Sufi orders that have flourished to this day. These earlier rites had survived the period of Coptic Christianity.
The capital and seat of the provincial government is Haarlem, and the province's largest city is the Netherlands' capital Amsterdam. The King's Commissioner of North Holland is Johan Remkes, serving since 2010. There are 51 municipalities and three (including parts of) water boards in the province.
Niels Juel was born the son of Erik Juel and Sophie Sehested, both of whom were descended from Danish nobility, who lived in Jutland where the father had a career as a local functionary and judge. He was the brother of the diplomat Jens Juel (1631–1700). Niels Juel was born in Christiania, Norway, where his family sought refuge during the 1627 invasion of Jutland during the Thirty Years' War, while his father took part in the defense of the country at home. The following year after the occupation had ended, the family was reunited in Jutland. From 1635 to 1642, Juel was brought up by his aunt Karen Sehested (1606–1672) at the Stenalt estate near Randers.
Ron Ehrenreich (born 1950) is an American credit union officer and teacher. He was the Vice-Presidential candidate for the Socialist Party USA in the 1988 United States presidential election, as the running mate of Willa Kenoyer. The ticket received 3,882 votes, 2,587 of the votes came from New Jersey. He has been the treasurer of the Syracuse Cooperative Federal Credit Union since its opening in 1982. He later ran as a Green Party candidate for Onondaga County, New York Comptroller in 1999. Ron is married to Sondra Roth, and has two children, Hanah and Sam.
Norman Langen (born 7 March 1985 in Bardenberg, Germany) is a German singer and a participant in season 8 of Deutschland sucht den Superstar who finished in 7th place. He likes to sing in German. He likes Schlager, pop and dance music.
Hello Tomorrow is the ninth studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz. It was his first album released by Concord Records on October 19, 2010. Koz himself provided vocals on "This Guy's in Love with You". The album peaked at number 1 on Billboard Jazz Albums chart. on November 30, 2011, the album received a Nomination in 54th Grammy Awards for Best Pop Instrumental Album.
The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass is a book by Bill Maher. It is the sequel to his 2005 book, "". The book was published in late 2011 by Blue Rider Press, an imprint of Penguin Books.
Since most professional baseball games are nine innings long, the fifth inning is used as the threshold for an official game. If the visiting team is leading, or the game is tied, the end of the fifth inning marks this point. If the home team (which bats last) is already ahead in the score, and theoretically would not need its half of the fifth inning, then 41⁄2 innings (i.e., the middle of the fifth) is considered an official game. The game is also considered official if the home team scores to take the lead in the bottom of the fifth inning, since the game would end immediately if the same thing happened in the ninth.
In the United States, the term "treaty" has a different, more restricted legal sense than exists in international law. United States law distinguishes what it calls treaties from executive agreement, congressional-executive agreements, and sole executive agreements. All four classes are equally treaties under international law; they are distinct only from the perspective of internal American law. The distinctions are primarily concerning their method of approval. Whereas treaties require advice and consent by two-thirds of the Senators present, sole executive agreements may be executed by the President acting alone. Some treaties grant the President the authority to fill in the gaps with executive agreements, rather than additional treaties or protocols. And finally, congressional-executive agreements require majority approval by both the House and the Senate, either before or after the treaty is signed by the President.
Ian Whyte as The Predator, ``Scar '', one of three Predators who come to Earth to create and hunt Aliens within the pyramid as a rite of passage. Whyte played the lead Predator, called Scar in the film's credits due to the Predator marking himself with the Alien's acidic blood. Whyte also played the two Predators Chopper and Celtic.
Pimpirev Ice Wall () is the rectilinear ice slope running parallel to and some 100 m inland from the northwest coast of Emona Harbour in Livingston Island, Antarctica. Approx. 50 m high, extending from the north corner of Emona Harbour 3,700 m in west-southwest direction. Named for Christo Pimpirev, leader of the Bulgarian Antarctic campaigns during the 1993/94, 1994/95, 1995/96, and subsequent seasons, who also conducted geological field work on Alexander Island during the summer of 1987/88.
Nissan Rogue 2014 S AWD Overview Production 2013 -- present Assembly Smyrna, Tennessee, United States (Nissan USA) Designer Keisuke Otsuki Body and chassis Platform Nissan CMF platform (CMF - CD) Related Nissan Rogue Nissan Qashqai Renault Koleos Powertrain Engine Petrol 2.0 L MR20DD 143 hp (106 kW) I4 (144 hp for X-Trail Hybrid) 2.5 L QR25DE 170 hp (126 kW) I4 Diesel 2.0 L 177 bhp (130kW) I4) 1.6 L Y9M 130 bhp (96 kW) I4 Transmission 6 - speed manual 6 - speed automatic CVT Dimensions Wheelbase 2,705 mm (106.5 in) Length 4,641 mm (182.7 in) Width 1,820 mm (71.65 in) Height 1,709 mm (67.3 in) Chronology Predecessor Nissan Qashqai + 2 (7 passenger models only)
Harold Bennett (17 September 1899 -- 15 September 1981) was an English actor best remembered for having played 'Young Mr. Grace' in the 1970s British sitcom Are You Being Served?.
Eisenhower attended Abilene High School and graduated with the class of 1909. As a freshman, he injured his knee and developed a leg infection that extended into his groin, and which his doctor diagnosed as life-threatening. The doctor insisted that the leg be amputated but Dwight refused to allow it, and miraculously recovered, though he had to repeat his freshman year. He and brother Edgar both wanted to attend college, though they lacked the funds. They made a pact to take alternate years at college while the other worked to earn the tuitions.
Fathead (subtitled Ray Charles Presents David 'Fathead' Newman and also referred to as Ray Charles Sextet) is the debut release of jazz saxophonist David "Fathead" Newman recorded in 1958 but not released until 1960 on the Atlantic label. The complete album was also included with 3 other Newman releases in the 2 CD reissue / compilation, "It's "Mister" Fathead".
The Pacific Ocean, the moisture - laden air above it, and the storms moving from it over the Oregon coast, are major factors in the state's precipitation patterns. As humid ocean air flows east from the ocean and encounters the Coast Range, it rises steeply, cools, and loses moisture through condensation, which produces heavy rain. The heaviest precipitation in the state occurs at 2,000 to 4,000 feet (610 to 1,220 m) above sea level in these coastal mountains. At lower elevations along the coast, orographic precipitation is less intense but still produces 60 to 80 inches (1,500 to 2,000 mm) a year.
In physics, the Thomas precession, named after Llewellyn Thomas, is a relativistic correction that applies to the spin of an elementary particle or the rotation of a macroscopic gyroscope and relates the angular velocity of the spin of a particle following a curvilinear orbit to the angular velocity of the orbital motion.
Year Title Role Notes 2006 The Ten Commandments: The Musical Joshua Film debut 2009 -- 2010 American Idol Himself (contestant & mentor) Season 8, 2nd place; Season 9, Episode ``Top 9 -- Elvis Presley ''2011 Project Runway Himself (guest judge) Episode,`` Image is Everything'' Majors & Minors Himself (mentor) 2 episodes 2012 Pretty Little Liars Himself Episode, ``This Is a Dark Ride ''VH1 Divas Himself (host, performer) Live television benefit concert 2013 -- 2014 Glee Elliot`` Starchild'' Gilbert 5 episodes 2014 American Idol Himself (mentor) Season 13, ``Boot Camp ''RuPaul's Drag Race Himself (Guest Judge) Season 6, Episode 1:`` RuPaul's Big Opening (Part 1) Lennon or McCartney Himself Short documentary film; interview clip 2015 American Idol Himself (guest judge) Season 14 Long Island Auditions 2016 The Rocky Horror Picture Show: Let's Do the Time Warp Again Eddie TV movie 2016 The X Factor Himself (Judge) Season 8
Consequences of the Black Death included a series of religious, social, and economic upheavals, which had profound effects on the course of European history. The Black Death was one of the most devastating pandemics in human history, peaking in Europe between 1347 and 1350 with 30% to 65% of the population killed. It reduced world population from an estimated 450 million to between 350 and 375 million. It took 80 and in some areas more than 150 years for Europe's population to recover.
Charles Pomeroy Stone (September 30, 1824 – January 24, 1887) was a career United States Army officer, civil engineer, and surveyor. He fought with distinction in the Mexican–American War, earning two brevet promotions for his performance in the conflict. After resigning and surveying for the Mexican Government, he returned to the U.S. Army to fight in the American Civil War.
Alexander Danieliuk-Stefanski (also Stefański or Ștefanski; 30 November 1897, Warsaw – 21 August 1937, Moscow) was a Polish communist politician, active in Poland and in the Soviet Union. From 1931 to 1936, he oversaw the activities of Romanian communists in exile to the Soviet Union, and served as General Secretary of the Romanian Communist Party (PCdR). During the period, he was seconded by Elena Filipescu, who was also his lover.
Shizuoka Prefecture (静岡県, Shizuoka-ken) is a prefecture of Japan located in the Chūbu region of Honshu. The capital is the city of Shizuoka, while Hamamatsu is the largest city by population.
December 11, 1941, the United States Congress declared war upon Germany (Pub. L. 77 -- 331, Sess. 1, ch. 564, 55 Stat. 796), hours after Germany declared war on the United States after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. The vote was 88 -- 0 in the Senate and 393 -- 0 in the House.
A driver's manual is a book created by the DMV of a corresponding state in order to give information to people about the state's driving laws. This can include information such as how to get a license, license renewal, road laws, driving restrictions, etc. ``In the U.S. there is no central organization that is responsible for the creation of Driver's Manuals. ''(Idaho Driver's Manual). As a result there is no set rules for the states to create the manuals, so all driver's manuals vary by state. However, every state does still follow general guidelines when creating the manuals.
During the Second World War, Chadwick carried out research as part of the Tube Alloys project to build an atomic bomb, while his Manchester lab and environs were harassed by Luftwaffe bombing. When the Quebec Agreement merged his project with the American Manhattan Project, he became part of the British Mission, and worked at the Los Alamos Laboratory and in Washington, D.C. He surprised everyone by earning the almost-complete trust of project director Leslie R. Groves, Jr. For his efforts, Chadwick received a knighthood in the New Year Honours on 1 January 1945. In July 1945, he viewed the Trinity nuclear test. After this, he served as the British scientific advisor to the United Nations Atomic Energy Commission. Uncomfortable with the trend toward Big Science, Chadwick became the Master of Gonville and Caius College in 1948. He retired in 1959.
E. Denise Simmons is the former mayor of Cambridge, Massachusetts, having served her first mayoral term during the 2008–2009 term and she was the first openly lesbian African-American mayor in the United States. The previous mayor of Cambridge, Kenneth Reeves, was the first openly gay African-American mayor in the United States. As Cambridge mayor, Simmons served as head of the city's legislative body—while the non-elected city manager serves as the city's chief executive officer.
Opposite sides of a modern die traditionally add up to seven, implying that the 1, 2 and 3 faces share a vertex. The faces of a die may be placed clockwise or counterclockwise about this vertex. If the 1, 2 and 3 faces run counterclockwise, the die is called ``right - handed '', and if those faces run clockwise, the die is called`` left - handed''. Western dice are normally right - handed, and Chinese dice are normally left - handed.
James Young (born August 16, 1995) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Wisconsin Herd of the NBA G League. He played one season of college basketball for the Kentucky Wildcats before being selected with the 17th overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft by the Boston Celtics. He spent the majority of his rookie NBA season playing in the NBA Development League for the Celtics' affiliate team, the Maine Red Claws.
Vincenzo Lavarra (born January 27, 1954) is an Italian politician and a Member of the European Parliament. He is a member of the Democrats of the Left (DS), which is a part of the Socialist Group in the European Parliament. Lavarra is a member of the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy and the delegation for relations with the countries of Southeast Asia and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations. He is a substitute on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development and the delegation for relations with the People's Republic of China.
The majority of U.S. adults self - identify as Christians, while close to a quarter claim no religious affiliation. According to a 2014 study by the Pew Research Center, 70.6% of the adult population identified themselves as Christians, with 46.5% professing attendance at a variety of churches that could be considered Protestant, and 20.8% professing Catholic beliefs. The same study says that other religions (including Judaism, Buddhism, Hinduism, and Islam) collectively make up about 6% of the population. According to a 2012 survey by the Pew forum, 36% of U.S. adults state that they attend services nearly every week or more. According to a 2016 Gallup poll, Mississippi with 63% of its adult population described as very religious (say that religion is important to them and attend religious services almost every week) is the most religious state in the country, while New Hampshire with only 20% as very religious is the least religious state.
Matthew McConaughey (; born November 4, 1969) is an American actor and producer. He first gained notice for his supporting performance in the coming-of-age comedy Dazed and Confused (1993), which is considered by many to be the actor's breakout role . After a number of supporting roles in films including Angels in the Outfield and Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation (1994), McConaughey's breakthrough performance as a leading man came in the legal drama A Time to Kill (1996). He followed this with leading performances in the science fiction film Contact and the historical drama Amistad (1997), the comedy-drama The Newton Boys (1998), the satire EDtv (1999), the war drama U-571 (2000) and the psychological thriller Frailty (2001).
Notre Dame claims national championships in an additional three seasons before the major poll era, for a total of 11. Notre Dame, however, is often credited with 13 consensus national championships in total. The 1938 and 1953 seasons are part of the reason for the discrepancy. In the 1938 season, 8 -- 1 Notre Dame was awarded the national championship by the Dickinson System, while Texas Christian (which finished 11 -- 0) was awarded the championship by the Associated Press. In the 1953 season, an undefeated Notre Dame team (9 -- 0 -- 1) was named national champion by every major selector except the AP and UPI (Coaches') polls, where the Irish finished second in both to 10 -- 1 Maryland. As Notre Dame has a policy of only recognizing AP and Coaches' Poll national championships post-1936, the school does not officially recognize the 1938 and 1953 national championships. The NCAA does not list 1938 and 1953 but does recognize 1919 and 1964, making Notre Dame a national champion selection in thirteen seasons: 1919, 1924, 1929, 1930, 1943, 1946, 1947, 1949, 1964, 1966, 1973, 1977, 1988. Notre Dame has been voted national champion by at least one selector in an additional nine seasons: 1920, 1927, 1938, 1953, 1967, 1970, 1989, 1993, and 2012 In short, Notre Dame has 3 National Champions selected by the Coaches' Poll (1950 -) and 8 selected by the AP Poll (1936 -). The program claims 11 championships, the NCAA recognizes them with 13, and they've been selected National Champions 21 times by all NCAA recognized ``major selectors. ''
Dharwad is the district headquarters of Dharwad district in the state of Karnataka, India. It was merged with the city of Hubballi in 1961 to form the twin cities of Hubballi-Dharwad. It covers an area of 200.23 km² and is located 430 km northwest of Bengaluru, on NH-48, between Bengaluru and Pune.
Tijuana Jazz is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Gary McFarland and trumpeter Clark Terry featuring performances recorded in 1965 for the Impulse! label. The album was also released in the UK on the HMV label as CLP3541.
Altarage is a term once commonly used in the Roman Catholic Church. From the low Latin "altaragium" — which signified the revenue reserved for the chaplain (altarist or altar-thane) in contradistinction to the income of the parish priest — it came to signify the fees received by a priest from the laity when discharging any function for them, e.g., at marriages, baptisms, and funerals. It is also known as an "honorarium", "stipend", or "stole-fee". It may also refer to the offering made upon an altar or the endowments for Masses for the deceased.
On January 6, 2005, Microsoft released a Beta version of Microsoft AntiSpyware, based upon the previously released Giant AntiSpyware. On February 14, 2006, Microsoft AntiSpyware became Windows Defender with the release of Beta 2. Windows Defender is a freeware program designed to protect against spyware and other unwanted software. Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 users who have genuine copies of Microsoft Windows can freely download the program from Microsoft's web site, and Windows Defender ships as part of Windows Vista and 7. In Windows 8, Windows Defender and Microsoft Security Essentials have been combined into a single program, named Windows Defender. It is based on Microsoft Security Essentials, borrowing its features and user interface. Although it is enabled by default, it can be turned off to use another anti-virus solution. Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool and the optional Microsoft Safety Scanner are two other free security products offered by Microsoft. In the Windows 10 Anniversary Update, Microsoft introduced the Limited Periodic Scanning feature, which allows Windows Defender to scan, detect, and remove any threats that third-party anti-virus software missed. The Advanced Threat Protection service is introduced for enterprise users. The new service uses cloud service to detect and take actions on advanced network attacks.
Serbian (српски / srpski, pronounced [sr̩̂pskiː]) is the standardized variety of the Serbo-Croatian language mainly used by Serbs. It is the official language of Serbia, co-official in the territory of Kosovo, and one of the three official languages of Bosnia and Herzegovina. In addition, it is a recognized minority language in Montenegro, where it is spoken by the relative majority of the population, as well as in Croatia, North Macedonia, Romania, Hungary, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic.
Oleg Petrovich Orlov (born April 4, 1953 in Moscow) is a biologist, participator in post-soviet human rights movements in Russia, chairman of the Board of Human Rights Center “Memorial,” executive board member of the Center's International, Historic-Educational Society. From 2004-2006 was in the President of the Russian Federation's council for the development of civil society and human rights institutions. Laureate of the “For Freedom of Thought” award, given in honor of Andrei Sakharov (2009). Member of the federal political council movement “Solidarity.”
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, President Roosevelt officially pronounced 7 December 1941, as ``a date which will live in infamy ''and asked for a declaration of war on Japan before a joint session of Congress on 8 December 1941. The motion passed with only one vote against it, in both chambers. Just three days later, on 11 December 1941 Adolf Hitler declared war on the United States, and had already remarked on the evening of the date of the Japanese attack that`` We ca n't lose the war at all. We now have an ally which has never been conquered in 3,000 years''.
In mathematics, Watson's lemma, proved by G. N. Watson (1918, p. 133), has significant application within the theory on the asymptotic behavior of integrals.
First qualifying round: €220,000 Second qualifying round: €320,000 Losers third qualifying round: €420,000 Losers play - off round: €3,000,000 Winners play - off round: €2,000,000 Base fee for group stage: €12,700,000 Group match victory: €1,500,000 Group match draw: €500,000 Round of 16: €6,000,000 Quarter - finals: €6,500,000 Semi-finals: €7,500,000 Losing finalist: €11,000,000 Winning the Final: €15,500,000
The allies' most advanced technologies were showcased by the anti-aircraft defence against the German V-1 cruise missiles (V stands for Vergeltungswaffe, "retaliation weapon"). The 419th and 601st Antiaircraft Gun Battalions of the US Army were first allocated to the Folkestone-Dover coast to defend London, and then moved to Belgium to become part of the "Antwerp X" project. With the liberation of Antwerp, the port city immediately became the highest priority target, and received the largest number of V-1 and V-2 missiles of any city. The smallest tactical unit of the operation was a gun battery consisting of four 90 mm guns firing shells equipped with a radio proximity fuse. Incoming targets were acquired and automatically tracked by SCR-584 radar, developed at the MIT Rad Lab. Output from the gun-laying radar was fed to the M-9 director, an electronic analog computer developed at Bell Laboratories to calculate the lead and elevation corrections for the guns. With the help of these three technologies, close to 90% of the V-1 missiles, on track to the defence zone around the port, were destroyed.
By 1957, pan-Arabism was the dominant ideology of the Arab world, and the average Arab citizen considered Nasser his undisputed leader. Historian Adeed Dawisha credited Nasser's status to his "charisma, bolstered by his perceived victory in the Suez Crisis". The Cairo-based Voice of the Arabs radio station spread Nasser's ideas of united Arab action throughout the Arabic-speaking world and historian Eugene Rogan wrote, "Nasser conquered the Arab world by radio." Lebanese sympathizers of Nasser and the Egyptian embassy in Beirut—the press center of the Arab world—bought out Lebanese media outlets to further disseminate Nasser's ideals. Nasser also enjoyed the support of Arab nationalist organizations, both civilian and paramilitary, throughout the region. His followers were numerous and well-funded, but lacked any permanent structure and organization. They called themselves "Nasserites", despite Nasser's objection to the label (he preferred the term "Arab nationalists").
On his mother's side, Hayek was second cousin to the philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein. His mother often played with Wittgenstein's sisters, and had known Ludwig well. As a result of their family relationship, Hayek became one of the first to read Wittgenstein's Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus when the book was published in its original German edition in 1921. Although Hayek met Wittgenstein on only a few occasions, Hayek said that Wittgenstein's philosophy and methods of analysis had a profound influence on his own life and thought. In his later years, Hayek recalled a discussion of philosophy with Wittgenstein, when both were officers during World War I. After Wittgenstein's death, Hayek had intended to write a biography of Wittgenstein and worked on collecting family materials; and he later assisted biographers of Wittgenstein.
The Brazilian federal constitution states that the power to enter into treaties is vested in the president and that such treaties must be approved by Congress (articles 84, clause VIII, and 49, clause I). In practice, this has been interpreted as meaning that the executive branch is free to negotiate and sign a treaty, but its ratification by the president is contingent upon the prior approval of Congress. Additionally, the Federal Supreme Court has ruled that, following ratification and entry into force, a treaty must be incorporated into domestic law by means of a presidential decree published in the federal register in order to be valid in Brazil and applicable by the Brazilian authorities.
APEC Vietnam 2006 was a series of political meetings held around Vietnam between the 21 member economies of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation during 2006. Various meetings were held across Vietnam in 2006. Leaders from all the member countries met from 18 to 19 November 2006 in Hanoi. Notable objectives that APEC Vietnam 2006 aimed to achieve included advancing free trade and investments, enhancing human security and building stronger societies and a more dynamic and harmonious community. The theme surrounding this APEC meeting was towards a dynamic community for sustainable development and prosperity.
During the Partitions of Poland from 1772 to 1795, its members began to lose these legal privileges and social status. From that point until 1918, the legal status of the nobility was essentially dependent upon the policies of the three partitioning powers: the Russian Empire, the Kingdom of Prussia, and the Habsburg Monarchy. The legal privileges of the szlachta were legally abolished in the Second Polish Republic by the March Constitution of 1921.
Rosa Maltoni (married Mussolini; 22 April 1858 - 19 February 1905) was the mother of Italian Fascist founder and leader Benito Mussolini. Maltoni was a Catholic schoolteacher who married Alessandro Mussolini. After Benito, Rosa had three more children, Arnaldo, Laura, and Edvige. She died of meningitis in 1905.
The Tabuaço mine is a large open pit mine located in the eastern part of Portugal in Norte Region. Tabuaço represents one of the largest tungsten reserves in Portugal having estimated reserves of 2.72 million tonnes of ore grading 0.57% tungsten.
The discography of Shawty Lo, an American hip hop recording artist from Atlanta, Georgia. Shawty Lo embarked on his career with the Southern hip hop group D4L. The discography consists of one studio album, one posthumous album, 15 mixtapes and 20 singles (including 12 as a featured artist).
Kurza is a small village situated on the banks of the Wainganga River in Bhandara district, Maharashtra state, India. It is 5 km from Pauni. Educational facilities up to fourth standard ia available in ZP School and from fifth standard to tenth standard in Janata Highschool. One Primary Health Center is also available. Monday is a weekly Market Day. Temples of Hanuman, Baba Farid and Sati Benabai are very ancient. Every fourth Year the villagers celebrate "Sati Benabai Jatra". The village is also known as "Benabai's Kurza".
Women's Singles 2017 US Open Champion Sloane Stephens Runner - up Madison Keys Final score 6 -- 3, 6 -- 0 Details Draw 128 (16 Q / 8 WC) Seeds 32 Events Singles men women boys girls Doubles men women mixed boys girls Legends men women mixed WC Singles men women quad WC Doubles men women quad ← 2016 US Open 2018 →
The American Civil War was fought in the United States from 1861 to 1865. The result of a long - standing controversy over slavery, war broke out in April 1861, when Confederates attacked Fort Sumter in South Carolina, shortly after Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated. The nationalists of the Union proclaimed loyalty to the U.S. Constitution. They faced secessionists of the Confederate States of America, who advocated for states' rights to perpetual slavery and its expansion in the Americas.
Born in Cobia, Dâmboviţa County, in 1947, he moved to Făgăraş, where he worked as a lathe machinist at Nitramonia company, also joining the Romanian Communist Party. He graduated from two military academies, and in 1968, he was named a military adviser of the president and deputy of the Military Department of the Central Committee, in charge with Internal Affairs, State Security, Justice and the prosecutor's office.
President Richard Nixon had claimed executive authority to force the Times to suspend publication of classified information in its possession. The question before the court was whether the constitutional freedom of the press, guaranteed by the First Amendment, was subordinate to a claimed need of the executive branch of government to maintain the secrecy of information. The Supreme Court ruled that the First Amendment did protect the right of The New York Times to print the materials.
``You're Gonna Miss Me When I'm Gone ''is a song co-written and recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn. It was released in June 1995 as the fourth single from their third album Waitin 'on Sundown. The song reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. This is the third single to feature Kix Brooks on lead vocals instead of Ronnie Dunn, and the only single of such that was one of Brooks & Dunn's twenty Billboard Number One hits. The song was written by the duo along with Don Cook.
In 1113 Toghtekin of Damascus, tired of the ravages by the Christian forces against his territories, appealed to Mawdud to join him to invade the Kingdom of Jerusalem. The two pillaged Galilee and besieged Tiberias, though without being able to capture it. On June 28, however, the Muslims defeated King Baldwin I of Jerusalem's army at the Battle of Al-Sannabra. Reinforcements saved the Christian forces from total annihilation and prevented the Muslim commanders from exploiting the victory, and ultimately forced them to retreat to Damascus due to a lack of supplies.
Benny Beaver is the official mascot of Oregon State University and winner of the 2011 Capital One Mascot of the Year write - in campaign. The exact date of when the name was first used as the university's mascot is not known, but photographs in the school's yearbook document its use as early as the 1940s.
The Taifa of Santa Maria do Algarve () was a medieval taifa Moorish kingdom or emirate located in what is now southern Portugal, that existed from 1018 to 1051. From 1051 until 1091, it was under the forcible control of Seville via Abbad II al-Mu'tadid. Known as the , their descendants remained as "Qadis" of the city until its reconquest by Portugal in 1249, the last of whom being Aloandro Ben Bekar.
As of December 2014, the Filet - O - Fish contains a battered, fried fish fillet made from Alaska pollock. In the Republic of Ireland either hoki or Alaska pollock may be served. In New Zealand and the United Kingdom Filet - O - Fish contains hoki instead of Alaska pollock. McDonald's Canada, United States, United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Portugal, Czech Republic, The Netherlands and Hong Kong use a half slice of cheese in each Filet - O - Fish sandwich.
Vallabhbhai  Patel (31 October 1875 – 15 December 1950), popularly known as Sardar Patel, was an Indian politician. He served as the first Deputy Prime Minister of India. He was an Indian barrister and statesman, a senior leader of the Indian National Congress and a founding father of the Republic of India who played a leading role in the country's struggle for independence and guided its integration into a united, independent nation. In India and elsewhere, he was often called Sardar, meaning "chief" in Hindi, Urdu, and Persian. He acted as Home Minister during the political integration of India and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1947.Patel was raised in the countryside of state of Gujarat. He was a successful lawyer. He subsequently organised peasants from Kheda, Borsad, and Bardoli in Gujarat in non-violent civil disobedience against the British Raj, becoming one of the most influential leaders in Gujarat. He was appointed as the 49th President of Indian National Congress, organising the party for elections in 1934 and 1937 while promoting the Quit India Movement.
America Is in the Heart, sometimes subtitled A Personal History, is a 1946 semi-autobiographical novel written by Filipino American immigrant poet, fiction writer, short story teller, and activist, Carlos Bulosan. The novel was one of the earliest published books that presented the experiences of the immigrant and working class based on an Asian American point of view and has been regarded as "[t]he premier text of the Filipino-American experience." In his introduction, journalist Carey McWilliams, who wrote a 1939 study about migrant farm labor in California ("Factories in the Field"), described "America Is in the Heart" as a “social classic” that reflected on the experiences of Filipino immigrants in America who were searching for the “promises of a better life”.
Voices in the Sky: The Best of The Moody Blues is a greatest hits compilation for The Moody Blues, released in 1984.
Forty - three countries participated in the contest, equalling the record of the 2008 and 2011 editions. Russia returned after their absence from the previous edition, and for the first time since 2011, no country withdrew from the contest.
In 2003 BAE Systems Marine was split into separate submarine and surface ship units; BAE Systems Submarines and BAE Systems Naval Ships. The latter was merged into a BAE Systems/VT Group joint venture, BVT Surface Fleet in 2008, which subsequently became BAE Systems Surface Ships in 2009.
The plague disease, caused by Yersinia pestis, is enzootic (commonly present) in populations of fleas carried by ground rodents, including marmots, in various areas including Central Asia, Kurdistan, Western Asia, Northern India and Uganda. Due to climate change in Asia, rodents began to flee the dried out grasslands to more populated areas, spreading the disease. Nestorian graves dating to 1338 -- 1339 near Lake Issyk Kul in Kyrgyzstan have inscriptions referring to plague and are thought by many epidemiologists to mark the outbreak of the epidemic, from which it could easily have spread to China and India. In October 2010, medical geneticists suggested that all three of the great waves of the plague originated in China. In China, the 13th - century Mongol conquest caused a decline in farming and trading. However, economic recovery had been observed at the beginning of the 14th century. In the 1330s, a large number of natural disasters and plagues led to widespread famine, starting in 1331, with a deadly plague arriving soon after. Epidemics that may have included plague killed an estimated 25 million Chinese and other Asians during the 15 years before it reached Constantinople in 1347.
How I Met Your Mother (often abbreviated to HIMYM) is an American sitcom that originally aired on CBS from September 19, 2005 to March 31, 2014. The series follows the main character, Ted Mosby, and his group of friends in Manhattan. As a framing device, Ted, in the year 2030, recounts to his son and daughter the events that led him to meet their mother.
``Something's Gotta Give ''is a popular song with words and music by Johnny Mercer in 1954. It was published in 1955. It was written for and first performed by Fred Astaire in the 1955 musical film Daddy Long Legs, and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1955 as Best Original Song, losing to Love is a Many Splendored Thing.
Carlos Esparza (1828–September 28, 1885), lived in Mexico at the Texas border, and during his life he served as a soldier and the leader of the spy ring of Juan Cortina. In addition, he wrote poetry and proverbs.
Kontor Records is a record label based in Hamburg, Germany. The label's artist roster includes ATB, Tiësto and Scooter. Jens Thele is the head manager of Kontor and is also the manager of Scooter.
In 1869 the Suez Canal opened under Napoleon III, linking the Mediterranean with the Indian Ocean. Initially the Canal was opposed by the British; but once opened, its strategic value was quickly recognised and became the "jugular vein of the Empire". In 1875, the Conservative government of Benjamin Disraeli bought the indebted Egyptian ruler Isma'il Pasha's 44 percent shareholding in the Suez Canal for £4 million (£340 million in 2013). Although this did not grant outright control of the strategic waterway, it did give Britain leverage. Joint Anglo-French financial control over Egypt ended in outright British occupation in 1882. The French were still majority shareholders and attempted to weaken the British position, but a compromise was reached with the 1888 Convention of Constantinople, which made the Canal officially neutral territory.
The Tatapani is a large coal field located in the east of India in Jharkhand. Tatapani represents one of the largest coal reserve in India having estimated reserves of 2.65 billion tonnes of coal.
Washington, D.C. is the current federal capital city of the United States, as it has been since 1800. Each U.S. state has its own capital city, as do many of its Insular areas. Historically, most states have not changed their capital city since becoming a state, but the capital cities of their respective preceding colonies, territories, kingdoms, and republics typically changed multiple times. There have also been other governments within the current borders of the United States with their own capitals, such as the Republic of Texas, Native American nations, and other unrecognized governments.
Albert Burditt (born May 15, 1972) is an American basketball player who played for four years at the University of Texas at Austin, before being drafted by the Houston Rockets in the 1994 NBA draft. However, he did not play in the NBA. Burditt played for the Oklahoma City Cavalry of the Continental Basketball Association in the 1994–1995 season, averaging 8.4 points and 8.1 rebounds per game. Burditt played professionally in the CBA and nine other countries.
Clive Hale (1937 – 5 June 2005) was an Australian television news and current affairs presenter on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) for 38 years.
The direct participation of the monarch and the governor general in areas of governance is limited. In practice, their use of the executive powers is directed by the Cabinet, a committee of ministers of the Crown responsible to the elected House of Commons of Canada and chosen and headed by the prime minister (at present Justin Trudeau), the head of government. The governor general or monarch may, though, in certain crisis situations exercise their power without ministerial advice. To ensure the stability of government, the governor general will usually appoint as prime minister the individual who is the current leader of the political party that can obtain the confidence of a plurality in the House of Commons. The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) is thus one of the most powerful institutions in government, initiating most legislation for parliamentary approval and selecting for appointment by the Crown, besides the aforementioned, the governor general, lieutenant governors, senators, federal court judges, and heads of Crown corporations and government agencies. The leader of the party with the second-most seats usually becomes the leader of Her Majesty's Loyal Opposition and is part of an adversarial parliamentary system intended to keep the government in check.
The county lies in southern Hungary, on the border with Croatia. The River Drava forms part of its southern border, and the River Danube its eastern border. It shares borders with the Hungarian counties Somogy, Tolna, and Bács-Kiskun. The capital of Baranya county is Pécs.
The sixteenth season of American Idol premiered on March 11, 2018, on the ABC television network. It is the show's first season to air on ABC, after 15 years on Fox. Ryan Seacrest continued his role as the show's host, while Katy Perry, Luke Bryan, and Lionel Richie joined as judges. Maddie Poppe from Clarksville, Iowa won the season on May 21, 2018, while her boyfriend Caleb Lee Hutchinson was runner - up. Poppe was the first female winner since Candice Glover in season twelve.
The following is a list of territories where English is an official language, that is, a language used in citizen interactions with government officials. In 2015, there were 54 sovereign states and 27 non-sovereign entities where English was an official language. Many country subdivisions have declared English an official language at the local or regional level.
Belarus chose Dmitry Koldun with the song "Work Your Magic" to represent the nation at the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki, Finland. Using the Eurofest 2007 format on 15 December 2006, televoting narrowed down fifteen performers to Dmitry Koldun, selected by televoting, and Diana Gurtskaya and The Project, selected by the professional jury. The three competitors entered the superfinal where they could change their song if they wished. On 22 January 2007, the three performed their song in front of a strict government jury, which decided that Dmitry Koldun was the most suitable performer to represent Belarus. The song was written by Karen Kavaleryan and composed by Philip Kirkorov.
In 1941, the Luftwaffe shifted strategy again. Erich Raeder—commander-in-chief of the Kriegsmarine—had long argued the Luftwaffe should support the German submarine force (U-Bootwaffe) in the Battle of the Atlantic by attacking shipping in the Atlantic Ocean and attacking British ports. Eventually, he convinced Hitler of the need to attack British port facilities. Hitler had been convinced by Raeder that this was the right course of action due to the high success rates of the U-Boat force during this period of the war. Hitler correctly noted that the greatest damage to the British war economy had been done through submarines and air attacks by small numbers of Focke-Wulf Fw 200 naval aircraft. He ordered attacks to be carried out on those targets which were also the target of the Kriegsmarine. This meant that British coastal centres and shipping at sea west of Ireland were the prime targets.
Jehovah's Witnesses are perhaps best known for their efforts to spread their beliefs, most notably by visiting people from house to house, distributing literature published by the Watch Tower Society in 700 languages. The objective is to start a regular "Bible study" with any person who is not already a member, with the intention that the student be baptized as a member of the group; Witnesses are advised to consider discontinuing Bible studies with students who show no interest in becoming members. Witnesses are taught they are under a biblical command to engage in public preaching. They are instructed to devote as much time as possible to their ministry and are required to submit an individual monthly "Field Service Report". Baptized members who fail to report a month of preaching are termed "irregular" and may be counseled by elders; those who do not submit reports for six consecutive months are termed "inactive".
Super Highways is the second album by New Order members Gillian Gilbert and Stephen Morris under the name The Other Two. It was released in 1999 six years after their début, and a year after New Order reformed. Four tracks were co-written by Melanie Williams, who also sang lead on two of them ("You Can Fly" and "One Last Kiss") and backing vocals on the title track. The album was re-released in January 2010 by LTM Recordings.
The Ryan Aeronautical Company was founded by T. Claude Ryan in San Diego, California in 1934. It became part of Teledyne in 1969, and of Northrop Grumman when the latter company purchased Teledyne in 1999. Ryan built several historically and technically significant aircraft, including four innovative V/STOL designs, but its most successful production aircraft was the Ryan Firebee line of unmanned drones used as target drones and unmanned air vehicles.
Ward Township is one of eleven townships in Randolph County, Indiana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 1,109 and it contained 495 housing units.
Aidan Foster is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera "Neighbours", played by Bobby Morley. Both the character and Morley's casting was announced on 19 June 2011. The actor began filming his first scenes that same week. Aidan was introduced to "Neighbours" as a love interest for established character Chris Pappas (James Mason). Morley revealed that Aidan's sexuality did not affect his decision in accepting the role, as it does not define him. Morley was initially contracted for six months and he stated that he was happy to stay with the soap for longer. He made his first screen appearance as Aidan during the episode broadcast on 19 August 2011. Morley took a ten-week break from "Neighbours" in April 2012 to appear in the feature film, "Blinder". He made his final appearance as Aidan on 17 January 2013.
The polytechnics of Thuringia are based in Erfurt (4,500 students), Jena (5,000 students), Nordhausen (2,500 students) and Schmalkalden (3,000 students). In addition, there is a civil service college in Gotha with 500 students, the College of Music "Franz Liszt" in Weimar (800 students) as well as two private colleges, the Adam-Ries-Fachhochschule in Erfurt (500 students) and the SRH College for nursing and allied medical subjects (SRH Fachhochschule für Gesundheit Gera) in Gera (500 students). Finally, there are colleges for those studying for a technical qualification while working in a related field (Berufsakademie) at Eisenach (600 students) and Gera (700 students).
Throughout the British administration, Governors-General retreated to the Viceregal Lodge (Rashtrapati Niwas) at Shimla each summer to escape the heat, and the government of India moved with them. The Viceregal Lodge now houses the Indian Institute of Advanced Study.
Parlami d'amore (English: Speak to me of love) is a 2008 Italo-Spanish film directed by Silvio Muccino. The film is based on Muccino's novel of the same name that he co-wrote with Carla Vangelista. The film was nominated for 8 David di Donatello awards. The film was released in Italy on 14 February 2008.
Saban Capital Group and Lionsgate announced the film in May 2014, with Roberto Orci originally attached to produce. Ashley Miller and Zack Stentz were hired to write the film's script. Orci eventually left the project to work on Star Trek Beyond. On April 10, 2015, TheWrap reported that Dean Israelite was in negotiations to direct the film. Israelite told IGN in an interview that the film would be "completely playful, and it needs to be really fun and funny. But like Project Almanac, it's going to feel very grounded at the same time, and very contemporary and have a real edge to it, and a real gut to it, it's going to be a fun, joyful [movie] but one that feels completely grounded in a real world, with real characters going through real things". Brian Tyler was brought on to compose the film's music. Israelite has said that the film updates itself from the original series, being more character-driven and incorporating naturalism and a grounded nature.
The 1986 FIFA World Cup, the 13th FIFA World Cup, was held in Mexico from 31 May to 29 June 1986. The tournament was the second to feature a 24 - team format. With European nations not allowed to host after the previous World Cup in Spain, Colombia had been originally chosen to host the competition by FIFA but, largely due to economic reasons, was not able to do so and officially resigned in 1982. Mexico was selected as the new host in May 1983. This was the third FIFA World Cup tournament in succession that was hosted by a Hispanophonic country, after Spain in 1982, and Argentina in 1978.
Pinedjem I was the High Priest of Amun at Thebes in Ancient Egypt from 1070 to 1032 BC and the "de facto" ruler of the south of the country from 1054 BC. He was the son of the High Priest Piankh. However, many Egyptologists today believe that the succession in the Amun priesthood actually ran from Piankh to Herihor to Pinedjem I.
The Overture in the French style, BWV 831, original title Ouvertüre nach Französischer Art, also known as the French Overture and published as the second half of Clavier-Übung II in 1735 (paired with the "Italian Concerto"), is a suite in B minor for two-manual harpsichord written by Johann Sebastian Bach. An earlier version of this work exists, in the key of C minor (BWV 831a); the work was transposed into B minor to complete the cycle of tonalities in Parts One and Two of the Clavier-Übung. The keys of the six Partitas (B major, C minor, A minor, D major, G major, E minor) form a sequence of intervals going up and then down by increasing amounts: a second up (B to C), a third down (C to A), a fourth up (A to D), a fifth down (D to G), and finally a sixth up (G to E). The key sequence continues into "Clavier-Übung II" (1735) with two larger works: the Italian Concerto, a seventh down (E to F), and the French Overture, an augmented fourth up (F to B). Thus this sequence of customary tonalities for 18th-century keyboard compositions is complete, extending from the first letter of his name (Bach's "home" key, B, in German is B) to the last letter of his name (B in German is H).
The foundational text of Chinese medicine is the Huangdi neijing, (or Yellow Emperor's Inner Canon), written 5th century to 3rd century BCE. Near the end of the 2nd century CE, during the Han dynasty, Zhang Zhongjing, wrote a Treatise on Cold Damage, which contains the earliest known reference to the Neijing Suwen. The Jin Dynasty practitioner and advocate of acupuncture and moxibustion, Huangfu Mi (215 -- 282), also quotes the Yellow Emperor in his Jiayi jing, c. 265. During the Tang Dynasty, the Suwen was expanded and revised, and is now the best extant representation of the foundational roots of traditional Chinese medicine. Traditional Chinese Medicine that is based on the use of herbal medicine, acupuncture, massage and other forms of therapy has been practiced in China for thousands of years.
Approximately 12 million Africans were shipped to the Americas during the Atlantic slave trade from 1492 to 1888, with 11.5 million of those shipped to South America and the Caribbean. Brazil was the largest importer in the Americas, with 5.5 million African slaves imported, followed by the British Caribbean with 2.76 million, the Spanish Caribbean and Spanish Mainland with 1.59 million Africans, and the French Caribbean with 1.32 million. Today their descendants number approximately 150 million in South America and the Caribbean. In addition to skin color, other physical characteristics such as facial features and hair texture are often variously used in classifying peoples as black in South America and the Caribbean. In South America and the Caribbean, classification as black is also closely tied to social status and socioeconomic variables, especially in light of social conceptions of "blanqueamiento" (racial whitening) and related concepts.
In recent years, Nanjing has been developing its economy, commerce, industry, as well as city construction. In 2013 the city's GDP was RMB 801 billion (3rd in Jiangsu), and GDP per capita(current price) was RMB 98,174(US$16041), a 11 percent increase from 2012. The average urban resident's disposable income was RMB 36,200, while the average rural resident's net income was RMB 14,513. The registered urban unemployment rate was 3.02 percent, lower than the national average (4.3 percent). Nanjing's Gross Domestic Product ranked 12th in 2013 in China, and its overall competence ranked 6th in mainland and 8th including Taiwan and Hong Kong in 2009.
Mitchell David Trubisky (born August 20, 1994) is an American football quarterback for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at North Carolina, and was drafted by the Bears with the second overall pick in the 2017 NFL Draft.
The Davenport Public Library is a public library located in Davenport, Iowa. With a history dating back to 1839, the Davenport Public Library's Main Library is currently housed in a 1960s building designed by Kennedy Center architect Edward Durell Stone. The Davenport Public Library system is made up of three libraries—the Main Library at 321 Main Street; the Fairmount Branch Library at 3000 N. Fairmount Street; and the Eastern Avenue Branch Library at 6000 Eastern Avenue.
A monument to the huge human cost of some of the gigantic construction projects of the early Ming dynasty is the Yangshan Quarry (located some 15–20 km (9–12 mi) east of the walled city and Ming Xiaoling mausoleum), where a gigantic stele, cut on the orders of the Yongle Emperor, lies abandoned, just as it was left 600 years ago when it was understood it was impossible to move or complete it.
Nolensville is a town in Williamson County, Tennessee. The population was 5,861 at the 2010 census. It was established in 1797 by William Nolen, a veteran of the American Revolutionary War. Located in Middle Tennessee, it is about 22 miles southeast of Nashville, Tennessee. The town was re-incorporated in 1996.
(William) Harold Owen (5 September 1897 - 26 November 1971) was the younger brother and biographer of the English poet and soldier, Wilfred Owen. He was born at the home of his paternal grandparents in Canon Street, Shrewsbury, Shropshire, where his parents and older siblings then lodged before his father moved on promotion to a station master's post at Birkenhead in 1898.
Beyoncé names Michael Jackson as her major musical influence. Aged five, Beyoncé attended her first ever concert where Jackson performed and she claims to have realised her purpose. When she presented him with a tribute award at the World Music Awards in 2006, Beyoncé said, "if it wasn't for Michael Jackson, I would never ever have performed." She admires Diana Ross as an "all-around entertainer" and Whitney Houston, who she said "inspired me to get up there and do what she did." She credits Mariah Carey's singing and her song "Vision of Love" as influencing her to begin practicing vocal runs as a child. Her other musical influences include Aaliyah, Prince, Lauryn Hill, Sade Adu, Donna Summer, Mary J. Blige, Janet Jackson, Anita Baker and Rachelle Ferrell.
Ymir Fritz (ユミル・フリッツ, Yumiru Furittsu) A mythical figure tied to the origins of the Titans who lived around 1,800 years ago, mentioned only in fairy tales. In the stories, Ymir became the first Founding Titan (始祖の巨人, Shiso no Kyojin) when she made a deal with the devil and used her gained power to protect her people from the Marley government. In time, the deceased Ymir's power was divided into nine of her Subjects whose families used the Nine Titans to establish Eldia as an empire for centuries until the reign of Karl Fritz.
Birger Furugård (8 December 1887 - 1961) was a Swedish politician and veterinarian. He hailed from Deje in Värmland. During the 1920s Furugård became inspired by the advance of National Socialism in Germany. He made several trips to Germany, and met with Adolf Hitler, Hermann Göring and Heinrich Himmler. In 1924 Furugård, together with his two brothers Gunnar and Sigurd, founded the Swedish National Socialist Freedom League. The following year the group was converted into the Swedish National Socialist Peasants and Workers Party. In 1930 Furugård's party merged with the National Socialist People's Party of Sweden and formed the New Swedish National Socialist Party. Furugård became "Riksledare" (National Leader) of the party. Soon, the party changed its name to Swedish National Socialist Party (SNSP).
In 2012 Northern Bank adopted the name of its Copenhagen - based parent company Danske Bank Group and rebranded its retail banking operation. In June 2013 the bank issued a new series of £10 and £20 notes bearing the new brand name; at the same time it also announced that it would cease production of £50 and £100 notes. Older notes bearing the Northern Bank name will continue in circulation for some time as they are gradually withdrawn, and remain acceptable forms of payment. In spite of the Danish name on the new notes, banknotes issued by Danske Bank are sterling notes and should not be confused with banknotes of the Danish krone issued by the Danmarks Nationalbank, Denmark's central bank.
Berkeley Springs High School is a public, co-educational high school located in Berkeley Springs, West Virginia, USA. It teaches 9th through 12th grade and currently has about 747 students in attendance. It is a Morgan County school.
During the 19th and 20th centuries there was a major dispute known as the Greek language question, on whether the official language of Greece should be the archaic Katharevousa, created in the 19th century and used as the state and scholarly language, or the Dimotiki, the form of the Greek language which evolved naturally from Byzantine Greek and was the language of the people. The dispute was finally resolved in 1976, when Dimotiki was made the only official variation of the Greek language, and Katharevousa fell to disuse.
The tenth season of the American sitcom The Big Bang Theory premiered on CBS Monday, September 19, 2016 and concluded on Thursday, May 11, 2017. It returned to its regular Thursday time slot on October 27, 2016, after Thursday Night Football on CBS.
In addition to singing words, some a cappella singers also emulate instrumentation by reproducing instrumental sounds with their vocal cords and mouth. One of the earliest 20th century practitioners of this method were The Mills Brothers whose early recordings of the 1930s clearly stated on the label that all instrumentation was done vocally. More recently, "Twilight Zone" by 2 Unlimited was sung a cappella to the instrumentation on the comedy television series Tompkins Square. Another famous example of emulating instrumentation instead of singing the words is the theme song for The New Addams Family series on Fox Family Channel (now ABC Family). Groups such as Vocal Sampling and Undivided emulate Latin rhythms a cappella. In the 1960s, the Swingle Singers used their voices to emulate musical instruments to Baroque and Classical music. Vocal artist Bobby McFerrin is famous for his instrumental emulation. A cappella group Naturally Seven recreates entire songs using vocal tones for every instrument.
Every year a "Brotherhood and Unity" relay race is organized in Montenegro, Macedonia and Serbia which ends at the "House of Flowers" in Belgrade on May 25 – the final resting place of Tito. At the same time, runners in Slovenia, Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina set off for Kumrovec, Tito's birthplace in northern Croatia. The relay is a left-over from Yugoslav times, when young people made a similar yearly trek on foot through Yugoslavia that ended in Belgrade with a massive celebration.
North Gosford is a south-eastern suburb of the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia immediately north-east of Gosford's central business district. It is part of the local government area.
In Australia, the 457 visa was the most common visa for Australian or overseas employers to sponsor skilled overseas workers to work temporarily in Australia. It has been abolished since 18 March 2018 by Turnbull government and replaced by another visa category. The full title of this subclass of visa was Temporary Business (Long Stay) and was introduced soon after John Howard became Prime Minister in 1996. The title of the visa was changed to Temporary Work (Skilled) (Subclass 457) visa on 24 November 2012. Applications were processed by the Department of Immigration and Border Protection (DIBP). On 18 April 2017, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull announced that the 457 visas will be replaced with two new visa categories.
The 1950 NBA draft was the fourth annual draft of the National Basketball Association (NBA). This is the first draft after the Basketball Association of America (BAA) was renamed the NBA. The draft was held on April 25, 1950, before the 1950–51 season. In this draft, 12 remaining NBA teams took turns selecting amateur U.S. college basketball players. In each round, the teams select in reverse order of their win–loss record in the previous season. The Chicago Stags participated in the draft but folded prior to the start of the season. The draft consisted of 12 rounds comprising 121 players selected.
Burch graduated from the University of Kansas in 1999 with a degree in computer engineering and is married to Mary Burch.
The 2008 European Fencing Championships were held in Kiev, Ukraine. The event took place from July 5 to July 10, 2008.
Vestergaard is a company headquartered in Lausanne, Switzerland that manufactures public health tools for people in developing countries. Founded as Vestergaard Frandsen in 1957 as a uniform maker, the company evolved into a social enterprise making products for humanitarian aid in the 1990s. It is now best known for inventing the LifeStraw water filter and the PermaNet mosquito net.
Billy Williams Williams in 2013 Left fielder Born: (1938 - 06 - 15) June 15, 1938 (age 80) Whistler, Alabama Batted: Left Threw: Right MLB debut August 6, 1959, for the Chicago Cubs Last MLB appearance October 2, 1976, for the Oakland Athletics MLB statistics Batting average. 290 Hits 2,711 Home runs 426 Runs batted in 1,475 Teams Chicago Cubs (1959 -- 1974) Oakland Athletics (1975 -- 1976) Career highlights and awards 6 × All - Star (19622, 1964, 1965, 1968, 1972, 1973) NL Rookie of the Year (1961) NL batting champion (1972) Chicago Cubs # 26 retired Member of the National Baseball Hall of Fame Induction Vote 85.71% (sixth ballot)
Live from Austin, TX is Eric Johnson's first live album, released in November 2005. The album showcases Johnson's seminal 1988 performance at "Austin City Limits". The performance includes a number of songs from "Ah Via Musicom", the album that a few years later would launch Johnson to fame as well as a pair of Jimi Hendrix covers.
Marcus Álvarez is a fictional character on the FX television series Sons of Anarchy and its spinoff Mayans MC, played by Emilio Rivera. He initially serves as an antagonist on the show but gradually comes to a less hostile relation with the Sons of Anarchy. He is the leader of the Mayans, a Mexican - American outlaw motorcycle club.
The Enoch Arden law is a legal precedent in the United States that grants a divorce or a legal exemption so that a person can remarry, if his or her spouse has been absent without explanation for a certain number of years, typically seven.
The Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC - often pronounced "lie-tech", Housing Credit) is a dollar-for-dollar tax credit in the United States for affordable housing investments. It was created under the Tax Reform Act of 1986 (TRA86) and gives incentives for the utilization of private equity in the development of affordable housing aimed at low-income Americans. LIHTC accounts for the majority (approximately 90%) of all affordable rental housing created in the United States today. As the maximum rent that can be charged is based upon the Area Median Income ("AMI"), LIHTC housing remains unaffordable to many low-income (<30% AMI) renters. The credits are also commonly called Section 42 credits in reference to the applicable section of the Internal Revenue Code. The tax credits are more attractive than tax deductions as the "credits" provide a dollar-for-dollar reduction in a taxpayer's federal income tax, whereas a tax "deduction" only provides a reduction in taxable income. The "passive loss rules" and similar tax changes made by TRA86 greatly reduced the value of tax credits and deductions to individual taxpayers. Less than 10% of current credit expenditures are claimed by individual investors.
The first World Happiness Report was released on April 1, 2012 as a foundational text for the UN High Level Meeting: Well - being and Happiness: Defining a New Economic Paradigm, drawing international attention. The report outlined the state of world happiness, causes of happiness and misery, and policy implications highlighted by case studies. In 2013, the second World Happiness Report was issued, and since then has been issued on an annual basis with the exception of 2014. The report primarily uses data from the Gallup World Poll. Each annual report is available to the public to download on the World Happiness Report website.
United Nations Security Council resolution 862, adopted unanimously on 31 August 1993, after recalling resolutions 841 (1993), 861 (1993) and an agreement between the President of Haiti and the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Haiti, the Council reaffirmed the international community's commitment to a solution in Haiti and discussed the establishment of a new police force in Haiti under a proposed United Nations Mission in Haiti (UNMIH).
The Knights' primary demand was for an eight - hour day; they also called for legislation to end child and convict labor, as well as a graduated income tax. They were eager supporters of cooperatives. The only woman to hold office in the Knights of Labor, Leonora Barry worked as an investigator and described the horrific conditions in factories, conditions tantamount to the abuse of women and children. These reports made Barry the first person to collect national statistics on the American working woman.
In India, the legislation subjects are divided into 3 lists -Union List, State List and Concurrent List . In the normal legislation process, the subjects in Union list can only be legislated upon by central legislative body called Parliament of India, for subjects in state list only respective state legislature can legislate. While for Concurrent subjects, both center and state can make laws. But to implement international treaties, Parliament can legislate on any subject overriding the general division of subject lists.
The Darling Mills Creek, an urban watercourse that is part of the Parramatta River catchment, is located in Greater Western Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The Irving McDonald House at 191 Booker in Tonopah, Nevada, United States, is a historic stone house that was built in 1906. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
Saloum Delta National Park or Parc National du Delta du Saloum in Senegal, is a national park. Established in 1976, it is situated within the Saloum Delta at the juncture of the Saloum River and the North Atlantic.
The episode guest stars Majandra Delfino, Blake Garrett Rosenthal, Thomas Middleditch, Matt Jones, and Tom Bower as members of Dwight's family; Delfino plays Dwight's sister Fannie, Rosenthal plays Dwight's nephew Cammy, Middleditch portrays Dwight's brother Jeb, Jones portrays Dwight's cousin Zeke, and Bower appears as Dwight's great uncle Heinrich, in a deleted scene. Jones had previously appeared in the ninth season entry, ``Junior Salesman ''.
Memoirs of a Geisha is a historical novel by American author Arthur Golden, published in 1997. The novel, told in first person perspective, tells the story of a fictional geisha working in Kyoto, Japan, before and after World War II.
Oklahoma City is the annual host of the Big 12 Baseball Tournament, the World Cup of Softball, and the annual NCAA Women's College World Series. The city has held the 2005 NCAA Men's Basketball First and Second round and hosted the Big 12 Men's and Women's Basketball Tournaments in 2007 and 2009. The major universities in the area – University of Oklahoma, Oklahoma City University, and Oklahoma State University – often schedule major basketball games and other sporting events at Chesapeake Energy Arena and Chickasaw Bricktown Ballpark, although most home games are played at their campus stadiums.
Nigeria is often referred to as the ``Giant of Africa '', owing to its large population and economy. With 186 million inhabitants, Nigeria is the most populous country in Africa and the seventh most populous country in the world. Nigeria has the third - largest youth population in the world, after India and China, with more than 90 million of its population under age 18. The country is viewed as a multinational state as it is inhabited by over 500 ethnic groups, of which the three largest are the Hausa, Igbo and Yoruba; these ethnic groups speak over 500 different languages and are identified with a wide variety of cultures. The official language is English. Nigeria is divided roughly in half between Christians, who live mostly in the southern part of the country, and Muslims, who live mostly in the north. A minority of the population practise religions indigenous to Nigeria, such as those native to the Igbo and Yoruba ethnicities.
Older constitutions often vest this power in the cabinet. In the United Kingdom, for example, the tradition whereby it is the prime minister who requests a dissolution of parliament dates back to 1918. Prior to then, it was the entire government that made the request. Similarly, though the modern 1937 Irish constitution grants to the Taoiseach the right to make the request, the earlier 1922 Irish Free State Constitution vested the power in the Executive Council (the then name for the Irish cabinet).
Happy, Happy () is a 2010 Norwegian comedy film directed by Anne Sewitsky. The film was selected as the Norwegian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.
Peace between England and the Netherlands in 1688 meant that the two countries entered the Nine Years' War as allies, but the conflict—waged in Europe and overseas between France, Spain and the Anglo-Dutch alliance—left the English a stronger colonial power than the Dutch, who were forced to devote a larger proportion of their military budget on the costly land war in Europe. The 18th century saw England (after 1707, Britain) rise to be the world's dominant colonial power, and France becoming its main rival on the imperial stage.
Sam Rickard (born 8 September 1971) in Mona Vale, New South Wales is a vision impaired Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia. He competed in four successive Paralympic Games 1988 to 2000, winning a bronze medal at the 1992 Barcelona Games. His nickname was ‘the Sparrow’.
``That Ai n't No Way To Go ''Single by Brooks & Dunn from the album Hard Workin 'Man B - side`` I Ca n't Put Out This Fire'' Released March 28, 1994 Format CD Single, 7 ''Recorded 1992 -- 1993 Genre Country Length 3: 37 Label Arista 12669 Songwriter (s) Kix Brooks Don Cook Ronnie Dunn Producer (s) Don Cook Scott Hendricks Brooks & Dunn singles chronology ``Rock My World (Little Country Girl)'' (1993)`` That Ai n't No Way To Go ''(1994) ``She's Not the Cheatin' Kind'' (1994)`` Rock My World (Little Country Girl) ''(1993) ``That Ai n't No Way To Go'' (1994)`` She's Not the Cheatin 'Kind ''(1994)
Hubert Louis Lee (February 2, 1915 – November 5, 1982) was a soldier in the United States Army during the Korean War. He received the Medal of Honor for his actions on February 1, 1951.
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe is a Group 1 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older. It is run at Longchamp over a distance of 2,400 metres (about 11⁄2 miles), and it is scheduled to take place each year, usually on the first Sunday in October.
Punjab (Urdu, Punjabi: پنجاب, panj-āb, "five waters":  listen (help·info)), also spelled Panjab, is the most populous of the four provinces of Pakistan. It has an area of 205,344 square kilometres (79,284 square miles) and a population of 91.379.615 in 2011, approximately 56% of the country's total population. Its provincial capital and largest city is Lahore. Punjab is bordered by the Indian states of Jammu and Kashmir to the northeast and Punjab and Rajasthan to the east. In Pakistan it is bordered by Sindh to the south, Balochistān and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa to the west, and Islamabad and Azad Kashmir to the north.
In British politics, the term Blairism refers to the political ideology of the former leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister Tony Blair. It entered the "New Penguin English Dictionary" in 2000. Proponents of Blairism are referred to as Blairites.
The men's tournament in ice hockey at the 2018 Winter Olympics was held in Gangneung, South Korea between 14 and 25 February 2018. Twelve countries qualified for the tournament; eight of them did so automatically by virtue of their ranking by the International Ice Hockey Federation, one, South Korea, automatically qualified as hosts, while the three others took part in a qualification tournament.
In Batman's origin story, Joe Chill is the Gotham City mugger who murders young Bruce Wayne's parents, Dr. Thomas Wayne and Martha Wayne. The murder traumatizes Bruce, and he swears to avenge their deaths by fighting crime as the vigilante Batman.
Ronald M. Kanter (born February 25, 1948) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada. He served in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario as a Liberal from 1987 to 1990.
The Colonel Crawford Burn Site Monument is a war monument in rural Wyandot County, Ohio, United States. Placed in the 1870s, it commemorates the death by burning of Colonel William Crawford during the concluding years of the American Revolution. The stone monument itself was long the subject of local interest, and it has been named a historic site.
Zayed University was established in 1998 by the Emirati federal government. Until 2008 the university was accepting only UAE national women, but after the opening of Sweihan campus, a collaboration between Zayed University and the UAE Armed Forces, approximately 200 male students were admitted.
Sangob Rattanusorn (born 1943) is a former badminton player from Thailand who won numerous titles and represented his country in team play from the early 1960s through the early 1970s. A fine "all-arounder" (proficient in all three events: singles, men's doubles, and mixed doubles), Rattanusorn won eight Thai national singles titles between 1962 and 1970, and the Southeast Asian Peninsular singles title in 1967. Outside of Asia, his most significant victories came in doubles events. He shared the U.S. Open mixed doubles title with England's Margaret Barrand in 1963, and the Canadian Open mixed doubles title with the USA's Lois Alston in 1968. In 1968 he also won the Canadian Open and Dutch Open men's doubles titles, and reached the men's doubles semifinal at the All-England Championships with fellow countryman Chavalert Chumkum. Perhaps the best year in his badminton career, however, came toward the end of it in 1973, when he helped Thailand to a surprise victory over Malaysia in the Asian zone final of Thomas Cup before bowing to perennial champion Indonesia in the inter-zone ties.
Van is an unincorporated community in Harney County, Oregon, United States. It is along Van–Drewsey Road about northeast of Burns, in the Wolf Creek Valley.
Every state except Nebraska has a bicameral legislature, meaning that the legislature consists of two separate legislative chambers or houses. In each case the smaller chamber is called the Senate and is usually referred to as the upper house. This chamber typically, but not always, has the exclusive power to confirm appointments made by the governor and to try articles of impeachment. (In a few states, a separate Executive Council, composed of members elected from large districts, performs the confirmation function.) Members of the smaller chamber represent more citizens and usually serve for longer terms than members of the larger chamber, generally four years. In 41 states, the larger chamber is called the House of Representatives. Five states designate the larger chamber the Assembly and three states call it the House of Delegates. Members of the larger chamber usually serve for terms of two years. The larger chamber customarily has the exclusive power to initiate taxing legislation and articles of impeachment.
Paul Vigouroux (1919–1980), also known as Mathieu Laurier, was a French political activist and anti-communist. He was a member of the Jeunesses Patriotes, La Cagoule, and was secretary general of the Parti français national-collectiviste (PFNC), a political party that was one of the forerunners of the Legion of French Volunteers Against Bolshevism.
In May 2005, the first high definition video conferencing systems, produced by LifeSize Communications, were displayed at the Interop trade show in Las Vegas, Nevada, able to provide video at 30 frames per second with a 1280 by 720 display resolution. Polycom introduced its first high definition video conferencing system to the market in 2006. As of the 2010s, high definition resolution for videoconferencing became a popular feature, with most major suppliers in the videoconferencing market offering it.
``You've Got to Hide Your Love Away ''is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was written and sung by John Lennon (credited to Lennon -- McCartney) and released on the album Help! in August 1965.
The Standing Rules of the Senate are the parliamentary procedures adopted by the United States Senate that govern its procedure. The Senate's power to establish rules derives from Article One, Section 5 of the United States Constitution: ``Each House may determine the rules of its proceedings... ''
Long Palai is a settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia. It lies approximately east-north-east of the state capital Kuching.
In the early 19th century, Augustus Welby Northmore Pugin wrote Contrasts (1836) that, as the titled suggested, contrasted the modern, industrial world, which he disparaged, with an idealized image of neo-medieval world. Gothic architecture, Pugin believed, was the only "true Christian form of architecture."
Football Club Crotone is an Italian football club based in Crotone, Calabria. Founded in 1910, holding home games at Stadio Ezio Scida, which has a 16,547 - seat capacity. The club plays in Serie A after being promoted from Serie B in 2016.
Charles Robert Woods (February 19, 1827 – February 26, 1885) was a career United States Army officer and a Union general during the American Civil War. He is noted for commanding the relief troops that first attempted to resupply Fort Sumter prior to the start of the conflict, and served with distinction during the war.
Tom Postilio is an American luxury real estate broker, television personality, and former professional singer. He is a broker at Douglas Elliman, the largest real estate brokerage in the New York Metropolitan area and the fourth largest real estate company in the United States. He is known for brokering high-end luxury real estate to a celebrity clientele and is a star of the HGTV reality television show "Selling New York".
London is a leading global city, with strengths in the arts, commerce, education, entertainment, fashion, finance, healthcare, media, professional services, research and development, tourism, and transport all contributing to its prominence. It is one of the world's leading financial centres and has the fifth-or sixth-largest metropolitan area GDP in the world depending on measurement.[note 3] London is a world cultural capital. It is the world's most-visited city as measured by international arrivals and has the world's largest city airport system measured by passenger traffic. London is one of the world's leading investment destinations, hosting more international retailers and ultra high-net-worth individuals than any other city. London's 43 universities form the largest concentration of higher education institutes in Europe, and a 2014 report placed it first in the world university rankings. According to the report London also ranks first in the world in software, multimedia development and design, and shares first position in technology readiness. In 2012, London became the first city to host the modern Summer Olympic Games three times.
Johnny's in the Basement is a children's novel by the author Louis Sachar, the author of the National Book Award and Newbery Medal winning novel, "Holes". This book was published in 1981, by Knopf. It is Sachar's second book ("Sideways Stories from Wayside School" was his first, in 1979). The book's title is a reference to the song "Subterranean Homesick Blues" by Bob Dylan, which begins with the line "Johnny's in the basement mixing up the medicine."
Although the use of the concepts of the Apollonian and Dionysian is linked to Nietzsche's The Birth of Tragedy, the terms were used before him in German culture. The poet Hölderlin spoke of them, while Winckelmann talked of Bacchus, the god of wine. Rudolf Steiner as well treated in depth of the Apollonian and Dionysian (called ``Apollinisches und Dionysisches ''in German) and placed them in the general history and spiritual evolution of mankind.
The final has never been contested by two teams from outside the top division and there have only been eight winners who weren't in the top flight: Notts County (1894); Tottenham Hotspur (1901); Wolverhampton Wanderers (1908); Barnsley (1912); West Bromwich Albion (1931); Sunderland (1973), Southampton (1976) and West Ham United (1980). With the exception of Tottenham, these clubs were all playing in the second tier (the old Second Division) - Tottenham were playing in the Southern League and were only elected to the Football League in 1908, meaning they are the only non-league winners of the FA Cup. Other than Tottenham's victory, only 24 finalists have come from outside English football's top tier, with a record of 7 wins and 17 runners-up: and none at all from the third tier or lower, Southampton (1902) being the last finalist from outside the top two tiers.
On January 14, 2015, John Krasinski was cast in the film, to play one of the lead roles, a former US Navy SEAL. On February 3, Pablo Schreiber also signed on to star in the film, playing Kris "Tanto" Paronto, one of the six-man security team. On February 6, James Badge Dale was set to star, as the leader of the security team. Max Martini was cast as another member of the security team on February 17, 2015. David Denman signed on to star in the film on March 3, 2015, playing Boon, an elite sniper. On March 5, 2015, THR reported that Dominic Fumusa also signed on, to play John "Tig" Tiegen, one of the members of the security team, who is also a former Marine with weapons expertise. Freddie Stroma was added to the cast on March 17, 2015 to play the role of an undercover CIA officer in Libya. On May 7, 2015, Toby Stephens was set to play Glen "Bub" Doherty, another of the security team members.
No Ordinary Girl is the debut album by Jordan Pruitt, released in the United States on February 6, 2007 by Hollywood Records. The album debuted and peaked at number sixty-four on the "Billboard" 200 with 14,000 copies sold in its first week and to date has sold 187,887 in the United States. This album had moderate success because of the songs included in the Disney Channel movies "Read It and Weep" and "Jump In". Pruitt supported the album with "The Cheetah Girls The Party's Just Begun Tour" and "".
The Glory of Yolanda is a lost 1917 silent film romantic drama directed by Marguerite Bertsch and starring Anita Stewart. It was produced by the Vitagraph Company of America and distributed by V-L-S-E, a releasing company whose name is composed of the initials of Vitagraph, Lubin, Selig and Essanay.
Toongabbie Creek, an urban watercourse that is part of the Parramatta River catchment, is located in Greater Western Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
Bofu (?–771 CE) (), sometimes referred to as Bopan (伯盘), was the son of Chinese Zhou dynasty monarch King You of Zhou and his concubine Bao Si. After Baosi entered the royal palace, King You deposed Queen Shen (申后) and her son Crown Prince Yijiu, replacing them with Baosi and Bofu. King You and Bofu were both killed in 771 CE by Quanrong nomads at Mount Li near Xi'an in present-day Shaanxi. Another source says that Bofu lived and contended for the throne with Queen Shen's son, King Ping of Zhou.
The American Civil War was fought in the United States from 1861 to 1865. The result of a long - standing controversy over slavery, war broke out in April 1861, when Confederates attacked Fort Sumter in South Carolina, shortly after President Abraham Lincoln was inaugurated. The nationalists of the Union proclaimed loyalty to the U.S. Constitution. They faced secessionists of the Confederate States of America, who advocated for states' rights to expand slavery.
Chinatown (Chinese: 雪梨華埠 or 悉尼唐人街) is an urban locality in the southern part of the Sydney central business district, in New South Wales, Australia. It is located in Haymarket, between Central station and Darling Harbour. It is part of the local government area of the City of Sydney and is Australia's largest Chinatown.
The economic structure of the Empire was defined by its geopolitical structure. The Ottoman Empire stood between the West and the East, thus blocking the land route eastward and forcing Spanish and Portuguese navigators to set sail in search of a new route to the Orient. The Empire controlled the spice route that Marco Polo once used. When Vasco da Gama bypassed Ottoman controlled routes and established direct trade links with India in 1498, and Christopher Columbus first journeyed to the Bahamas in 1492, the Ottoman Empire was at its zenith.
The first amateur draft was held in 1965. Unlike most sports drafts, the first - year player draft is held mid-season, in June. Another distinguishing feature of this draft in comparison with those of other North American major professional sports leagues is its sheer size: under the current collective bargaining agreement the draft lasts 40 rounds, plus compensatory picks. In contrast, the NFL draft lasts for seven rounds (a maximum of 256 selections), the NHL entry draft lasts seven rounds and roughly 215 picks, and the NBA draft lasts for only two rounds (60 selections).
Gun laws in Pennsylvania regulate the sale, possession, and use of firearms and ammunition in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in the United States.
Yet controlling the "Mandate of Heaven" was a daunting task. The vastness of China's territory meant that there were only enough banner troops to garrison key cities forming the backbone of a defense network that relied heavily on surrendered Ming soldiers. In addition, three surrendered Ming generals were singled out for their contributions to the establishment of the Qing dynasty, ennobled as feudal princes (藩王), and given governorships over vast territories in Southern China. The chief of these was Wu Sangui, who was given the provinces of Yunnan and Guizhou, while generals Shang Kexi and Geng Jingzhong were given Guangdong and Fujian provinces respectively.
Windsor Castle is a novel by William Harrison Ainsworth serially published in 1842. It is a historical romance with gothic elements that depicts Henry VIII's pursuit of Anne Boleyn. Intertwined with the story are the actions of Herne the Hunter, a legendary ghost that haunts Windsor woods.
The First Rutte cabinet, also called the Rutte–Verhagen cabinet was the cabinet of the Netherlands from 14 October 2010 until 5 November 2012. The cabinet was formed by the political parties People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) after the election of 2010. The right-wing cabinet was a minority government in the House of Representatives but was supported by the Party for Freedom (PVV) for a majority. It was the first of three cabinets of Mark Rutte, the Leader of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy as Prime Minister, with Maxime Verhagen the Leader of the Christian Democratic Appeal serving as Deputy Prime Minister.
Ian Fairweather (29 September 189120 May 1974) was a Scottish painter resident in Australia for much of his life. He combined western and Asian influences in his work.
SICRAL 1B is a military communications satellite built by Thales Alenia Space for Italian Armed Forces. It is a dual-use spacecraft: Telespazio will use some of the satellite's transmission capacity and some will be used by the Italian defense ministry and NATO. The spacecraft is based on the Italsat 3000 bus and includes one EHF/Ka band, three UHF-band and five active SHF-band transponders. It is designed to be operable for 13 years.
John Ross Bowie (born May 30, 1971) is an American actor and comedian best known for playing Barry Kripke on The Big Bang Theory and, beginning in 2016, Jimmy DiMeo on Speechless.
Edward VII came to the throne in 1901 and immediately set about modernising Windsor Castle with "enthusiasm and zest". Many of the rooms in the Upper Ward were de-cluttered and redecorated for the first time in many years, with Edward "peering into cabinets; ransacking drawers; clearing rooms formerly used by the Prince Consort and not touched since his death; dispatching case-loads of relics and ornaments to a special room in the Round Tower ... destroying statues and busts of John Brown ... throwing out hundreds of 'rubbishy old coloured photographs' ... [and] rearranging pictures". Electric lighting was added to more rooms, along with central heating; telephone lines were installed, along with garages for the newly invented automobiles. The marathon was run from Windsor Castle at the 1908 Olympics, and in 1911 the pioneering aviator Thomas Sopwith landed an aircraft at the castle for the first time.
Hannigan was born in Washington, D.C., the only child of Emilie (Posner) Haas, a real estate agent, and Alan Hannigan, a Teamsters trucker. Her father is of Irish ancestry and her mother is Jewish.
Kofi Annan was born in the Kofandros section of Kumasi in the Gold Coast (now Ghana) on 8 April 1938. His twin sister Efua Atta, who died in 1991, shared the middle name Atta, which in the Akan language means 'twin'. Annan and his sister were born into one of the country's Ashanti and Fante aristocratic families; both of their grandfathers and their uncle were tribal chiefs.In the Akan names tradition, some children are named according to the day of the week on which they were born, sometimes in relation to how many children precede them. Kofi in Akan is the name that corresponds with Friday. Annan said that his surname rhymes with "cannon" in English.From 1954 to 1957, Annan attended the elite Mfantsipim school, a Methodist boarding school in Cape Coast founded in the 1870s. Annan said that the school taught him that "suffering anywhere, concerns people everywhere". In 1957, the year Annan graduated from Mfantsipim, the Gold Coast gained independence from the UK and began using the name "Ghana".
Hans K. Ziegler (March 1, 1911, Munich, Germany – December 11, 1999 Colts Neck Township, New Jersey, United States) was a pioneer in the field of communication satellites and the use of photovoltaic solar cells as a power source for satellites.
On August 19, 2014, casting began, with actor Mark Wahlberg added in the lead role of the film. Wahlberg plays Mike Williams, a real - life electronics technician on the Deepwater Horizon oil rig. On March 18, 2015, Gina Rodriguez was set to play a woman named Andrea Fleytas, who was on the bridge on board the Deepwater Horizon at the time of the blowout, and frantically tried to contact the Coast Guard. On April 10, 2015, Deadline reported that Dylan O'Brien was in talks to play Caleb Holloway. Kurt Russell joined the film on the same day O'Brien was in talks. Soon after, John Malkovich was confirmed cast, as a BP representative who fatally underestimates the dangers of working on the rig. Kate Hudson was announced as a cast member in May, 2015, and playing the wife of Wahlberg's character; her role will be her first on - screen pairing with Russell, her stepfather, although they shared no dialogue in the film.
Muang Kasi is a river town in Vientiane Province, Laos. It is located to the north of Ban Thieng along Route 13. The Pathet Lao were active in Muang Kasi.
Abu el-Haj argues that genomics and the mapping of lineages and clusters liberates "the new racial science from the older one by disentangling ancestry from culture and capacity."[citation needed] As an example, she refers to recent work by Hammer et al., which aimed to test the claim that present-day Jews are more closely related to one another than to neighbouring non-Jewish populations. Hammer et al. found that the degree of genetic similarity among Jews shifted depending on the locus investigated, and suggested that this was the result of natural selection acting on particular loci. They focused on the non-recombining Y-chromosome to "circumvent some of the complications associated with selection".
The University of Notre Dame du Lac (or simply Notre Dame /ˌnoʊtərˈdeɪm/ NOH-tər-DAYM) is a Catholic research university located adjacent to South Bend, Indiana, in the United States. In French, Notre Dame du Lac means "Our Lady of the Lake" and refers to the university's patron saint, the Virgin Mary. The main campus covers 1,250 acres in a suburban setting and it contains a number of recognizable landmarks, such as the Golden Dome, the "Word of Life" mural (commonly known as Touchdown Jesus), and the Basilica.
Elphinstone Bridge is a bridge across the Adyar River in Chennai, India. Constructed in 1840 and named after the then Governor-General of India, the bridge is currently not in use and has been substituted with the newly built Thiru Vi. Ka. Bridge nearby.
Felix Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto in E minor, Op. 64, is his last large orchestral work. It forms an important part of the violin repertoire and is one of the most popular and most frequently performed violin concertos in history. A typical performance lasts just under half an hour.
Beaverdell is an unincorporated settlement in the Monashee Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, which lies to the east of the Okanagan Valley and north of the Boundary Country region. It is located midway along the West Kettle River between Kelowna and Rock Creek along British Columbia Highway 33.
In the years following the mid-1930s, Detroit was referred to as the "City of Champions" after the Tigers, Lions, and Red Wings captured all three major professional sports championships in a seven-month period of time (the Tigers won the World Series in October 1935; the Lions won the NFL championship in December 1935; the Red Wings won the Stanley Cup in April 1936). In 1932, Eddie "The Midnight Express" Tolan from Detroit won the 100- and 200-meter races and two gold medals at the 1932 Summer Olympics. Joe Louis won the heavyweight championship of the world in 1937.
Tibet has some of the world's tallest mountains, with several of them making the top ten list. Mount Everest, located on the border with Nepal, is, at 8,848 metres (29,029 ft), the highest mountain on earth. Several major rivers have their source in the Tibetan Plateau (mostly in present-day Qinghai Province). These include the Yangtze, Yellow River, Indus River, Mekong, Ganges, Salween and the Yarlung Tsangpo River (Brahmaputra River). The Yarlung Tsangpo Grand Canyon, along the Yarlung Tsangpo River, is among the deepest and longest canyons in the world.
Rebecca Andrea Thompson (born January 6, 1960) is an American actress, known for her roles on the television series "Falcon Crest", "Babylon 5", "JAG", "24", and "NYPD Blue".
In response to these hardware flaws, "Nintendo Authorized Repair Centers" sprang up across the U.S. According to Nintendo, the authorization program was designed to ensure that the machines were properly repaired. Nintendo would ship the necessary replacement parts only to shops that had enrolled in the authorization program. In practice, the authorization process consisted of nothing more than paying a fee to Nintendo for the privilege. In a recent trend, many sites have sprung up to offer Nintendo repair parts, guides, and services that replace those formerly offered by the authorized repair centers.
"Sette scialli di seta gialla" was released on 12 August 1972 in Italy. The title translates as "Seven Shawls of Yellow Silk". It has also been distributed under the title "Crimes of the Black Cat".
Kalamazoo Kingdom were an American soccer team, founded in 1996. The team was a member of the United Soccer Leagues Premier Development League (PDL), the fourth tier of the American Soccer Pyramid, until 2006, when the team left the league and the franchise was terminated.
The Palais des Papes in Avignon is the best complete large royal palace, alongside the Royal palace of Olite, built during the 13th and 14th centuries for the kings of Navarre. The Malbork Castle built for the master of the Teutonic order is an example of Brick Gothic architecture. Partial survivals of former royal residences include the Doge's Palace of Venice, the Palau de la Generalitat in Barcelona, built in the 15th century for the kings of Aragon, or the famous Conciergerie, former palace of the kings of France, in Paris.
The 2015 Wimbledon Championships was a Grand Slam tennis tournament which took place at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London, United Kingdom, from 29 June to 12 July 2015.
Regarding internal borders, while territories could shift wildly in size, once established a state has commonly remained within its borders, barring small changes due to river shifts. Only four states -- Maine, Kentucky, Vermont, and West Virginia -- have been created from land claimed by another state; all of the others were created from territories or directly from acquisitions. The last state of the contiguous United States, commonly called the ``lower 48, ''was admitted in 1912; the fiftieth and most recent state was admitted in 1959.
Super Play Action Football is an American football video game developed by Nintendo for the Super NES. It is the follow-up to "NES Play Action Football".
The Little River, a watercourse that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Southern Highlands region of New South Wales, Australia.
Solana is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Charlotte County, Florida, United States. The population was 742 at the 2010 census. It is part of the Punta Gorda, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Antonio Tosti (4 October 1776 – 20 March 1866) was Catholic Cardinal-Priest of San Pietro in Montorio in Rome and later Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals and Librarian of the Vatican Library.
Tamara Leitner (born July 3, 1972 in San Diego, California) is an investigative TV reporter and former reality television contestant.
Thomas R. Jackson (1826–1901) was an English-born American architect who rose to the position of head draftsman in the office of Richard Upjohn (1802–1872), one of New York's most prominent designers; in his position in Upjohn's office he was one of the designers in the construction of Trinity Church, New York. The nature of his other work with Jackson is not known. The comparatively unknown Jackson was a prolific architect in his own right.
Betty (Jean) Eadie (born 1942) is a prominent American author of several books on near-death experiences (NDEs). Her best-known book is the No. 1 New York Times bestselling book "Embraced by the Light," (1992) describing her near-death experience. It was followed by "The Awakening Heart" (1996), which was also a best-seller. "The Ripple Effect" (1999) and "Embraced by the Light: Prayers and Devotions for Daily Living" (2001) were both published independently.
Larry Hardy (born July 9, 1956 in Mendenhall, Mississippi) is a retired American football tight end who played eight seasons in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints. He played college football at Jackson State University.
Chaunsky District (; Chukchi: ) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the six in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia. It is located on the northern shore of the autonomous okrug and borders with Iultinsky District in the northeast, Anadyrsky District in the southeast, and with Bilibinsky District in the south and west. The area of the district is . Its administrative center is the town of Pevek. Population: The population of Pevek accounts for 80.8% of the district's total population.
Swiss are fans of football and the national team is nicknamed the 'Nati'. The headquarters of the sport's governing body, the International Federation of Association Football (FIFA), is located in Zürich. Switzerland hosted the 1954 FIFA World Cup, and was the joint host, with Austria, of the Euro 2008 tournament. The Swiss Super League is the nation's professional club league. For the Brasil 2014 World Cup finals tournament, the country's German-speaking cantons will be closely monitored by local police forces to prevent celebrations beyond one hour after matches end. Europe's highest football pitch, at 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) above sea level, is located in Switzerland and is named the Ottmar Hitzfeld Stadium.
Manuel Oreste Rodríguez López (11 December 1934 in Paradela, Lugo, Spain – 13 February 1990 Lugo) was a Galician poet and writer.
Many Muslims criticized the Umayyads for having too many non-Muslim, former Roman administrators in their government. St John of Damascus was also a high administrator in the Umayyad administration. As the Muslims took over cities, they left the peoples political representatives and the Roman tax collectors and the administrators. The taxes to the central government were calculated and negotiated by the peoples political representatives. The Central government got paid for the services it provided and the local government got the money for the services it provided. Many Christian cities also used some of the taxes on maintain their churches and run their own organizations. Later the Umayyads were criticized by some Muslims for not reducing the taxes of the people who converted to Islam. These new converts continues to pay the same taxes that were previously negotiated.
Borten's Cabinet governed Norway between 12 October 1965 and 17 March 1971. The cabinet wes led by Per Borten and consisted of the Conservative Party, the Centre Party, the Liberal Party and the Christian Democratic Party. It had the following composition:
Stadio Arduino Mangoni, is a multi-purpose stadium in Isola del Liri, Italy. It is mainly used mostly for football matches and hosts the home matches of Isola Liri in Serie D. The stadium has a capacity of 3,000 spectators and meets Lega Pro criteria.
That said, an important number of genetic and other historical studies point out to the predominance of the Amazighs in Tunisia. An Ottoman influence has been particularly significant in forming the Turco-Tunisian community. Other peoples have also migrated to Tunisia during different periods of time, including West Africans, Greeks, Romans, Phoenicians (Punics), Jews, and French settlers. By 1870 the distinction between the Arabic-speaking mass and the Turkish elite had blurred.From the late 19th century to after World War II, Tunisia was home to large populations of French and Italians (255,000 Europeans in 1956), although nearly all of them, along with the Jewish population, left after Tunisia became independent. The history of the Jews in Tunisia goes back some 2,000 years. In 1948 the Jewish population was an estimated 105,000, but by 2013 only about 900 remained.The first people known to history in what is now Tunisia were the Berbers. Numerous civilizations and peoples have invaded, migrated to, or have been assimilated into the population over the millennia, with influences of population from Phoenicians/Carthaginians, Romans, Vandals, Arabs, Spaniards, Ottoman Turks and Janissaries, and French. There was a continuing inflow of nomadic Arab tribes from Arabia.After the Reconquista and expulsion of non-Christians and Moriscos from Spain, many Spanish Muslims and Jews also arrived. According to Matthew Carr, "As many as eighty thousand Moriscos settled in Tunisia, most of them in and around the capital, Tunis, which still contains a quarter known as Zuqaq al-Andalus, or Andalusia Alley."
Sheikh Mukhtar Mohamed Hussein (, ‎; 1912 – June 12, 2012) was the speaker of the Somali parliament, and briefly an interim President of Somalia in 1969.
Michael H. S. Good (1 July 1875 – after 1904), sometimes known as Micky Good, was a Scottish professional footballer who made 71 appearances in the Football League playing for Small Heath, Preston North End and Bristol City.
Economic growth in Swaziland has lagged behind that of its neighbours. Real GDP growth since 2001 has averaged 2.8%, nearly 2 percentage points lower than growth in other Southern African Customs Union (SACU) member countries. Low agricultural productivity in the SNLs, repeated droughts, the devastating effect of HIV/AIDS and an overly large and inefficient government sector are likely contributing factors. Swaziland's public finances deteriorated in the late 1990s following sizeable surpluses a decade earlier. A combination of declining revenues and increased spending led to significant budget deficits.
Angelo, Bay's father, reenters her life after reading an article about the switch, wanting to get to know Bay. He indicates to Regina that he wishes for them to get back together, but she refuses. Later, Angelo flees the Kennish household and it is revealed that he is under threat of being deported for an outstanding warrant for arrest in Italy. When he first returns, Regina wants nothing to do with him, but eventually she relents, even marrying him in order for him to avoid deportation. Her relationship with Patrick is effectively ended by this marriage. She later gets half of Angelo's money as a result of the marriage.
John McGreevy is an American historian and the dean of the College of Arts & Letters at the University of Notre Dame from 2008 until 2018. McGreevy earned his B.A. from Notre Dame and his Ph.D. from Stanford University. He has been on the Notre Dame faculty since 1997.
The 2018 College Football Playoff National Championship is a college football bowl game that will determine the national champion in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision for the 2017 season. It will be played at Mercedes - Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia on January 8, 2018. As part of a three - year rotation, the game will be played between the winners of two semi-final bowl games which will be played on January 1, 2018: the Rose Bowl Game, and the Sugar Bowl. The participants in these two games will be determined following the conclusion of the 2017 regular season.
The series -- presented as if it were a real documentary -- depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania, branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. In the episode, Robert California (James Spader) brings his wife (Maura Tierney) into the office for a job, and tells Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) behind her back not to give her one. Meanwhile, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson) opens a gym in the building and tries to get Darryl Philbin (Craig Robinson) to join it.
Namibia has free education for both Primary and secondary education levels. Grades 1–7 are primary level, grades 8–12 secondary. In 1998, there were 400,325 Namibian students in primary school and 115,237 students in secondary schools. The pupil-teacher ratio in 1999 was estimated at 32:1, with about 8% of the GDP being spent on education. Curriculum development, educational research, and professional development of teachers is centrally organised by the National Institute for Educational Development (NIED) in Okahandja.
The Good Shepherd is a 2006 spy film produced and directed by Robert De Niro and starring Matt Damon, Angelina Jolie and De Niro, with an extensive supporting cast.
Iran has an area of 1,648,195 km2 (636,372 sq mi). Iran lies between latitudes 24° and 40° N, and longitudes 44° and 64° E. Its borders are with Azerbaijan (611 km or 380 mi, with Azerbaijan-Naxcivan exclave, 179 km or 111 mi) and Armenia (35 km or 22 mi) to the north-west; the Caspian Sea to the north; Turkmenistan (992 km or 616 mi) to the north-east; Pakistan (909 km or 565 mi) and Afghanistan (936 km or 582 mi) to the east; Turkey (499 km or 310 mi) and Iraq (1,458 km or 906 mi) to the west; and finally the waters of the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman to the south.
"Ms. Vanity" is the debut single by former Australian Idol contestant Rob Mills. "Ms. Vanity" was released as the lead single from Rob's debut album "Up All Night", and reached a peak position of #6 on the Australian ARIA Singles Chart. It is to date Rob's first and only top ten single. "Ms. Vanity" lasted a relatively short 8 weeks on the chart.
The Hague Convention Abolishing the Requirement of Legalisation for Foreign Public Documents, the Apostille Convention, or the Apostille Treaty, is an international treaty drafted by the Hague Conference on Private International Law. It specifies the modalities through which a document issued in one of the signatory countries can be certified for legal purposes in all the other signatory states. A certification under the terms of the convention is called an apostille (from Latin post illa and then French: a marginal note). It is an international certification comparable to a notarisation in domestic law, and normally supplements a local notarisation of the document. If the convention applies between two countries, such an apostille is sufficient to certify a document's validity, and removes the need for double - certification, by the originating country and then by the receiving country.
The Young and the Restless is an American television soap opera, created by William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell for CBS. It first aired on March 26, 1973. The longest - running current cast member is Doug Davidson, who has portrayed private investigator Paul Williams since May 23, 1978. Jeanne Cooper, who portrayed the soap opera's matriarch Katherine Chancellor, holds the record for the series' longest - running cast member, airing from November 1973 until her death in May 2013. Melody Thomas Scott and Eric Braeden, who portray Nikki and Victor Newman, are the second and third longest - running cast members, having joined in February 1979 and February 1980, respectively. Kate Linder has portrayed Esther Valentine since April 1982, and rounds out the series' top four longest - running cast members. The following list is of cast members who are currently on the show: both main and recurring members, as well as those who are debuting, departing or returning from the series.